{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471266", "title": "Mining pleas to be heard by SC on December 7", "text": "PANAJI: The Supreme Court will on December 7 hear all the applications filed by a few top mining companies and a labour union to join as parties in the main petition filed by the Mapusa based NGO Goa Foundation in the illegal mining case.Central empowered committee (CEC) is likely to submit the preliminary report to the Supreme Court on Thursday. Sources in CEC said that they are in final stage of preparing the report and that it would be submitted on Thursday.The applications are filed by Sesa Goa, Goa mining association, south Goa truck owners association, Goa mining labour welfare union and individuals.Sesa Goa managing director P K Mukherjee said \"Through our counsel we want to convey that this matter is required to be heard. We don't want to disclose what is in our plea as it is sub judice.\"Another applicant H L Nathurmal, a mining firm whose sole proprietor is Haresh Melwani, said they have moved impleadment application in the Supreme Court.\"I have a plea in the application that I should be heard in the matter as it was ex-parte order and court should permit me to operate as according to us my mines are perfectly legal,\" Melwani said.Goa mining labour welfare union general secretary Christopher Fonseca said in the impleadment application that there are many people dependent on mining for jobs.\"We have two points in our application one is that nobody should lose their jobs as mining has come to stand still and second is mining should be nationalized in the state of Goa,\" said Fonseca.South Goa truck owners association secretary Satyawan Gaonakar said \"We have a plea that the court should look sympathetically into the issue as lakhs of people are dependent on mining.\"The state government has also decided to approach the SC with a plea to restart legal mining in Goa as the state's economy and employment depends on the mining industry. The state will file the affidavit after CEC submits its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17476057", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal to make another expose today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) convenor Arvind Kejriwal will make another expose on corruption on Tuesday, a member of his party said.\"The expose would be on corruption at 5pm,\" the member said.Kejriwal had earlier targeted United Progressive Alliance chairperson Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national president Nitin Gadkari and industrialist Mukesh Ambani.He had also taken up the issue of black money stashed abroad and accused a foreign bank of encouraging corruption in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475574", "title": "Abhaas Mehta bags Ravi Ojha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next!", "text": "TOI.com exclusively reported about Ravi Ojha planning a family drama on Zee TV for which beautiful Additi Gupta has been approached to essay one of the leads in the show. The show which will have 3 protagonist, Sanjeeda Sheikh has given a node to play one.Furthermore, latest we have heard is that the makers have roped in the baddy Abhaas Mehta aka Shyam of Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon, the show which recently made headlines for its abrupt ending. Abhaas will essay one of the major characters in the show. Sources inform that Abhaas has signed on the dotted lines and has been also approved by the channel.When contacted, Abhaas stated, \"Yes, they have approached me but I haven't signed anything as of now.\" The show is expected to have many known names in their cast list.Keep reading this space to know more fresh updates of TV world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475423", "title": "Ranchi has more than 1000 illegal mobile towers", "text": "RANCHI: Almost 1000-odd base transceiver stations (BTS towers) better known as mobile towers, which can jeopardize several lives any time, have been illegally erected, said Ranchi Municipal Corporation officials. The civic body has already issued a public notice, through newspapers, to all such mobile tower operators urging them to comply with the norms. The RMC authorities will soon sit down for a meeting and decide upon the last date for the mobile operators to take necessary measures to comply with the RMC Building By-laws or else their mobile towers will be sealed or dismantled. The move will break down all mobile networks in Ranchi (because one tower is used by several operators) and affect thousands of lives across the state.Deputy chief executive officer of RMC Gopalji Tiwari said, \"RMC Building By-laws strictly say that mobile tower operators need to obtain no objection certificates (NOC) from the civic body before any of the towers are installed. But none of the existing mobile towers have taken NOC from RMC for the erection of their infrastructures.\" It may be noted that municipalities in Delhi, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Mumbai and other cities have already launched similar drivers.Most of the mobile towers are situated near hospitals, schools, colleges, playgrounds and other public places. RMC claims that none of the towers follow building structural safety norms and their structural safety is unchecked and uncertified. In case, the mobile towers collapse owing to rains or powerful winds, they may lead to serious casualties.In a sample survey conducted some months ago, RMC had found gross violations of structural safety by these mobile towers. \"A meeting of the operators from various companies was called and instructions issued. But only 35 of them have submitted their documents so far,\" said Tiwari.It has been over three months since the public notice was released by the municipality. But the civic body has neither sealed the mobile towers nor dismantled them.A deputy director general rank official in BSNL said on conditions of anonymity, \"We do not have any instructions from our ministry to seek such NOC from the local municipality.\" BSNL has, however, submitted several documents to RMC which it has obtained from DOT. Private mobile operators could not be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17470430", "title": "Spanish coach for Sporting Clube de Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Sporting Clube de Goa have knocked on the doors of Spanish coach Oscar Bruzon to help turn their season around. Sporting Clube suffered their third consecutive defeat on Sunday and are now left with just seven points from nine matches.Their domestic form has not been too good either, prompting club president Peter Vaz to effect a change in guard.\"Oscar will be our new chief coach. He will take charge at Monday's training session,\" Vaz told TOI after his side put up a dominating performance but still lost 0-1 against Air India at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Sunday.Vaz, all through the match, had Oscar - a UEFA A Licence coach - giving him company in the VIP gallery and is also understood to have spoken to the players in the dressing room at the break. His reading of the match prompted a change in strategy in the second session where Sporting generally dominated.\"Oscar has had an informal look at the team and already identified the problem areas. He feels the team is low on confidence at the moment but there is nothing to worry. We can turn things around,\" said the club president.Vaz said Ekendra will continue to be involved with the coaching staff and assist Oscar, while Alex Alvares will be the technical director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "17471868", "title": "Lalu Prasad questions Nitish Kumar's secular credentials", "text": "MADHEPURA: Questioning the secular credentials of chief minister Nitish Kumar, RJD supremo Lalu Prasad on Monday asked him to take a stand as to what he would do now that the BJP has practically declared Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi as its prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 Lok Sabha election.Addressing the people on the last leg of 'Parivartan yatra' in Kosi division at Madhepura on Monday, Lalu rapped the CM for lying in the lap of communal and disruptive forces only to remain glued to power. \"Nitish Kumar might have the uncanny dexterity of running with the hare and hunting with the hound, but the time has now come when he must come clean on which side of the fence he stands,\" Lalu roared. In this context, he reminded people how he had performed 'Rajdharma' when he got the BJP stalwart L K Advani arrested during his 'rathyatra' and said he would never allow communal forces to get a foothold in the state.In a bid to mend fences with voters, the RJF chief asked the people to condone whatever mistakes were committed during the 15-year RJD rule in Bihar. Lalu had relinquished Madhepura seat after winning both Chhapra and Madhepura seats in the 2004 Lok Sabha polls.Making a frontal attack on the Nitish Kumar government for debasing the state's educational system, the RJD supremo promised to do away with the system of non-aided colleges and make them financially sufficient like constituent colleges and regularize the services of contractual teachers if his party was voted back to power. He reminded the people how rail projects announced during his tenure as railway minister were consigned to the backburner.Among those present at his rally at Madhepura included state RJD chief Ramchandra Purbe, former union minister Jai Prakash Narain Yadav and general secretary Ram Kripal Yadav .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471736", "title": "Cops capture criminal from Ara village", "text": "PATNA: A Patna police team on Monday raided Bhairavpur (Lodipur) village in Bhojpur district and arrested Babloo Singh, the mastermind in the Gorakhari mukhiya Baby Devi murder case.Senior SP, Patna, Amrit Raj said the mukhiya of Gorakhari panchayat under Bikram police station in Patna district was murdered by a group of criminals on July 27 this year. Police had earlier arrested four persons in this connection. Babloo's wife had contested the panchayat election against Baby Devi.The SSP said he received information on Sunday that Babloo had taken shelter in the house of Bhojpuriya, one of his friends, at Bhairavpur under Chandi police station in Bhojpur district. A special police team conducted the raid at Bhojpuriya's house on Monday morning and arrested Babloo.Babloo revealed that he had concealed a country-made pistol and two live cartridges at his native house in Gorakhari. The police, later, recovered the pistol and a cellphone from there. The SSP said Babloo was an accused in 28 cases of serious crime, including murder, kidnapping, Arms Act, cash loot and vehicle loot lodged with Bikram, Naubatpur, Danapur, Paliganj, Bihta, Kotwali and Hajipur Sadar police stations.The SSP said Babloo was also involved in kidnapping of Dr Ramesh Chandra in Patna and Dr Gajendra Mohan in Hajipur. The police were interrogating him about his links.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470000", "title": "Eden track good for batting: Graham Gooch", "text": "KOLKATA: The controversy over the Eden pitch and its curator may have lost steam but the last word on the playing surface is yet to be heard. By the looks of it, MS Dhoni and his men are unlikely to be presented a track that yields turn from Day One.That won't be music to the ears of the Indian captain, who has cried himself hoarse asking for a square turner at all match venues, ostensibly to negate the advantage of winning the toss. But ask Graham Gooch about the controversy, and the England batting coach is all praise for the Eden track.\"I had a look at the pitch, it looks like a good batting track... both teams will have to fight hard to win the match, and that's how it should be,\" Gooch said bluntly at the end of a tennis 'friendly' with Andy Flower at the Calcutta South Club on Monday afternoon.To drive home his point, the England batting coach compared the red clay court at the South Club with the Wankhede pitch. \"The ball spins and bounces here like at the Wankhede... it won't be like this at the Eden,\" the 59-year-old former captain said.As far as Gooch is concerned, Mumbai is history. \"It's unlikely this one will end in three or four days,\" Gooch chuckled.Atherton not allowed to inspect pitchEden Gardens curator Prabir Mukherjee shooed away Mike Atherton (above) on Monday when the former England captain ventured to the middle in order to have a good look at the pitch. On seeing Atherton, who is here as a journalist, walk towards the main pitch along with a fellow-scribe during the English team's practice session on Monday, Mukherjee tried to draw the attention of the duo.After he failed do so, Mukherjee, who was sitting near the boundary line with BCCI's East Zone curator Ashish Bhowmick, immediately rushed to the middle and stopped the duo from proceeding further. Atherton looked amused by the incident but he and his colleague did not argue. Mukherjee said, \"Nobody but players and officials are allowed inside the playing arena. He (Atherton) may be an ex-England international but he is here as a journalist.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472827", "title": "Aluminium industry at the doorstep of tech revolution", "text": "NAGPUR: Aluminium industry in the world is set to undergo a revolution. The industry can now hope for much cheaper and environment friendly technology. Orbite Aluminae Incorporated (OLI), a private company in Canada, has developed a new process of alumina production. Instead of using bauxite, the conventional ore for aluminium, the new process uses aluminous clay or clay rich in alumina and silica to produce extremely pure alumina that is then converted into aluminium.It is first of its kind technology which may replace the 125-year-old 'Bayer's process' used to produce alumina. The process is a result of almost 12 years of research and has yielded good results on pilot scale. OLI has already patented the process in USA, China and a few other countries. OLI's director sales and marketing, Antoine Charbonneau, told TOI that a one tonne per day plant will start production in January 2013 at Quebec. The company has a market cap of 200 million dollars. The technology will also raise the status of Canadian industry which is already the third largest producer of aluminium in the world. This alumina will largely be used in LEDs equipment market, he said.\"The process is not just economically viable, but the cheapest one so far for alumina production. Interestingly, we won't produce alumina from just clay. The process can be used for alumina production from bauxite, red mud and fly ash in an environmentally responsible way without generating any waste and pollutant,\" said Charbonneau. The process also generates various rare earth elements. OLI has its own bauxite deposits and clay is available in plenty.Charbonneau is in city for the three-day international symposium on Bauxite, Alumina and Aluminium Industry of Asia being organized jointly the International Bauxite, Alumina and Aluminium Society (IBAAS) and Jawaharlal Nehru Research Development and Design Centre (JNARDDC). Charbonneau says that OLI's vision is to change the face of alumina industry by building several high purity alumina (HPA) plants across North America.OLI has signed an MOU with Russian company Rusal . The National Aluminium Company (Nalco) is in the process of negotiating transfer of technology. Canada will also start producing smelter grade alumina by 2015. Ten smelter grade alumina (SGA) plants will be serving Quebec alone. The company will also be licensing the technology to remediate red mud- the largest and most dangerous pollutant generated by aluminium industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17472119", "title": "Canada will sign nuclear deal with India: High commissioner", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"India and Canada will sign a nuclear deal in the coming months paying the way for New Delhi to import uranium and reactors from Ottawa,\" Canadian high commissioner to India Stewart Beck said. He was speaking to TOI on Monday after attending the inauguration of a factory unit of Velan Valves in the city.\"This will allow India to obtain uranium and heavy water reactors from Canada, which will help the country to develop nuclear power,\" he said. The Indian nuclear reactors depend on heavy water reactors which can be obtained from them. The Canadian government is also taking steps to initiate trade and exchange of oil and gas between the two nations.In the next five years, India could get a large quantity of gas and oil, he said.Beck said that Canadian firms were showing a keen interest to invest in India. This is because of the vast market the country offers as well as the skilled labour force the country offers, he added. \"From automobiles to several manufacturing units are setting their plants in India. The skilled labour force here can get things done in much reduced cost than that of Canada,\" he said.The engineering education in Canada is oriented towards problem solving while here it concentrates on components. Moreover, the application of theories are also lacking in India, he said. Their school students are better with the application of the physics and mathematic concepts they learn. However with 50 to 60 students in a class, this may be hard to achieve. Their colleges face this by reducing the number of students in the final year of their graduation by putting them in smaller groups, he said.Beck said the country to develop may have to concentrate on the energy needs of the country.\"Generating energy is a growing challenge for India. Steps have to be taken in the near future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17474896", "title": "Dreams of a loving father shattered", "text": "HUBLI: Muktiyar Jamadar's family is in shock following the death of six-year-old Uzemabanu Jamadar, who was mowed down by a speeding MUV on Monday.Like every parent, Muktiyar too dreamed of giving his daughter a good education. To fulfill his dream, he left Uzemabanu with her grandmother in Koul Peth, near the school. He met his little one every day without fail and plied her with chocolates and sweets.Muktiyar earns his living stitching and repairing gunny bags at the APMC yard and Merchants Street in the city. \"I had big dreams for Uzema. To educate her. Now all my dreams have been shattered,\" he cried.His wife Mumtaz Begaum, gave birth to their fourth child, a son, on Thursday. Just an hour after she was discharged from KIMS hospital, Uzemabanu was killed.Muktiyar says of his three daughters, Uzema was the brightest. \"She was full of questions,\" he says tears welling up.When I last met her, she told me that she wanted a book of rhymes and a drawing book. \"I was planning to buy them this week,\" he said breaking down. \"How do I console my wife. My other two daughters too are shell-shocked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471052", "title": "Cash scheme doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t violate poll code, Congress tells EC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday refuted the charge that its direct cash transfer scheme was aimed at skewing the level-playing field in poll-bound Gujarat, saying that it was not an announcement or promise of a financial grant but only a continuation of the government's efforts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d outlined in the 2012-13 Budget \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to ensure effective delivery of benefits under various existing government schemes.The government, in its response to the Election Commission (EC) on cash transfers sent on Monday, clarified that the direct cash transfers were integral to the Aadhar scheme conceptualized in 2010. It also clarified that the announcement by Union ministers P Chidambaram and Jairam Ramesh on the direct cash transfers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d made from the Congress platform \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were only to \"clarify the government policy and the perceived impact of this delivery mechanism\".The EC on Monday sought some additional clarifications from its legal section and deferred a decision on the matter. The full commission will meet again on Tuesday, Nirvachan Sadan sources said.The government letter, signed by Planning Commission secretary Sindhushree Khullar, quoted from the finance minister's 2012-13 Budget speech, and explained how he had outlined the success of several pilot projects in many states relating to Aadhar-based service delivery mechanism, \"which clearly establishes that the scheme had already been partially operationalized even prior to March 2012\". \"Thus, the proposed pilot in 51 districts is not a new scheme but an extension of the pilot already in place,\" it explained.\"No announcement of any financial grant or a new promise in the nature of a financial benefit has been announced after the coming into force of the model code of conduct on October 3, 2012,\" the government clarified, adding that no beneficiary would receive additional entitlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17472253", "title": "Watch it when you want", "text": "Remember the video cassette recorder (VCR) that allowed us to record audio and video from a television broadcast? Well, today technology has come a long way with Personal Video Recorder (PVR) or Digital Video Recorder (DVR) technology, which has changed the way viewers around the world enjoy broadcast. With its \"you-can-see-it-all possibilities\", users can now pause, record, playback, rewind and fast forward television programs at leisure.DVRs come with high-definition technology promising to revolutionize the way we have been watching television. They make use of different software applications that facilitate in the recording of TV content and allow transferring real-time data to hard disk, memory card, USB flash drive and even external devices like pen drive or external memory stick.The magic box (DVR) is a small apparatus attached with the TV set and can work independently once the commands are fed. These also have in-built wifi and bluetooth facility that allow recorded programs to be viewed on smartphone or laptop, while sitting at a good distance from the DVR box.\"My cousin living in US sent me a DVR. I just had to make some basic changes in its hardware to make it suitable for Indian television sets. Now whenever I am out, I fix the program to record my daily soaps and live talent shows,\" Surabhi Mishra, 32, a homemaker and resident of Mohali, told TOI.DVRs fall under the category of consumer electronics goods and are also famously known as personal video recorder. However, the technology is slowly but gradually picking up in India as the market right now is only confined to the dual boxes offered by direct-to-home service (DTH) and local cable operators.Somesh Ghai, who sells imported DVRs in Chandigarh and Punjab, revealed, \"In India, consumers are dependent only on direct-to-home services or cable operators that offer dual boxes - with STB (set top box) cards that allow recording of TV contents. But there are almost negligible independent operators that offer DVRs. Dual boxes do not match DVRs as the latter come with plethora of options and features. Nevertheless, the DVR market is very big and has a lot of potential.\"Available for freeMany DVR applications and software are available free of cost for various platforms like Linux , Mac OS, Android , Windows, Media-portal and Cyber-link. However, some advanced versions of these applications are paid where customers can buy monthly or yearly packages at very nominal rates.Privacy concernsDespite of the fact that DVR is one of the most user-friendly technology, concerns have been expressed over privacy. While downloading and recording data the DVRs also send the trends of viewing habits of the users; including details of everything that was watched like time, content and channel, to the companies. It can also transmit details like how many times a particular scene or episode was replayed by the user.DVR companies in the US and Europe had received flak from various sections when in 2009 they made information public on how many times the users had replayed the wardrobe malfunction of a US super-model. Similarly, many users left perplexed when the detailed information regarding the number of users who replayed the leaked scenes of a Hollywood movie before its release in 2008.Normally, DVR companies defend by saying that they access this data for their own research but allegations were made that this content was also being sold to different advertisement companies.Stunning featuresDVR comes with an option of one-touch recording and a user can record future programs by feeding the appropriate option on the electronic program guidesOne can record particular episodes, full series and differentiate them in the categories of different actors and genresDVRs also help to remove the advertisement overdose as there are many channels that have normally 10 to 15 minutes breaks in between films and serials. DVRs can remove this frustrating experience by either removing the ad breaks or by cluttering themDVRs can record live telecast in high-definition; they can also pause and replay interesting scenes even in the live telecast of a program. They allow independent search across TV, cable, web and play user's personal music library, YouTube videos and users can also access web-based photo servicesIndulgence in sportsAs the indulgence of current Indian generation is growing in sports beyond cricket, so this facility has become widely popular. With most of the live matches scheduled according to US or Euro time, with DVRs these can be recorded and watched again by the viewers at their comfortable time.Smart DVRs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472254", "title": "Pune adds 1,000 cases of underweight children a month", "text": "PUNE: Lurking in the shadows of a rapidly expanding and a glitzy Pune is a grim reality. The district of Pune (rural, tribal and urban areas) is adding 1,000 new cases of underweight children each month, the numbers showing a disturbingly consistent rise as per a recent government data on the health of state's children in the 0-5 age group. On the upside, the data showed that there was an overall dip, albeit marginal, in the number of underweight children in Maharashtra.The data was collected from 95,700 anganwadis and 10,000 mini anganwadis across the state and it showed a decline in the total number of moderately and severely underweight children (see box - State makes slight progress). The findings for Pune district, however, were not encouraging (see box - Pune's malnourished children) with as many as 100 cases surfacing each month during the three-month period of May to July, 2012. And like last year's findings, more malnutrition cases were found in urban slums, officials said. 'Severely underweight' as well as 'moderately underweight' categories can include both acute and chronically malnourished children.The data was collected from anganwadis that were entrusted with the job of regularly measuring the weight of children to determine if they were underweight. The age and weight are plotted on the World Health Organization (WHO) charts.Speaking of the entire state's figures in general, an official from the Integrated Child Development Sevices Programme (ICDS), said: \"The data is compiled at the anganwadis and later consolidated at the circle level. It is then sent to the ICDS. Malnutrition is more of a social problem, instead of being the result of dearth of food. For instance, in Marathwada , girls are married at the age of 15 to 16 years, which later leads to birth of under-weight children. Frequent deliveries aggravate this problem.\"Officials said early marriage of girls, poor health of mothers, lack of breast feeding, absence of health sensitization and superstitions are some of the reasons driving malnutrition among children in the state. Lack of health sensitization as well as superstitions in tribal areas make the problem of malnutrition severe. \"Sick mothers and children are taken to traditional doctors instead of medical practitioners. Another reason for malnutrition is the mother not following the stipulated breast feeding pattern. Children up to six months require exclusive breast feeding. Those who are above six months should be given weaning foods. These norms are not followed, leading to malnutrition in children,\" the official said.Officials said that the ICDS and the health department have started various schemes to address the problem of malnutrition. \"The SABLA scheme aims at empowering adolescent girls of 11-18 years by improving their nutritional and health status, life skills and vocational skills. The idea is to help the girl child become a healthy mother in the future. The girls are provided information on health and family welfare, hygiene and guidance on public services.\" he said.The ministry of women and child development (MWCD) has formulated another scheme for pregnant and lactating mothers called the 'Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahyog Yojana' to reduce malnutrition and maternal and child deaths. It aims to promote appropriate practices, care and service utilization during pregnancy, safe delivery and lactation, the official said.An official from the health department, Pune, claimed that malnutrition has reduced in the state. \"The 'stunting' type of malnutrition has reduced specifically. 'Severely underweight' and 'moderately underweight' categories can include acute and chronically malnutritioned children. An acute malnutritioned child is nine times more prone to mortality. So, the key interventions have to be targeted at the acutely malnourished children, while trying to reduce infant mortality,\" the official said.Activists working in the field of nutrition say the state figures have improved largely because of better communication between the government and people leading to better awareness. Mohan Deshpande, founder of ngo Aarogya Bhaan (ABHA), working in the area of health, particularly malnutrition, among children in the state since the last 23 years, said.However, the problem of malnourishment seems to have increased in Pune district as the strategy of communication between the higher authorities and the poor is different,\" Deshpande said. He pointed out at better gender-sensitivity to tackle the problem as more girls than boys are found malnourished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17471611", "title": "Printed word will never lose its charm", "text": "Kozhikode: Printed books will never lose their charm no matter how many new technology- assisted book formats hit the market, noted writer M T Vasudevan Nair said.Inaugurating the book fair organized by the National Book Trust (NBT) at the Jubilee Hall here on Monday, he said that the surge in the number of book fairs in the state shows that the printed word is here to stay for ever.\"There has been a flurry of activity in the field which has seen the advent of newer formats like e-books and audio books. But these innovations have not been able to make a dent into the market for printed books. They will not be able to replicate the feel, touch smell and the charm of the printed word,\" he said.Delivering the keynote address, A Sethumadhavan, chairman of NBT, said that the Trust will open book promotion centres across the country to promote reading habit among people.\"NBT will set up the promotion centres if the state governments allocate 2,000 sqft of space in a suitable location. The centres can be used for holding book launches, debates and other literary activities,\" he said adding that the state is yet to respond to the proposal though he had written to the state chief secretary and the ministry of culture in this regard.Noted telugu writer, Volga was the chief guest at the function. Prof A K Premajam, mayor Kozhikode corporation presided over the function.As many as 37 publishers are showcasing around one lakh books at the fair. Among the notable publishers participating in the event are Cambridge University, Taylor and Francis, Kendra Sahitya Akademi, Kerala Sahitya Akademi, Childrens Book Trust etc.A seminar on women's writing will be held on December 4. It will be attended by writers, Mini Sukumaran, P Sivakami and Mamata Sagar. A discussion on e-books and online marketing will be held on December 5, which will be attended by M V Sreyamskumar, MLA, Ravi DC, Akshay Pathak, Vinutha Malya and others. A seminar on translation will be held on December 6 and 7 and a children's fair will be held on December 8 and 9. Valedictory function will be inaugurated by Dr M G S Narayanan on December 11 and Thomas Jacob, editorial director of Malayala Manorama, will be the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17470989", "title": "Govt to ease flying blues of disabled", "text": "Mumbai: This could just be the balm that differently abled individuals need in a year that began with one from their community being offloaded from a flight. A government committee has come up with a slew of suggestions on how to make flying a better experience for the disabled.Just ahead of World Disability Day on December 3, the civil aviation ministry forwarded the report prepared by joint secretary Asok Kumar to various government arms and airlines for their feedback.The report was triggered by an incident in February 2012 when Jeeja Ghosh, who is afflicted with cerebral palsy, was offloaded by SpiceJet (See box). A committee was drawn up with experts from the government, the industry as well as various NGOs.The report spells out how ground and airline staff must attend to disabled individuals, the training needed for the staff and how infrastructure can be redesigned. The committee has also recommended that guide dogs be allowed to fly along.Asok Kumar told TOI, \"The report will serve as a framework or reference point.''Rahul Cherian of the Inclusive Planet Centre for Disability Law and Policy and a committee member, said, \"The main point is that we now have clarity on allocation of responsibility among airports and airlines.''Persons with disabilities have to ask airlines for wheelchairs while the ambilift required to transport these is provided by airport authorities. \"This always led to delays for people. Moreover, there is no standardization of wheelchairs. Some airlines have two-wheel chairs while some have four-wheel chairs,'' said the Chennai-based Cherian, whose centre went through similar guidelines adopted by western countries to help draw up the domestic rules.Merry Barua of Delhi-based Action For Autism said, \"The committee report provides a clear flow chart of how things should work for disabled people.''However, not all are hopeful that the committee report will change things drastically for the differently abled in India. Mithu Alur, who founded the Spastics Society of India (now ADAPT), said, \"India is good at making legislation but there is no political will. There never is 'operationalising' of a law, no accountability is worked out or punitive action spelt out.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ankara", "code": "17474679", "title": "NATO experts select missile sites in Turkey", "text": "ANKARA: NATO military experts have selected sites for the deployment of at least three Patriot air defence systems along Turkey's border with Syria.NATO member Turkey formally requested Patriot missiles from the military alliance after weeks of talks with NATO allies about how to shore up security on its 900-km border.Syria is believed to have several hundred surface-to-surface missiles capable of carrying chemical warheads.Damascus has repeatedly stated that it would not use chemical weapons against its own people, but could deploy them to thwart \"external aggression\".According to NATO sources cited by Turkey's private NTV television network, Germany has agreed to provide Ankara with two Patriot PAC-3 systems, while the Netherlands will deliver one Patriot PAC-2 missile system.The missiles will be deployed within a triangular area including the provinces of Gaziantep, Malatya and Diyarbakir in southern and eastern Turkey, CNN-Turk reported.Their deployment is expected to be formally approved during a ministerial meeting of the 28 NATO allies in Brussels Dec 4-5.US Patriot surface-to-air missiles were deployed to Turkey in 1991 and 2003, during the two Gulf Wars. At that time the missiles were provided by the Netherlands.Russia has repeatedly voiced concern about plans to deploy Patriot missiles on Turkey's border with Syria, although Moscow avoided directly criticising Turkey.Russia believes the deployment would mean the direct involvement of NATO forces in the Syrian conflict, further undermining the already unstable situation in the region.Russian President Vladimir Putin will raise the issue at a meeting with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan during his current visit to Turkey, his spokesman Dmitry Peskov said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474878", "title": "'Veera' team is in awe of child actor Bhavesh", "text": "Beyond Dream's new show Veera definitely is a unique show where kids are the main attraction. Wonder kid Bhavesh Balchandani aka Ranvijay is also a part of the show.Ten-year-old Bhavesh is in the limelight for all possible reasons - whether it is his effortless acting or his innocent smile, he has stolen the show. The kid actor has also shown some amazing caliber in handling the new born Veera in the show. Sources from the set reveals that Bhavesh plays with the baby a lot as he has to handle the baby on camera so they know each other quite well.Bhavesh and his family are from Surat and came to Mumbai two years back. Bhavesh has done close to 40 commercials and is the first one to become an actor from his family. According to his parents he is a natural actor who just loves to emote when the camera is on. Sudhanshu Pandey who plays his father in the show says, \"Bhavesh is a child prodigy. One should see his confidence and performance on the sets.\" Producer Yash Patnaik also adds, \"When we cast Bhavesh we were bowled over by his sweet smile and innocent persona which also suits Ranvijay's character.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474614", "title": "Composer turns painter", "text": "Debajyoti Mishra is all set to showcase his artworks from Dec 7He has too many films in his kitty, but work hasn't deterred Debajyoti Mishra from pursuing his passion. The composer, who can paint as well, will soon be exhibiting his artworks. The exhibition will take place in ICCR from December 7. The composer's friend, Subha Mudgal, will be present at the do, apart from many celebrated artists from Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17474036", "title": "GMCH denies plan to set up neuroscience institute", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on Monday clarified that B K Baishya is not the head of neurology department and termed his comments on the college's plan to set up neuroscience institute untrue. In a statement on Monday, GMCH principlal-cum-chief superintendnet K C Saikia and superintendent R Talukdar said, \"No such decision has been taken to set up a separate institute of neuroscience at our level.\"Baishya on Sunday said the GMCH has submitted a proposal to the state government for starting the institute. Reacting to news reports, the two senior GMCH officials said due to some departmental proceedings, Baishya is presently under suspension by the state government. Baishya was the HOD of neurosurgery prior to his suspension by the government on March 23 this year. The GMCH clarified that the college principal is currently holding the charge of administrative head of neurosurgery department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471989", "title": "Insurance company told to pay cost of motorbike, interest", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh State Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission (CSCDRC) has set aside the district forum's order in which they had dismissed the insurance claim of Bilaspur resident on the grounds that his stolen vehicle was not properly \"secured\". The commission directed the insurance company to pay the insurance amount of Rs 31,900 along with interest @ 6% p.a. from the date of filing of the complaint till the date of payment. They were also directed to pay the cost of litigation of Rs 500.In his complaint, Pramod, a resident of Bilaspur stated that his motorcycle (Hero Honda) was insured by IFFCOTOKIO General Insurance Company for the period from July 2007 to July 2008. His vehicle was stolen during this period when he parked his vehicle in Brishpati bazaar, Bilaspur. He immediately informed police and the insurance company. But the company denied the insurance claim on the pretext that proper security arrangements were not followed by the vehicle owner.Pramod filed an appeal against the forum's order before the commission. The commission comprising president Justice S C Vyas and member V K Patil persued records of the district forum and observed that no terms and conditions and nothing has been stated as to what arrangements were required to be made by the insured regarding security of the vehicle.In their judgement, the commission stated that when terms and conditions of the insurance policy have not been filed before the District Forum, then the insurance company cannot take shelter of any such defence that there was violation of any material terms of the insurance policy.The commission stated that the investigator appointed by the insurance company has observed that the vehicle was not properly secured. But, no affidavit of the investigator has been filed and in absence of an affidavit nothing can be justified. Thus, the commission found that no case of leaving the vehicle unsecured by the complainant is made out. The insurance company is liable to pay the sum insured, because of theft of the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17471638", "title": "Police doesn't take action against inspector", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite an inquiry report indicting an inspector for fabricating documents in a criminal case, police top brass haven't acted on the recommendation of stringent measures.On August 25, Joint Commissioner of Police (crime-west) Pronab Mohanty filed the report against Byatarayanapura inspector T Kodandaram stating he had shown serious negligence in the case and should be dealt with under Sections 6 and 8 of the Karnataka State Police (Disciplinary Proceedings) Rules, 1965. The rule stipulates suspension and filing of a criminal case against him as he had allegedly fabricated case documents and ordered closure of a case against two accused by forging the signatures of three officers.Following a complaint by retired sub-inspector C Rangaswamy, an inquiry was ordered against Kodandaram and assistant commissioner of police HM Omkaraiah conducted the probe and found gross negligence while closing a case relating to a raid conducted by a senior officer and his predecessor in 2001.What happenedThe then assistant commissioner of police Sridhar Murthy, now retired, registered a case in JJ Nagar police station after he and his subordinates conducted a raid at AK Automobiles Private Ltd and seized 1,300 litres of contraband 'white petrol'. Police registered a case against company promoters Ayub Khan and Afzal Khan. Both were arrested and sent to judicial custody. The seized sample of white petrol was sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory and its report stated the sample had a wide range of aromatic hydrocarbon solvents.\"The case file does not appear to contain any further record of investigation. Later, both accused, Ayub Khan applied for police verification to obtain a passport,\" said the report. But the pending criminal case prevented him frm getting police clearance for the passport. Kodandaram helped the accused obtain a passport by submitting the closure report. The inspector should have submitted a chargesheet against the accused,\" the report said.The records showed that Kodandaram, while posted at JJ Nagar police station, filed a B report (closure report) to the court stating that his predecessor inspector KP Gopal had submitted a closure report before the court on July 6, 2002. The inquiry further revealed the report submitted contained forged signatures of inspector Gopal and of another inspector who took charge of the police station later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470310", "title": "VIP security a tightrope walk: Former top cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Most find Harish Salve's point indisputable. But former policemen, while they appreciate his argument, also argue that VIPs exist and it's the police's duty to provide them security. They have to constantly walk a tightrope between public inconvenience and protecting the VIPs. The common people, however, are less sympathetic. In a democratic country, they say, a few ministers moving around shouldn't throw traffic completely out of gear.\"During elections, they come right to our doors for votes. Don't they need protection then? Why do they need security while going to funerals?\" asks advocate Manju Sharma who was caught in a jam on Saturday. \"Lawyers couldn't move from Supreme Court to High Court as both Bhairo Marg and Tilak Marg were closed and most matters were adjourned.\"\"It's a very fine balance,\" observes former joint CP (traffic) Maxwell Pereira. \"We can't wish either away. The Delhi Traffic Police has to fine-tune. The wireless systems are excellent today and though traffic has increased, coordination is normally ensured. People could have been informed in advance.\" He also feels that someone as intimately familiar with the workings of the police force as Salve should've have know why things went out of gear.\"There are two sides to the problem,\" says Ajay Raj Sharma, former commissioner of police. \"One, there is no disputing what Harish Salve is saying. The other is the security side. There's a Blue Book listing regulations for the movement of prime ministers and presidents. The local police can't change that, but the government can.\" Sharma argues for a \"compromise formula\". There should be \"emergency lanes\" for the use of fire brigades, ambulances and relief supplies in areas where it is possible to have them. \"The same can be used for VIP movement,\" he says, \"Then the waiting period for public vehicles could be reduced to a minimum. In certain countries, it's three-four minutes. I don't think the public will begrudge a few minutes of stop, and the longer the stop, the bigger will be the jam.\" He suggests \u00e2\u20ac\u201d along with Salve \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the creation of helipads wherever possible, so that road travel is further reduced.Road traffic expert K K Kapila believes that timely issue of traffic advisories and \"reducing the period over which people are stopped,\" especially, \"when you know the route and the timing,\" can help immensely.Sociologist Yogendra Singh finds the practice of stopping traffic for VIPs \"colonial\". \"Security can be efficient but invisible, without having the entire police and constabulary lined up on the roads. Police can't do this without the support of the politician,\" he observes, \"In a maturing democracy, citizens have the right to priority. Causing them inconvenience by giving VIPs priority of passage is very colonial.\"Interestingly, Sharma agrees. He points out that the police are governed by the Police Act of 1861. \"It was created by the British to help continue the Raj. There is no concern for the common man in that,\" he says, \"Many have demanded reform that makes police accountable to the public but that initiative is with the government. Chief ministers want the police as puppets. I would ask Salve to get to root of the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471679", "title": "India, Pak panels discuss ways to resolve Sir Creek dispute", "text": "NEW DELHI: After two days of busy and often heated discussions, a meeting of former diplomats, army and navy officers, and peace activists concluded on Monday with a framework to resolve the Sir Creek dispute which, along with Siachen and Kashmir, is one of the three main territorial thorns in India-Pakistan relations.The Aman Ki Asha strategic seminar concluded with experts underlining that despite the existing impasse even after several bilateral meetings, the Sir Creek issue was not intractable.\"The solution is complex because of historical hostilities and linkages to other more weighty issues,'' a statement said, while pointing out that a successful survey was carried out in 2007.The proposals on which both sides agreed included de-linking the maritime boundary from that of land and delineation from seaward to a point where both sides concur.It was also proposed and agreed upon that the non-delineated area be declared a free zone, or a maritime sensitive zone, or even wetland of significance, or be turned into a jointly administered maritime park.\"The non-delineated area (Sir Creek and approaches) may also be designated a 'zone of disengagement' straddling the maritime boundary in which fishermen from the two countries would be permitted (under licence) to fish without fear of arrest and subsequent incarceration,\" it was proposed.The experts highlighted that as long as shore points are mutually acceptable to both sides, the boundary line delineated using the angular bisection method will undergo only minimal changes when the final baselines are established.Experts propose joint scientific centre in SiachenThe Aman Ki Asha strategic seminar on Monday saw several proposals being offered to resolve the Siachen issue. It was proposed that a comprehensive resolution be worked out and that the two sides should consider redeployment from the area despite territorial claims while retaining the option of punitive action should the other side renege on the commitments agreed upon.One of the proposals suggested a seven-point sequential formula for Siachen. The formula called for the setting up of a joint civilian commission to delineate the line beyond the point where it remains unmarked, besides a joint military commission to demarcate and authenticate the actual ground position line (AGPL) on the ground and maps.The determination of the places to which redeployment will be effected would be jointly agreed on, it said, while adding that disengagement and demilitarization would occur in accordance with a mutually acceptable time frame.The formula called on each side to remove munitions and other military equipment and waste from areas under their control before withdrawal. It said the ongoing cooperative monitoring of all these activities and of the resulting demilitarized zone would be agreed to ensure/assure transparency.The experts proposed a joint scientific centre in the area for environmental studies while stressing on the need to resolve the issue bilaterally in line with the Simla Agreement and the Lahore Declaration without any change in the area's status.Besides this, the experts called for the establishment of a joint working group to recommend detailed redeployment and oversee implementation of the process with variability in process likely due to changing weather conditions.They also called for force disengagement during summer besides determination of place(s) to which redeployment will be effected along with the timeframe and mechanism for joint management of the demilitarized zone as recommended by the joint working group.The formula proposed the primary monitoring and verification mechanisms to be both bilateral and cooperative. \"The two essentials will be monitoring and verification during disengagement and thereafter for the demilitarized zone to ensure no re-occupation of the glacier.''The participants agreed that an in-depth Kashmir conference be held to discuss all socio-political, economic aspects on the issue to arrive at major conclusions and practical recommendations.Times ViewThe proposals that emerged from the discussions at this seminar may not be entirely acceptable to governments on either side of the border. However, they do highlight the fact that contrary to public perception it is not impossible to come up with solutions. That is the spirit in which governments on both sides of the border should view this exercise. We hope that these proposals will provide a good starting point for them to arrive at solutions to problems that have held both countries back from realising their full potential. At the very least, they should help dispel some of the despair that creeps into discussions on Indo-Pak ties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474598", "title": "'Sivaji 3D' first Indian film with Dolby Atmos", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth-starrer Tamil political-thriller Sivaji 3D will be India's first film to be released with Dolby Atmos, a new audio platform that will change the experience of sound and transport audiences into the story with a lifelike, sensory experience. Sivaji 3D, which is directed by S Shankar, opens in cinemas on December 12, on Rajinikanth's 62nd birthday.\"It is one of our most significant innovations in recent years and represents the future of entertainment,\" said Pankaj Kedia, country manager, Dolby Laboratories, in a statement.Serene, Sathyam Cinemas is the first theatre India to have Dolby Atmos., which is one of the most significant development in recent past. It delivers more natural and realistic soundfield, transporting audience into the story with a lifelike sensory experience.SPI Cinemas have been the pioneer in bringing advanced technologies to India always.Earlier Sathyam Cinemas became the first theatre to have Auro 3D audio format (for Kamal Hassan's Vishwaroopam) that delivers a full three-dimensional sound spread capable of reproducing natural acoustic space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17474873", "title": "Congress MPs from Telangana boycott party meeting on FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Keeping Congress on tenterhooks on their strategy during the crucial FDI vote on Wednesday, eight party MPs from Telangana region in Andhra Pradesh on Tuesday boycotted a meeting called by party floor leaders in Parliament to seek their assurances on participation in the debate.The MPs, who have been openly protesting against the Congress and the UPA government on the non-decision over contentious Telangana statehood demand, also kept the question of skipping the vote tomorrow open saying a decision on this would be taken only tomorrow.The meeting was called by home minister and Leader of Lok Sabha Sushilkumar Shinde and parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath to seek their assurances on their vote in favour of the government.However, only two Union ministers - S Jaipal Reddy, Sarvey Satyanarayana and Balram Naik - attended the meeting on Tuesday morning.\"We boycotted the meeting. We did not want to go,\" Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar said.His colleague and Nizamabad MP Madhu Goud Yaskhi also spoke in a similar vein when he said they decided unanimously to boycott the meeting called by party leaders.The meeting was called today after Prabhakar had indicated on Monday that they could abstain themselves from the vote in protest against the Centre's delay in announcing the formation of a state.On whether they would participate in the debate today and vote on Wednesday, the two MPs were evasive, saying, \"it will be decided tomorrow.\"The Congress has also issued a three-line whip asking its MPs to be present in Parliament and vote in favour of the government.If the Telangana MPs abstain from voting, they risk facing action from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472208", "title": "Girl accuses stepfather of rape", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 14-year-old Class V student studying in Manimajra on Monday, accused her stepfather of raping her.Accused Sushil Kumar, 32, is absconding and an FIR was registered against him following the statement of the victim girl on Monday.The minor girl was raped when her mother was out of station. She narrated the sequence of events to her mother when she returned on Sunday night.In her statement to police, the victim also alleged that her stepfather had raped her twice earlier - once on the eve of Holi and again on the eve of Dussehra this year - in the absence of her mother. Her medical confirmed the rape allegations and her clothes would be sent to CFSL-36 for forensic examination.Manimajra SHO Ramesh Vinayak said it is the first such incident where a minor rape victim appeared before the police and recorded her statement against the accused in the presence of women cops.\"We have witnessed many cases of crime against children registered on the statements of their parents, but this is the other way around,\" he said. The accused father's mobile phone location is being traced to track him down, the SHO added.Victim's mother had divorced her first husband and had married accused Sushil Kumar around eight years ago, but she was childless from her second husband. She had gone to a religious place leaving her daughter under Sushil's care.Heated arguments and scuffle was witnessed between husband and wife inside their house when the girl had disclosed the crime of her stepfather before her mother on Sunday night. The mother of victim also thrashed accused Sushil and she approached the police through police control room on Monday. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471706", "title": "60% women in Bihar are aware of AIDS", "text": "PATNA: On the front of AIDS, the Union government's Annual Health Survey released recently has some good news for Bihar - that three in every five married women in Bihar are aware of AIDS. Therefore, around 64.3% of total married women in the state are unlikely to ever fall 'bimar' due to AIDS.The awareness level of HIV and AIDS among married women population in some other states is Uttarakhand (87.2%), Orissa (80.6%), Rajasthan (80.5%), Assam (71.5%) and Uttar Pradesh (67.5%). Thus, Bihar ranks sixth in this regard in the country, with Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand ranking lower.The survey, which was conducted in 37 districts of the state, has also discovered that Sitamarhi district tops in awareness with 85% of the married women well acquainted with AIDS, HIV, their symptoms and causes. The state capital is far behind Sitamarhi, with only 76.9% married women being aware, thereby gaining the fifth position in the list. The other districts which are ahead of Patna are Araria, East Champaran and Madhubani, where 79.9%, 79.5% and 77.4% of women population respectively know about the disease.The districts far lower in the list are Sheikhpura, Gaya, Banka, Supaul and Madhepura, where not even half of the married women population is aware of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17472063", "title": "Mangalore tops crime rate but Bangalore way ahead in incidents", "text": "BANGALORE: Mangalore city shares the dubious distinction of having the state's highest crime rate -- the incidence of crime for every 1 lakh of population - in 2011. But, Bangalore city is ahead in terms of the number of crimes, according to a study by the State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB).The good news is that there's been a decline in the overall incidence of crime in the state compared to the previous year.The data pertain to crimes registered under the provisions of the Indian Penal Code like murder, robbery, dacoity and rape, among other things. It doesn't include crime covered by special laws like those related to dowry and money-lending, passports and arms and explosives.The study covered the four police commissionerates and all the districts in the state. The highest crime rate was reported from Mangalore city (582.85), followed by Bangalore city (343.70), Mysore city (270.92) and Hubli-Dharwad (259.28).But in absolute numbers, Bangalore city reported the most (32,954 IPC) cases, followed by Mysore city (3,354), Hubli-Dharwad (2,445) and Mangalore city (2821). Bangalore also accounted for 22% of the total crimes in the state.In all, 1,37,600 IPC cases were reported from the state, a marked dip as the previous year this number was 1,42,322.About 1,820 murders were reported from the state. Bangalore city with 232 murders topped this list, followed by Belgaum (136), Bangalore district (105), Tumkur (101), Gulbarga (93), Ramanagaram (75) and Mandya (71).Fewer murders were reported from KGF (14), Udupi (22) and Mangalore city (22), the study said.Of the 214 dacoities in the state, Bangalore city accounted for the most with 43, followed by Bangalore district (18), Tumkur and Ramangaram districts (13 each) and Shimoga, Hassan and Mysore districts (10 each).KGF, Davanagere, Udupi and Karwar accounted for a dacoity each, while no such incident was reported in Dharwad and Gadag districts.In robberies too, Bangalore city stood on the top, reporting 783 of the 2123 cases registered in the state. Following the state capital were Mysore city (196), Hassan (99), Tumkur (89), Belgaum (83), Gulbarga (83) and Bangalore district (81).Gadag and Yadgir districts accounted for seven robberies, Dharwad six and and Karwar two.In case of house break-in thefts (HBT) too, the pattern did not change. Of the 6,136 burglaries in the state, Bangalore city accounted for (1313), followed by Mandya (307), Hassan (290), Belgaum (284), Bangalore district (277), Tumkur (248) and Gulbarga (252).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17475369", "title": "XLRI's film promotion event a roaring success", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: For the first time, the Marketing Association of XLRI ( MAXI) organized 'Blockbuster' - an event covering all aspects of film promotion. This one-of-a-kind marketing show was held in association with media conglomerate Viacom 18, which has to its credit hits like Gangs of Wasseypur, Jab We Met and Ghajini.The format of the event was unique and was aimed at giving the participants a hands-on experience of the sales and marketing process of a movie. The competition commenced with an auction, wherein the participating teams had to bid for the movies of their choice as well as for advertising spots. The movies on offer included short-films under the banner from famous movie franchises like Ice Age, Kung-Fu Panda, Titanic, Tintin, Mr Bean and Public Enemies.Post the assignment of films, the teams had to bid for the various marketing campaigns they would use to promote and publicize their films. Despite the limited budget allowed for advertising, the teams outdid themselves in the quest to grab maximum eyeballs. This was followed by the screening of the short-film in air-conditioned halls, with popcorns and refreshments, all aimed at replicating a multiplex experience.The teams were judged on the basis of their creativity and efficacy of their marketing strategy as well as the audience size they garnered for their respective screenings. The marketing head of Viacom 18 and eminent marketing faculty were roped in to judge the performances. \"From the use of online media channels to using college students as brand ambassadors, the participants made full use of their resourcefulness to advertise their films,\" said one of the participants.Other initiatives included inserting flyers with the day's newspaper, putting up giant banners, spraying artificial snow, on-ground activities like games and puzzles and even creating Batman's spotlight to generate the maximum on-campus buzz. With movies, popcorn, fake 'black-ticket' dealers and oodles of fun, 'Blockbuster' helped demonstrate the amount of planning which goes behind the marketing of every movie and gave the participants a taste of film promotion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17472590", "title": "Kidnapping: Panchayat boycotts families of 3 accused", "text": "ROHTAK: A social panchayat in Khanpur Khurd village of Jhajjar district has announced to socially boycott families of three youths, who had allegedly lured a minor girl into eloping with them around two weeks back.Accusing their family members of not cooperating with police in tracing the 17-year-old girl, the panchayat announced their social boycott. The panchayat ordered the villagers not to have any relations with these families or even cooperate with them in any way.The panchayat meeting held on Sunday evening and headed by Mahender Singh Gahlot of Bahu village was attended by people from five villages -- Khera Tharu, Khanpur Kalan, Jhamri, Bahu besides Khanpur Khurd.Ravinder Kumar, a member of the social panchayat, told TOI on Monday that these families had failed to provide any clue to the police or girl's family about the whereabouts of youths. \"The panchayat also decided that if any person is found in company of these families, he/she could also face similar punishment. The boycott would continue until the panchayat lifts it,\" he said.On November 17, Ravinder said Deepak, 30, had lured the minor girl, who is a student Class XII in the village school and eloped with the help of two other youths, Manjeet and Surender Pal. The girl's family had lodged a complaint with the police.Meanwhile, police have arrested Surender Pal, one of the accused. Sahlawas police station SHO Surender Singh said, \"One of the accused has been arrested. The girl is still untraceable and we are questioning the arrested youth about her.\" He added that the police had registered a case under sections 363, 366 (kidnapping) of the IPC against three youths named by the girl's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17471630", "title": "Committee formed to preserve corp\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s biodiversity", "text": "Kozhikode: The recent constitution of biodiversity management committee in the Kozhikode Corporation is expected to help the preservation of the rich biodiversity in its limit.The formation of committee last month has brought relief to nature lovers in the corporation limit who have been lamenting over the destruction and encroachment of mangroves by private parties.The committee was formed under the Biological Diversity Act, 2002 and Biological Diversity Rules, 2004 for the documentation, preservation and conservation purpose.It will prepare a register of the biodiversity in the 75 wards of the corporation and will implement projects for the preservation of the bio-diversity rich areas. The formation of biodiversity management committees in the 978 grama panchayats has already been completed in the state.The corporation has forwarded the list of members approved by the corporation council meeting held last month to the Kerala state biodiversity board.The committee will prepare a detailed biodiversity register with the help of local people in the respective wards.The register will have information comprising availability of local resources, their medicinal use and traditional knowledge about it among people. The management committees is also responsible for any topic referred to it by state biodiversity board and maintain the data of the local traditional practitioners who are making use of biological resources.In the Kozhikode Corporation, a committee headed by corporation mayor A K Premajam has been constituted. Kozhikode corporation secretary B K Balaraj is the secretary of the committee. The other members of the six member committee include Dr Jeeja, head of department of Botany, SN College, Dr A B Athira, scientist , Centre for Water Resources and Development (CWRDM), Kozhikode, environmentalists, P A Velayudhan, Dr A Achuthan, former director of Integrated Rural Technology Centre, Prof K Sreedharan and P P Gopalakrishnan.Environment Dr A Achuthan said that the committee will prepare the biodiversity register with the help of college students.\"The move would help the preservation of around 300 sacred groves in the corporation and mangroves at Swapnanagari, Kottuli, Kallai and Elathur and Kallai estuaries. There will be strict action against that those who encroach and destroys the wetlands,\" he said.When contacted, mayor A K Premajam said that the list of members have already been sent for the approval of the government. \"A detailed plan on conservation and preservation of biodiversity will be made in the first meeting of the committee held soon,\" said mayor.It will prepare a register of the biodiversity in the 75 wards of the corporation and will implement projects for the preservation of the bio-diversity rich areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472706", "title": "2 killed while crossing railway tracks near Avadi", "text": "CHENNAI: Two people who were crossing the railway tracks were knocked down by trains in the city on Sunday.A 25-year-old man was run over by the Chennai-Kovai Express on Sunday near Avadi. A woman's body was recovered about 200 metres from the same accident spot. Her identity is yet to be ascertained.Police said Silambarasan was employed in a private company in Ambattur and was crossing the tracks. They suspect he was speaking on the phone and had not seen or heard the approaching train. When the railway police came to move his body to a mortuary for postmortem, they found the body of a woman nearby.A train passes this stretch approximately every 15 minutes. Railway officials said some stretches of railway track have walls alongside but people still trespass on railway property and cross the tracks. Some passengers lean out of the doors while the train is moving, and cause harm to themselves and others. They said many people talk on cell phones and are unaware of approaching trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470488", "title": "Pankaj gets glowing tributes from three Indian cricket captains", "text": "KOLKATA: He played cricket in an age when the Indian team was a split unit comprising eleven individuals who \"happened to be wearing the same cap\". Teams were often selected on provincial considerations rather than cricketing competence. Yet, Pankaj Roy managed to rise above petty politics and a corruption-ridden system through sheer grit, determination and on the strength of the innumerable long innings which he played without the protection of a helmet and on uncovered, treacherous tracks.Three Indian captains, past and present - Sourav Ganguly , Sachin Tendulkar and Mahendra Singh Dhoni - paid glowing tributes to the former opener, also considered to be Bengal cricket's first big icon, on Monday. Although none of them saw him play, Roy's record was enough to earn him a place in the annals of Indian cricket, they felt.Little Master Tendulkar said he wished he had seen him bat. \"I have heard stories about him from my Bengal friends. And I have seen the great impact he had on others' careers,\" said Tendulkar.Recalling his association with Roy, Dhoni said he was lucky to have interacted with the former opener on a few occasions as an under-19 player. \"Even though Pankaj Roy was known to me more as Fucha-da's (son Pranab Roy) father, I did listen to him talk on cricket. His views on the game were obviously different, for he belonged to a different era. But his knowledge was unquestionable,\" said Dhoni.When he was growing up, said Saurav Ganguly, there was no bigger icon in Bengal cricket than Roy. \"When I started playing competitive cricket, Pranab-da was the captain of Bengal. We looked up to him in awe, for he was Pankaj-da's son. I have grown up hearing stories of his heroic deeds on the cricket field. And, of course, I interacted with him later. It's incredible how he played fast bowlers without helmet and with glasses on. I know, for I had the luxury of using contact-lenses. It must have been so difficult to play fast bowlers with glasses,\" said Ganguly.Several members of the Indian team, including Virendra Sehwag, Zaheer Khan and Yuvraj Singh , were present at the programme, where Tendulkar released a biography of Roy titled 'Pankaj: Bengal Cricket's Forgotten Hero'. The book has been written by Gautam Bhattacharya and edited by Pranab Roy.\"It's nice to see his biography, for it would tell cricket-lovers so many untold stories of his career. A lot more would be known about the great man,\" said Tendulkar. Dhoni said he was looking forward to reading the book, \"for Roy played at a time when the media wasn't so active and there was no Google.\" He added: \"There must be many inspiring stories that have remained untold. Some of them must also be entertaining, for fun is something that you can't take away from cricket.\"\"Unfortunately, we have never got to know about his struggle and his early days which makes this biography important,\" Ganguly pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17474843", "title": "Truck-tanker collision on Vijapur road kills 5", "text": "PALANPUR: Five persons were killed and two others were critically injured when a truck collided with a milk tanker on Mehsana-Vijapur Road on Sunday.Sources said the truck driver lost control over his vehicle after one of its rear tyres burst.The tanker was being used for transportation of milk of Dudhsagar Dairy. Sources said four of the deceased were traveling in the truck.Those killed have been identified as cleaner of the tanker Bhavji Chaudhary, truck driver Madansinh Rana, Parhaladji Thakore, Babuji Thakore and Takhuji Thakore. All of them are residents of Mehsana district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17475158", "title": "Govt confident that motion against FDI will be defeated in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing confidence that the motion against FDI will be defeated in Parliament, the government hoped that parties will see through the \"politics\" of BJP and vote accordingly.\"I am confident that the motion moved by BJP in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha will be rejected... I am urging all parties not to subscribe to the politics of BJP,\" parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath told reporters here on Tuesday.To a question on support by SP and BSP, he said he was confident that political parties will see through the politics of BJP.\"They may oppose FDI. It is for the states to decide. I am confident that parties will see through the politics of BJP... We have the numbers,\" he said.His remarks came ahead of Lok Sabha taking up a motion against FDI in multi-brand retail under a rule which entails voting.Cong MPs from Telangana boycott party meeting on FDIKeeping Congress on tenterhooks on their strategy during the crucial FDI vote, eight party MPs from Telangana region in Andhra Pradesh boycotted a meeting called by party floor leaders in Parliament to seek their assurances on participation in the debate.The MPs, who have been openly protesting against the Congress and the UPA Government on the non-decision over contentious Telangana statehood demand, also kept the question of skipping the vote open by saying a decision on this would be taken only on Wednesday.The meeting was called by home minister and leader of Lok Sabha Sushilkumar Shinde and parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath to seek their assurances on their vote in favour of the government.However, only two Union ministers - S Jaipal Reddy, Sarvey Satyanarayana and Balram Naik - attended the meeting on Tuesday morning.\"We boycotted the meeting. We did not want to go,\" Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar told PTI.His colleague and Nizamabad MP Madhu Goud Yaskhi also spoke in a similar vein when he said they decided unanimously to boycott the meeting called by party leaders.The meeting was called after Prabhakar had indicated on Monday that they could abstain themselves from the vote in protest against the Centre's delay in announcing the formation of a state.On whether they would participate in the debate on Tuesday and vote Wednesday, the two MPs were evasive, saying, \"it will be decided tomorrow.\"The Congress has also issued a three-line whip asking its MPs to be present in Parliament and vote in favour of the government.If the Telangana MPs abstain from voting, they risk facing action from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17472418", "title": "In Santhipuram, faith is Rs 12cr family affair", "text": "KOTTAYAM: If you can value faith in rupee terms, this one is worth Rs 12 crore and some more. That's what Parappukadu Family Trust is investing in building a brand new temple complex for Lord Shiva in a small village called Santhipuram near Karukachal in Kottayam district.The project, which is in its finishing stages, has been completely funded by the Parappukadu family that boasts of about a dozen doctors and half a dozen engineers, mostly based in the US.\"We decided to construct the new temple in place of the old family temple 12 years ago after being advised by the family astrologer. The whole expense is being met by family members. The initial estimate of the project was 10-12 crore, but it will be slightly more when it is completed,\" said Rajendran Nair, the managing trustee.Rajendran runs a software company in Technopark in Thiruvanathapuram along with one of his brothers who is in the US.The temple is located in a two-acre plot owned by the family. It has four towers (gopurams) with the main one 82 feet high. Though the temple has been constructed in Tamil style, the rituals will be typical of Kerala. Sculptors from Thanjavur were employed for building the temple. The idol of the main deity has been carved from a single stone. The late Chenkottukonam Satyananda Saraswathy Swamy was the main consultant for the project, while Kanippayyoor Krishnan Namboothiri was the 'vastu' consultant.The family is also planning to start a super speciality hospital. \"Since we have many doctors in the family, we will start a hospital here in the future,\" said Nair.The place has also the potential to develop into a Sabarimala pilgrim shelter, he said. \"People have already started coming to see the temple. The temple is 12km from Chanaganassery and 6km from Karukachal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471974", "title": "Raipur Municipal Corporation starts shelter homes for poor", "text": "RAIPUR: Raipur Municipal Corporation, like every year has started its six shelter homes for the homeless and very poor persons in various parts of the city.The initiative called 'Rain Basera' provides shelter to the homeless and poor people to protect them in winter season. Acting on the instructions of RMC commissioner T P Sinha, the Rain Basera camps have been set up at Santoshi Nagar, Tarun Nagar, near Vivekanand Ashram, Sanjay Nagar and other areas.In another activity, RMC spokesperson Sanjay Srivastava announced to begin work on Shankar Nagar children's playground's facelift. An amount of Rs 12 lakh has been sanctioned for the work. Srivastava said that construction of boundary wall and pathway in the garden would be done on the priority basis.RMC is also conducting its encroachment drive in several parts of the city. A team of RMC officials removed about 20 illegal encroachments from Trimurti Nagar. The drive was also conducted at Sadar Bazaar, Kotwali, Sharda Chowk, Banjari Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17474925", "title": "Belligerent sugar ryots set for a showdown", "text": "BELGAUM: Taking a cue from their Maharashtra counterparts, sugar farmers in the state's sugar bowl are all set for a confrontation. Farmers' associations agitating for higher cane prices have threatened to lay siege to Suvarna Vidhana Soudha on December 5, the first day of the legislature session. Farmers are seeking Rs 3,000 per tonne from sugar mills. Mill owners have rejected the demand calling it unscientific.According to Kurubu Shanthakumar, state president of Sugarcane Growers' Association, when sugar prices in the international market was around Rs 2,400 per quintal last year, factories in North Karnataka had given Rs 2,000- 2,300 per ton. Hence, factories should be able to pay Rs 3,000 this year, as sugar prices are still rising.K T Gangadhar, another farmer leader, says, if state advisory price (SAP) is implemented farmers will get more than Rs 3,000 per ton. Cane prices in SAP implemented states for 8.5% sugar recovery is as follows- Uttar Pradesh- Rs 2,700, Punjab- Rs 2,850, Haryana- Rs 3,000 and Uttaranchal- Rs 2,800. \"An average sugar recovery in N-K around 11%,\" he adds.Kodihalli Chandrashekhar, state president of Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangh, speaking to TOI claimed that minister Umesh Katti was not interested in implementing SAP.\"I'm a member of the committee constituted for SAP implementation. Whenever we attend the meeting, Katti skips SAP discussions and drag his feet on the issue,\" he alleged.Unscientific demandMost of the factories have already announced Rs 2,500 per tonne in N-K region. Satish Sugar's chairman MLA Satish Jarkiholi says the demand of Rs 3,000 per tonne is unscientific.While the sugar price in the international market is around Rs 3,000-3,200 per quintal, the announced price was fair and competitive compared to factories in Maharashtra.Jarkiholi also said sugar recovery percentage in Maharashtra was 13-14% while in N-K it falls to 10-11%.Says Rajya Sabha MP Prabhakar Kore: \"paying Rs 2,500 is a loss to factories. This price was fixed due to shortage of sugarcane and drought this year. We need to compensate this loss.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472741", "title": "Gaps show in suburban railway security", "text": "CHENNAI: There was no sign of increased vigil at Mambalam railway station on Monday, a day after a gelatin stick-like object in a garbage bin triggered a bomb scare. Similar was the scene at a majority of the suburban stations along the busy Beach-Tambaram stretch used by more than 4 lakh commuters every day.Interrupted fund flow and procedural delays have kept on paper the railways' plans for comprehensive security cover for the suburban railway stations. With the anniversary of Babri Masjid demolition approaching, Railway Protection Force (RPF) and state government's railway police are focusing more on monitoring Central and Egmore, the two big railway stations in the city. CCTV cameras have been installed at Beach, Mambalam and Tambaram, but the 16 other suburban stations don't have such a facility. Of the two CCTVs installed at Mambalam, an advertisement board obstructs the view of a camera installed near a foot-over bridge while another camera near the ticket counter is defunct. Sunday's discovery of the explosive-like object with a wick at one end was in a part of Mambalam station not covered by the CCTV system.In the Chennai-Arakonam stretch, only the Moore Market Complex station and Basin Bridge station have cameras while there are none in the Gummidipoondi stretch.Personnel from four RPF units - Mambalam, St Thomas Mount, Egmore and Tambaram \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have to monitor stations on the Beach-Tambaram stretch. \"We have identified vulnerable stations in terms of crime against commuters and threats to railway property. We have deployed our men on trains. CCTVs are going to be upgraded at Mambalam and more will be installed at other stations,\" said a senior official. Providing security at suburban stations is not easy for RPF and railway police because the stations are open on all sides and commuters do not follow a regular path to enter and exit stations. \"It is impossible to use door frame metal detectors at suburban stations because commuters often use foot over bridges. Many hop across railway tracks and exit stations through broken walls,\" said an RPF official.Southern Railway recently introduced a security system by which CCTV camera feeds of Chennai Central, Madras Moore Market Complex, Egmore and Basin Bridge stations can be monitored from a control room at Central.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17472123", "title": "Badaga language not a dialect of Kannada, claims French linguistic scholar", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: \"The Badaga language, widely believed to be a dialect of Kannada, was the language of communication of ancient South Dravidians and shares similarities with the local Alu Kurumba tongue,\" said Christiane Pilot-Raichoor, a linguistic French scholar from LACITO, a scientific research centre in Paris. She was in town recently to do some research work.\"Today, it is recognized as a separate language,\" said Pilot-Raichoor, who has been working on the linguistic heritage of the Badaga language for the past two decades. According to her, there are too many important differences in the phonology and the grammar, differences in gender system, case system, verb classes, to claim a genetic relationship between Kannada and Badaga languages.\"Once our minds are freed from the idea that Badaga is a dialect of Kannada, it may become possible to consider more objectively the Alu Kurumba-Badaga linguistic relationship,\" she said. Alu Kurumba shares most of the characteristic Nilgiri features including verb peculiarities of Badaga language. \"Whatever resemblance it has to Kannada points to early medieval and older forms of the language. The core grammar in the Badaga language converges with other Nilgiris languages which can be traced to early south Dravidian features,\" she explained.According to her research paper published recently in the Encyclopedia of Nilgiris, edited by international anthropologist Paul Hockings, a professor in the United States , there are evident, but isolated and non-systematic coincidences between Badaga and Alu Kurumba.Hence, the four traditional communities of the Nilgiris, Todas, Kotas, Alu Kurumbas and Badagas retain their morphology and categorical distinctions, some very archaic features, which give them an overall grammatical homogeneity, according to her. It is evident from her research that the Badaga community was created in the Nilgiris with small local groups in ancient times. LACITO in Paris houses numerous varieties of Badaga stories and songs collected over the past two decades by Pilot-Raichoor.Rev P K Mulley, a clergyman of CSI in Kotagiri, and a freelance investigator of the Nilgiris for more than three decades, said that even before Pilot-Raichoor could arrive at it, he always knew that the Badaga community evolved from the Nilgiris. The retroflex sounds of the Badaga language are unique, he said. This uniqueness has been authenticated in the book 'Sounds of the World's Languages,' published in 1996. Mulley also stresses for 'palato-graphic' investigation and audio recording of the sounds of the language.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17473730", "title": "School for deaf &amp; dumb to be upgraded", "text": "GUWAHATI: Coinciding with World Disability Day, social welfare minister Akon Bora on Monday announced that one of the oldest schools in the city for deaf and dumb, the Government BDS Deaf and Dumb school situated at Kahilipara, will be upgraded to higher secondary level.While addressing the gathering, the minister said, \"The proposal is under process and very soon higher secondary classes will be opened in the school. We are also planning to upgrade the school by implementing modern and improvised teaching techniques.\"Deputy director of women and child welfare Urmila Das said, \"Government BDS Deaf and Dumb School was established in 1868. The school is under the social welfare department and everything is looked after by us. There are 332 students and 20 teachers. Now, we are planning to extend the classes from Class 10 to 12.\"While the minister is planning to upgrade the school, another school situated in a remote corner of the city is in a shambles. Pradip Kumar Saikia School for Special Children, which was established in 1973, is still awaiting development. The school has 20 students.Headmistress of the school, RajLakshmi Saikia Lahon, said, \"We are facing a lot of problems as there is only one classroom and students from Class 1 to 10 are taught in one class. We give Rs 600 to every teacher and the money is managed by us only. We never approached the government for help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474068", "title": "Kurai Ondrum Illai audio launched", "text": "The audio launch of 'Jodi No 1' Geethan Britto and 'Kana Kaanum Kalangal' Haritha starrer 'Kurai Ondrum Illai' directed by Karthick Ravi was held in Chennai. 'Pizza' fame Vijay Sethupathy received the first CD of the film from ' Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi ' director Balaji Mohan.This film is a love story with a subtle social message, says it's director Karthik Ravi. Chinmayi, Naresh Iyer, Saindhavi, Haricharan and other have sung for the music album of the movie.Geethan, Haritha, Sathya Murthy, Hitler, Krishna, Director Karthick Ravi, Music Director Ramanu, cinematographer IM Ashok Kumar , Vijay Sethupathi, Balaji Mohan, Karthik Subbaraj graced the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17475684", "title": "Lipstick may harm your IQ: Experts", "text": "LONDON: Even low-level lead exposure could affect your IQ, behaviour and ability to learn, experts have warned after a study involving 22 lipstick brands found that 55 per cent contained trace amounts of the toxic element.Underwriters Laboratories revealed that 12 of the lip products sampled tested positive for lead with the highest levels at 3.22 parts per million, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Commenting on the findings Dr Sean Palfrey, medical director for the Boston Lead Poisoning Prevention Program, warned that even low-level lead exposure poses a serious health risk and could affect mental health.\"What we know now is that even the lowest levels of lead can harm your IQ, your behaviour, your ability to learn,\" he told Good Morning America, which commissioned the study.\"If you were serious about the public health aspects of lead poisoning you would not be looking at lipstick,\" Dr Halyna Breslawec, chief scientist for the Personal Care Products Council, added.\"You would be looking at locations where children live. Do they live near hazardous waste dumps - are they chewing lead-containing paint fragments?\" Breslawec said.Currently there are no standards set by the Food and Drug Administration in the US limiting levels in lipstick and it is up to manufacturers to decide on the safety tests performed.GMA declined to comment on which lipstick brands had been tested, but said that it had selected a range of colours from department stores and drugstores in the US, the paper reported.Lead is not intentionally put in lipstick but many colour additives are mineral-based and contain trace levels of lead naturally found in soil, water and air.\"Clearly the concerning part is that more than half of the lipsticks do contain lead, but half of them don't, proving that it's possible to manufacture a lipstick without lead,\" said Janet Nudelman of the Campaign for Safe Cosmetics.However, recent findings demonstrate that progress is being made.A 2010 study by the FDA found the highest lead level in lipstick was 7 parts per million.And another conducted earlier this year revealed that 400 shades of popular lipstick contained trace amounts of lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474346", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIf cricket can go live, why can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t Carnatic music?\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KN Shashikiran, the grandson of the legendary Gottuvadyam Narayana Iyengar, stormed into the Carnatic music season as a child prodigy. Since then there has been no looking back for the musician, who has been enthralling the audience with his cousin, Ganesh. And together, the duo is known as the Carnatica Brothers.Shashikiran recently performed in namma Coimbatore to a large audience and is thrilled that the concert turned out to be a success. \"It was slightly different from the ones that we have performed so far and the turnout was phenomenal. Carnatic music does not happen on a regular basis in Kovai when compared to Chennai. Which is why before the concert, we ran a Best Rasika contest to pull in the crowd, especially youngsters. The average age of Carnatic music has come down to 40 from 60, which is a very good sign. For the concert in Coimbatore, we had many zealous youngsters coming in,\" he says.But sponsors have always been a major impediment when it comes to classical music. Has there been any improvement on that side? \"A majority of the funding for Carnatic concerts is coming from abroad. Local corporate sponsors are coming in but they are sporadic. Though the current situation isn't bad, it could be better. The corporate sector should volunteer and take pride in organizing these concerts for the cause of music.\"Shashikiran is one musician who has always emphasized on the liberal dosage of technology in Carnatic concerts. \"If cricket can go live, why Carnatic music can't? Technology has put Carnatic music on a global platform and there's no harm in making these concerts live and putting on air to the world, as the musicians perform.\"On the upcoming music season, Shashikiran says, \"I have not really zeroed in on anything particular for the season, but I want to bring in a few changes in the perspective of people. The idea is to make Carnatic concerts more interactive and informal. People are generally scared to put across their requests to the artists. Hence, we are planning to come out with something like a celebrity chat. Soon after the Margazhi season, I will be heading to the Cleveland Festival in the US and will be traveling to UK and Australia, thereafter. We are planning to do a lot more concerts in Coimbatore as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17471498", "title": "Lack of traffic management at wee hours a worry", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly 360 deaths have been reported in the city since January this year. The traffic department claims that the number has slightly declined in comparison to previous years but pedestrians and bikers remain the most vulnerable.In the past four days, four engineering students have died in two separate mishaps, both of which took place in the wee hours.With no rules in place to check vehicular movement between 10pm and 9am, the duration when maximum accidents occur, school children, joggers and pedestrians remain at the risk of being hit by a speeding car or truck.Residents say with an active nightlife and people going out for movies, clubbing and partying, road traffic has increased at night, and therefore, the authorities need to formulate rules to control traffic.\"I normally don't have to drive after 10 pm, but a few days ago I had gone to pick up a relative from the railway station around 11.30 pm. I was shocked to find drunk youths driving cars at top speed,\" said Bhopal Charan, who stays in Sodala.DCP, traffic Lata Manoj Kumar told TOI that special campaigns have been launched against over-speeding, underage driving for school kids and overcrowding in autos.\"However, permanent deployment has not been possible in the city during the late night hours and early morning, mainly due to lack of police force with the traffic police department,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "serampore (hooghly)", "code": "17470339", "title": "Danish team on heritage trail", "text": "Serampore (Hooghly): They wish to turn the clock back to a time when the ruins of Serampore used to be their very own Fredriksnagore. But it's bound to be a tall order for the Danish team that's here to dig out their glorious history, because the present hardly resembles the past.That is evident from the sketches of the bygone era that conservation architect Flemming Aalund and historian Simon Rasten are carrying with them. The Serampore riverfront, cluttered with concrete structures of unvarying ugliness, doesn't look anything like the row of whitewashed buildings erected circa 1800 that depicts the silhouette of the heritage town in the sketches, with St Olav's Church as the most significant landmark. The steeple of St Olav's seems to be the only thin link between the past and the present. Architectural wonders have been reduced to haunted houses that serve as the perfect haven for anti-socials. Some of the crumbling buildings and monuments have been declared condemned by the PWD.But not to be daunted by all this, the Danish team, along with a strong-willed district administration and West Bengal Heritage Commission (WBHC), has embarked upon possibly one of the most challenging assignments ever. The task is to trace out the Fredriksnagore and its picturesque white buildings with expensive porticos and Venetian blinds, from years of neglect and piles of rubble. The former Danish colony had been named after King Fredrik V who ruled between 1746 and 1766.The National Museum of Denmark (NMD) had initiated the Serampore Initiative way back in 2008, but not much happened. But the project has now been revived with the WBHC signing an MoU with NMD to revive the glorious Indo-Danish past. Funds are flowing in from the Danish government's coffers as well as the Indian government's ministry of culture to execute the ambitious project in phases.The Serampore Initiative, in its new avatar, involves preservation and enhancement of St Olav Church, the Government Compound, the former Danish Government House, the square in front of St Olav's Church and landscaping of the river bank area.\"This is the real beginning of this cooperation,\" said Flemming, \"We have begun with the Government House that would be one of the greatest landmarks of Serampore. The building is testimony to the unique heritage originating from the Danish, British and Indian periods.\"Inside, he pointed out the few traces left of the hugely elaborate facade as some masons worked meticulously to dig out the lime-stone tiles beneath the concrete flooring. The Danes ruled from here between 1755 and 1845, and the Government House was their epicentre. The British later added a new portion to the building, after the Danes left. There is a marked difference between this part of the building and the original structure.\"We are looking at a five-year timeframe to begin with. But more than the time, what is crucial is the sensitivity to bring out the past from the disorderly present,\" said Rasten, intrigued by the mishmash of architectural styles in the Danish, British and Indian eras.Accompanying them was a WBHC team, led by chairman Shuvaprasanna. \"Fredriksnagore is older than Kolkata. So we are determined to restore these derelict structures that have been camouflaged by years of insensitivity and neglect,\" said Shuvaprasanna. The MoU signed, WBHC is now concentrating on the Government House which will be turned into a museum portraying Serampore's rich past, the chairman said.The labour of love is more than apparent. \"Conservation is time-taking and needs a lot of patience,\" said conservation architect Partha Ranjan Das, who is a member of WBHC and chairman of the projects committee. \"We have sent the mortar samples for testing. The lime mortar we will use should match the mix used by the Danes. Otherwise, it won't bind and cracks will develop,\" explained Das. WBHC has set up the lab recently to give holistic and scientific approach to conservation.\"The Serampore Initiative is not only about architecture and conservation. To execute the project, we must work in tandem with the administration and share every bit of our work. Or, everything will come to a naught,\" said architect and WBHC consultant Manish Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470341", "title": "Auto-cracy in Delhi as reforms stay on paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two years after raising fares on the promise that reforms in the autorickshaw segment would be implemented, the transport department is once again contemplating an increase. In the intervening years, though, none of the reforms promised have been implemented \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be it GPS in autos, a centralized background verification database of drivers, or a check on the fleecing of commuters by drivers. Instead, basic enforcement, in the form of fitness tests of vehicles plying on the road or prosecution of autorickshaw drivers found violating rules, has dipped.GPS in TSRsIn 2010, when the Delhi government decided to increase the fare from Rs 10 for the first kilometre and Rs 4.5/km thereafter to Rs 19 for the first two kilometres and Rs 6.5/km thereafter, it promised that a component of the new fare would be for installation of GPS in autorickshaws. Safety of commuters, transparency in the journey undertaken and a smooth ride for the commuter was the underlying promise.Two years later, the promise remains on paper. The government's much publicized project of installing GPS in autorickshaws has failed to take off. While older autorickshaws have flatly refused to install the GPS fare meters, the new autos, for which permits are being issued, have only made a nod to the GPS concept. Although these autos are fitted with GPS-based fare meters, their GPS devices don't work. Reason: Delhi government claims it is waiting for all autos to get the GPS installed before it starts the backend network.A top official in the department said, \"It would be difficult to have only half the autorickshaw fleet with GPS-based fare meters. Unless all autorickshaws in the city install GPS, it's unlikely that the GPS backend will be activated.\"The new set of autorickshaw permits \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 35,000 permits are being issued \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have GPS as part of the conditions.Meanwhile, the transport department is considering another hike in autorickshaw fares on the pretext of increased CNG rates. Transport minister Ramakant Goswami said, \"No decision has been taken yet. We are seriously considering keeping the behaviour of the autorickshaw drivers as a basis for fare hike.\" If that is actually kept as a criterion for the hike, commuters would be a happy lot.Fleecing of commutersNumbers show that neither the transport department nor the traffic police has done much to check over-charging by auto drivers. While the transport department has an unresponsive complaint number, challans are rarely issued to erring drivers. The traffic police's 24-hour helpline exists but few prosecutions have taken place till date.A transport official said, \"The enforcement team of the department is too small to look into every complaint. We have special drives but recently, no drive has been done against autorickshaws.\" In fact, there has been no drive this year.Autorickshaw drivers, though, claim they are forced to over-charge commuters. High rents \u00e2\u20ac\u201d around Rs 400 per day, along with the cost of CNG (in the range of Rs 200 per day) and daily expenses ensure that drivers have to earn at least Rs 700-800 for basics. \"On a 12-hour shift, the driver therefore tries to earn more than Rs 1,000, so that he has something saved for his family as well. To do this, he resorts to over-charging,\" said Kishan Verma, an autorickshaw driver and union leader.Those paying interest on their vehicle to private finance companies have it no better, say drivers. \"The interest is very high \u00e2\u20ac\u201d around 16%, which means most drivers are paying back the loan their entire life,\" says Mohammed Iqbal, who recently bought an auto on loan.Background checkThe transport department had some years ago drawn up an ambitious plan to allot public service vehicle (PSV) badges, which were to be smart cards with details of the driver and his background. The idea was to have a database of all drivers plying autos in Delhi, along with their police verification. This project is languishing as well. While PSV badges have been issued to some drivers, most remain outside the ambit of the database.Transport department officials say keeping a tab on all drivers is a herculean task. \"The drivers are mostly migrants who have come to Delhi and have few proper documents. When they fail to pay their EMIs and lose their vehicles, or when the earnings are not enough for the family, they leave or move to another vehicle. It's difficult to keep track of them,\" said an official.Other projects, like giving periodic training to drivers, also remain on paper. While the department insists that workshops are held, few - if any - ever come for the upgrade classes, or even the mandatory beginners' class for new commercial drivers. In fact, the government's inability to push through any of its ambitious projects has only underlined its soft approach when it comes to safety and transparency for the commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470708", "title": "HUDA policy on garbage contractors soon", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is preparing a policy for its contractors in its sectors in Gurgaon. \"The new policy will cover all aspects such as agreement details, eligibility criteria and payment procedures for contractors involved in sanitation (garbage collection) work in HUDA sectors,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar .The authority is now planning to hire contractors who are better equipped to handle sanitation work. \"The preference will be given to contractors who have the latest machines and adequate manpower to carry out the work,\" said Kumar.The main focus of the policy will be on technology and mobility. \"I have noticed that though garbage is collected from households, contractors often fail to transport it to the Bandhwari waste treatment plant on time. This delay is mainly because of the vehicles used for ferrying garbage,\" said Kumar. To hasten the process of ferrying the collected garbage, Kumar said, \"The eligibility of a contractor will depend on the fleet of trucks or fast-moving vehicles he has for transporting the collected garbage.\"In addition, HUDA is planning to make an equipment and tools list for each sector, depending on the size and number of houses. At present, a cluster of two or more sectors are given a contractor for carrying out sanitation work and residents have been complaining about the shortage of tool, equipments and manpower devoted for their colonies.\"The contractors will have to give undertakings and details of their equipment and manpower, which will be the basis whether they are equipped to handle sanitation work of any colony,\" said another HUDA official.At present, HUDA has engaged private contractors in different sectors and they are paid a hefty amount on monthly basis.Residents have welcomed the authority's move to rework the policy, but cautioned that it must not do away from the payment policy. \"HUDA must involve the RWA for clearing the payment for the sanitation work because otherwise the contractors will not work and there will be no monitoring,\" said Ramesh Gupta, a resident of sector 4.The new policy will be drafted by the end of this month and tenders will be given next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17472130", "title": "Mystery of missing Pacific island solved", "text": "Sydney: A New Zealand researcher claimed to have solved the riddle of a mystery South Pacific island shown on Google Earth and world maps which does not exist, blaming a whaling ship from 1876.The phantom landmass in the Coral Sea is shown as Sandy Island on Google Earth and Google maps and is supposedly midway between Australia and the French-governed New Caledonia . The Times Atlas of the World appears to identify it as Sable Island, but according to Australian scientists who went searching last month it could not be found.Intrigued, Shaun Higgins , a researcher at Auckland Museum, started investigating and claimed it never existed, with a whaling ship the source of the original error. \"As far as I can tell, the island was recorded by the whaling ship the Velocity,\" Higgins told ABC radio, adding that the ship's master reported a series of \"heavy breakers\" and some \"sandy islets\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17471914", "title": "Teachers allege flaws in selection process", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The controversy over the promotion of eligible teachers in the district has taken a new dimension as a section of teachers backed by the state and district unit of the Non-gazetted Primary Teachers' Association alleged largescale irregularities in the selection process by the selection committee and have threatened to launch stir if the list published on Friday is not corrected immediately.After a marathon session with the district unit office-bearers and members, the state unit general secretary of the association Md Tasleemuddin alleged that the district selection committee members flouted guidelines of the state government and also flouted the directive of the high court. He alleged that a number of candidates having low ranks in the merit list were posted in the same or in the nearby blocks but those having higher rankings in the merit list had been transferred to distant blocks. He also alleged that as many as 195 seats were left vacant with malafide intention. Citing the case of one Ajay Kumar, he said he was posted at Haveli as science teacher and was transferred somewhere else whereas a vacancy for a science teacher existed at his school even as the high court had said that if a vacancy exists in the school, a teacher on promotion should be considered for the post for the same school.Tasleemuddin demanded an inquiry by an independent agency into the selection process failing which they will have no option than to launch a district-level stir to press their demand. He said a memorandum to this effect was submitted to the district education officer (DEO) Dev Sheel on Monday. A group of teachers alleged that the standard procedure in the selection process was not adopted and seniority in ranking was grossly ignored.DEO Nalanda Devsheel said he alone was not responsible for the selection as it was finalized by a decision of the committee and the selection has nothing to do with the ranking and seniority of the teachers. He added that the 195 seats, which were left vacant, will be filled up with right candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17475666", "title": "Uproar in Parliament over Gujarat gas deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Gujarat in the midst of polls, chief minister Narendra Modi was on Tuesday brought into a controversy by agitated Congress members in Parliament who created uproar over a news report alleging irregularities in a gas deal by the state government.The Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha saw Congress members waving copies of an article in a news magazine with the headline: \"Sweet deals are made of gas\" and raising slogans against Modi from the aisle, with some even threatening to troop into the Well.The article spoke of a \"dubious\" company registered in Barbados enjoying a windfall of Rs 20,000 crore at the cost of Gujarat tax-payers in the wake of an agreement inked under Modi's watch.The Lok Sabha was adjourned till 1230 hours and the Rajya Sabha till 1400 hours.BJP members were on their feet protesting against the Congress action but were dissuaded by their leaders including L K Advani who asked them not to raise counter-slogans and maintain restraint.The Congress had on Monday demanded an answer from Modi over a report alleging that his government gave a foreign company stake in a gas exploration project virtually for nothing.It said the Barbados-based company did not pay a single penny for the 10 per cent stake given to it by the Gujarat government.Noting that the story in the news magazine raised certain questions, which Gujarat government and especially the chief minister must answer, the Congress had asked, \"Who is the beneficiary?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471286", "title": "Govt tracking spending of HNIs, babus, netas", "text": "NEW DELHI: The income tax department's '360 degree profiling' had resulted in former corporate lobbyist Niira Radia's contacts with several bigwigs coming to light. She may have fallen off the radar but the government plans to strengthen the mechanism with finance minister P Chidambaram initiating a pilot project with the FIU (Financial Intelligence Unit) to integrate data on all suspicious transactions with the '360 degree' database.Financial transactions of hundreds of suspicious high net worth Indians in the country and abroad have been tracked by the I-T department for at least six years now. These transactions include credit card expenditure, cash transactions, foreign travels and investments in share markets and in luxury gadgets. On the radar are politically exposed persons, including people from bureaucracy, political parties, judiciary, industrialists and media persons among others.The I-T department has started working with the FIU to integrate all suspicious transaction reports generated by the latter with its own dossiers. One example of 360 degree profiling was the Radia case, in which the I-T department not only tracked all expenditure made by her firms but also transactions related to her associates and people she had been interacting with, including politicians, journalists, judges and bureaucrats.The decision to strengthen the profiling was taken after a recent meeting Chidambaram held with heads of all revenue intelligence agencies and the FIU.\"With regard to chronic tax evaders and 360 degree profiling, director FIU explained that the Central Board of Direct Taxes would provide the identification parameters, such as details of permanent account number of suspects, his or her address and other linked businesses. On submission of these details, the FIU will share all matching information in its databases for integration with the 360 degree profiles,\" an official said.The I-T department has been collecting data for its 360 degree profiles in Delhi with 20 other offices set up in different directorates general of I-T investigation in prominent cities across the country monitoring suspicious persons and their associates. As part of these profiles, the family tree of an individual or a business group is maintained and all associates and front entities linked to such individuals are constantly monitored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17470911", "title": "IT College board rejects deemed varsity proposal", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant development, the board of governors (BOG) of Isabella Thoburn College has rejected the college's proposal seeking deemed status from the University Grants Commission (UGC).The proposal to make IT College as deemed university was mooted by former principal ES Charles.\"Since majority of the teachers did not favour the institution to be converted into deemed university, the proposal was turned down dropped by the board of governors,'' said a BOG member. IT College principal P Bodhan was unavailable for comment.Sources, however, said a fresh proposal for the college to get converted into a Methodist University was also placed before the board members. \"Things have to begin right from the scratch. It will take at least five to six years to decide on it,'' sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474045", "title": "'Casablanca' sequel in the making?", "text": "The original 1942 movie starred Ingrid Bergman and Humphrey Bogart. Set in World War II , it told the tale of a man forced to choose between his love for a woman, or helping her husband escape Casablanca, to continue his fight against the Nazis.A current rumour indicates that officials at Warner Bros are working on the next stage in the tale, with a working title of either Return to Casablanca or As Time Goes By , according to The Independent, reports contactmusic.com.The plot is said to revolve around Richard Blaine (the illegitimate son of Humphrey Bogart's character Rick Blaine and Ingrid Bergman's Ilsa Lund). At the end of the original movie, those two were famously separated and the new movie finds Rick on the hunt for his biological father, to discover what became of him.The new movie was the brainchild of Cass Warner.The late Howard Koch wrote the guidelines for a sequel back in the 1980s, and Cass Warner, the granddaughter of the Warner Bros founder Harry Warner , is keen on a sequel to the iconic film.Of the new movie, Cass said, \"There will be flashbacks, but it's a film about the next generation; a son going back to find what happened to his parents. I wouldn't want to touch the original for the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472017", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Shah, Nayar put Mumbai in charge against Bengal", "text": "MUMBAI: Hiken Shah scored his third consecutive century of the season and added 158 runs for the fourth wicket with Abhishek Nayar (73*) to help hosts Mumbai declare their second innings at 294 for 5 against Bengal on Monday.The total left Bengal with a tough fourth innings chase of 391. At stumps they were 47 for no loss with Rohan Banerjee (23*) and first innings hero Arindam Das (19*) at the wicket.The hosts lost three wickets in the first session, but stepped on the gas after lunch. Both Shah (118) and Nayar batted fluently to add 119 runs in the second session. Mumbai showed the urgency and intent to consolidate the total and give themselves a chance to shoot out Bengal for their first outright victory of the season.After being watchful in the first session when the Bengal pacers spit fire, Shah slowly but steadily built his innings and made amends for his first innings duck. The Mumbai southpaw, who had scored 140 against Rajasthan and 156 against Hyderabad, notched up his third consecutive hundred of the season. Hiken's ability to stay cool under pressure inspired Nayar to bat elegantly and register his second half-century in the match.While Hiken mostly chose to play down the ground, Nayar chose to go the aerial way. He played Shami Ahmed and Veer Pratap Singh on the up a couple of times and on each occasion the ball reached the fence after bouncing just once.It was the first time in three days when Manoj Tiwary walked up to his bowlers more than once for a chat. It was clear the Bengal skipper was not happy with the line his bowlers were bowling, especially the spinners, who failed to do much on the third day.Both Hiken and Nayar scored effortlessly off Abhishek Jhunjhunwala's bowling, who accounted for Kaustubh Pawar's (31) wicket early on. Shah, who slowed down in the 90s, brought up his 100 with a crafty reverse sweep off the Bengal offie. His 118 in 209 balls was punctuated with 15 boundaries . A low catch to Subhomoy Das at mid on ended his odyssey.Aditya Tare's lusty blows swelled the total prompting Mumbai skipper Rohit Sharma to declare . The hosts tried to snare a few wickets to corner Bengal, but their openers preserved themselves well on a wicket that has eased out considerably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17475175", "title": "Bravehearts show light of knowledge to many", "text": "RAMGARH: Saryu Prasad comes from a family where education is luxury. But Saryu fought against all odds to become a postgraduate. Now he is a teacher and wants everyone in his village to be educated.Saryu is no different from many struggling youth in rural India. But the one thing that makes this boy from Sangrampur different is that his fight is not just against the adversities of life but also against physical challenges. But visual impairment never deterred Saryu from moving ahead and becoming a role model for others groping in the dark.Blind in both eyes since birth, Saryu studied at Michael Blind School. He did his postgraduation in history and got admission in a teachers' training centre in Patna. Now as a para teacher, he encourages poor parents in villages to educate their visually impaired children. \"I was born blind to a poor farmer family and my parents could not afford education, but I convinced the family that I will not need money for education as several social organizations will come forward to arrange for my education,\" he said.Sangrampur is home to many bravehearts. Shanker Prasad Mahta has walked a long way to obtain masters degree and later become the principal of Viklang Awasiya Vidyalaya in Sukarigarh. Though Mahta cannot walk, he is helping many at the school for differently-abled people choose the right path in life. \"All students and teachers here are differently-abled,\" Mahtha said adding that students were being provided free education with lodging, food, books and clothes under the satte social welfare department. Students do their work with help from teachers who also live with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475453", "title": "Preeti goes multi-lingual", "text": "\"Mohabbatein\" girl Preeti Jhangiani , who was last seen in the 2011 film \"Sahi Dhandhe Galat Bande\", currently has as many as five films ready for release.\"Two of my films are ready for release - Ye Hai Mumbai and Kaash Tum Hote . I have done a Bengali, Punjabi and a Kannada film as well. They are all ready for release now,\" the 32-year-old said at the opening of a production house in Mumbai.Preeti is married to actor Parvin Dabbas and turned producer with Sahi Dhande Galat Bande , which also marked Parvin's directorial debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471832", "title": "Govt blames NHAI for poor condition of roads", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Monday admitted that some national highways in Bihar urgently needed repair for the smooth movement of long-distance vehicular traffic. But the government blamed the central agency, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), for not responding to the repeated request of the state government.Bihar's road construction department minister Nand Kishore Yadav , while replying to a question of Rajnish Kumar (local bodies) in the Bihar legislative council during pre-lunch session, said the repair work on all such NHs has to be done by the NHAI.Responding to a question, the minister said the state government had informed the NHAI about the repair work of NH-56/69 from Begusarai Jail gate to Rahimpur in Khagaria via Balia and Sahebpur Kamal on July 22 last year. The concerned NHAI contractor has also been communicated about it but till date no progress has been made, the minister said. The regular monitoring of the condition of NH roads in Bihar is also not done by the NHAI on regular basis, the minister said.Tanvir Hasan of RJD said this stretch of the NH is in a very bad condition and needs immediate repair. Thousands of heavy vehicles ply daily on this route, Hasan said during the minister's reply.The minister while replying to another question of Sanjay Prasad (local bodies) said the government has also informed the NHAI to remove high speed breakers on Patna-Mokama NH stretch till Rajendra bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470433", "title": "Rape accused faked death, arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A rape accused who had staged his own death to avoid trial and was living in Jaipur with a false identity has been arrested. He had allegedly sent the death certificate to his mother. However, the sessions court in Dwarka asked police to verify the family's claim.In 2007, police had registered a case of kidnapping of a girl and a rape charge was added during the investigation, said additional commissioner of police (southwest) Anil K Ojha. Subash Gulia of Badli village was arrested but got bail and stopped appearing in court.His family told the court that Gulia had gone to Nepal and died there. However, the court ordered the verification of the death certificate in 2010. \"The matter was referred to the ministry concerned by police,\" said Ojha.During the verification, police found that Gulia's family had left Badli. \"The mother was traced in Sidhmukh village in Churu district in Rajasthan and brother Virender was found living with his wife in Hari Nagar,\" said the ACP. Police also got to know that Gulia himself was living in Jaipur as Monu and arrested him on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471181", "title": "Hour-long power cut in SoBo hits 1 lakh consumers", "text": "MUMBAI: Around one lakh power consumers of BEST in south Mumbai's E ward faced a power cut for over one hour between 6.42pm and 7.45pm on Monday.According to BEST officials, around nine distribution transformers in Mazagaon, Dockyard Road and Byculla were cut off from the main supply after a 11kV feeder line coming from Mumbai Central tripped. \"The fault occurred on the feeder line between Mumbai Central and Rippon Cross Lane,\" . The feeder line came from South control and went into 9 substations in North-east\" a Best spokesperson said. \"At 6.53pm, three of the nine substations were restored but failed soon after. Our engineers restored the supply at 7.45pm,\" he said.Meanwhile, residents of E ward are upset that the much-hyped parallel emergency network system failed to supply power during the failure. According to standards of supply suggested by the state electricity regulatory commission, the supplier is supposed to compensate consumers if they are effected by a power failure for a minimum of one hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475581", "title": "Food joints license renewal hit by slow pace", "text": "INDORE: Despite continuous extension of deadlines to renew the license for last one and half years, only 2,500 have applied for the same against 8,000 odd licenses of food joints which were issued by Indore Municipal Corporation.After the implementation of food safety and standards Act 2006, it has been made mandatory for the eatery owners to have license from food and drug administration department. The act was implemented in August 2011 in Madhya Pradesh and the department set a target to complete all renewal work till August 2012. They again extended the target for two months but people did not come. Now, food and drug administration department has decided to complete the task till February, 2013.Food safety officer Manish Swami told media persons that the department issues around 50-60 licenses everyday on an average but till now only around 2,500 have applied. The department has issued around 1,600 licenses against the applications received.Meanwhile, the process of registering the petty vendors, including the milkman and others like a small food stall owners, is also underway, he added.Swami further said that till date around 1,000 milkman have applied for registration and the process is nearly complete for around 800, besides the other vendors including small food stall owners have also applied for registration.Interestingly, despite the fact that only 1500 small food stall owners were registered with IMC till date, but due to awareness, the low registration fee and simple process of the registration, the department has received applications from around 3,000 such vendors, Swami said.Swami further said that it is basically the big eatery owners who were having licenses from IMC and are not turning up in adequate numbers.Sources said that the date of making the licenses mandatory for the eatery owners has now been extended for more two months and it will now be mandatory to have licenses under the after February 2012.The Act is being considered in its nascent stage but once the deadline for getting license is over, we would initiate strict action against those who are operating without licenses from food and drug administration, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17473270", "title": "Race 2 wins over Deepika", "text": "She has taken a break from Ye Jawaani... and Ram Leela to promote the Abbas-Mustan thrillerDeepika Padukone , who had famously walked out of Abbas-Mustan's Race 2 citing date issues, is now using the film as a reason to take a break from both Ayaan Mukerji's Ye Jawaani Hai Deewani and Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela .TOI has learnt the two projects she is shooting for simultaneously, will have to be put on hold because she is taking time off in January to promote Abbas-Mustan's film.Next month, she will travel to different parts of the world to promote the multi-starrer.A source close to Deepika confirmed the news and said, \"She will be occupied for the most part of January promoting Race 2 . That is why she requested Ayaan and Bhansali to let her go for some time. Ayaan and Bhansali were not too amused but they relented.\"Seems that the makers of Race 2 have happily left the past behind.When contacted, co-producer of Race 2 Jay Shewakramani said, \"Deepika is very excited at the response she has been getting on Race 2. She is going all out to promote the film to the fullest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17471474", "title": "900 pedestrians killed in road accidents in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Walking, the best known exercise may at times prove fatal. In Rajasthan, one-tenth of road crash victims were pedestrians and the state ranks among the top five in the country for such fatalities.According to the latest report of National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), of the 9,232 accidents deaths reported in the state in 2011, 895 were pedestrians. This accounts for nearly 10% of total road accidents deaths, a rise of around 1% from previous year.Most of these accidents occurred in the early morning hours or late at night. The report also claims that pedestrians were at fault in 27 cases.It is the state government apathy, say experts, in following the safety codes of NCRB ( IRC) that has led to a marked rise in such accidents.\"Our fault lies in the road engineering. Road repairing has been done in such a manner that there is no gap between the road and the dividers. Also, due to carpeting and layers of tar put on the road surface over a period of time the height of roads in certain places has gone above the pavements. In such a scenario, pedestrians are always at a risk of being hit by a vehicle,\" said Pramod Bhasin, managing trustee of NGO Muskaan which works on road safety awareness.The officials too admit a deliberate reluctance on the government's part in following the safety standards. \"After every monsoon the government declares an unrealistic deadline for road patching. Then we are asked to meet it anyhow. Instead of following the proper engineering of road repairing, we are forced to do temporary work\" said a senior official of JDA.Worried over the alarming rise in pedestrian accidents, United Nations has also declared a road safety week in May which would be observed as 'zero pedestrian fatality week'. It is aimed to promote walking and sensitizing governments to invest in building pedestrian facilities across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17474467", "title": "Will Bobby Jindal make a White House run in 2016?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Louisiana's Indian American governor Bobby Jindal may well be making a bid for the White House in 2016, a leading US news site suggested citing a meeting with a wealthy Republican fund raiser.Jindal and two other Republican governors, John Kasich of Ohio and Bob McDonnell of Virginia stopped by the Venetian Resort Hotel Casino to meet privately with its owner Sheldon Adelson , \"a man who could single-handedly underwrite their White House ambitions,\" Politico, the politics-centric website, said.Jindal, Kasich and McDonnell ventured over to the Venetian for separate private meetings with Adelson while they were in Las Vegas for the Republican Governors Association winter meeting, held last month at the rival Wynn Resort, Politico said.Jindal, Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Susana Martinez of New Mexico - arrived in Vegas before the RGA conference for a gathering of the association's high-dollar Executive Roundtable, which is open to donors who give a minimum of $25,000 a year.The roundtable's chairman, top Republican fundraiser Fred Malek , met with Jindal, the incoming RGA chairman, on the sidelines of the RGA conference and was said to be impressed, Politico said.Malek wouldn't comment on the Jindal meeting or the 2016 field, but his extensive connections in the Republican big-money world would be a major boon to any presidential hopeful, it said.In addition to his work at the RGA, Malek helps lead a pair of unlimited-money John Boehner-linked outfits, Congressional Leadership Fund and American Action Network.Among the prospective 2016 Democratic presidential candidates, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has by far the greatest potential for a mega donor network that could compete with the deeper-pocketed outside groups that emerged on the right over the past few years, Politico said.The donor base that she built during her New York Senate bids and her 2008 presidential campaigns - combined with the philanthropic network her husband has cultivated in his post-White House years and her appeal to newly active female donors - could take Democratic outside money to a new level, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17470810", "title": "Parents, forum tell school to fix fees based on permissible expenses", "text": "NASHIK: Parents of students of Rasbihari International School (RIS) and members of Forum Against Commercialisation of Education (FACE) demanded that the decision of approving the fee structure of the school be done at the earliest and on the basis of permissible expenses.The inquiry about the controversial fees hike by the school ten days ago confirmed that the fees were charged exorbitantly and that the audit report and related documents were scrutinised before the fees structure was approved. The two-member inquiry committee comprising extension officers of the Zilla Parishad, K V Tungar and B G Garad, submitted the report to deputy director of education, T N Supe asking him to do the needful at the earliest.On Monday, parents and members of FACE demanded to know the status of the process and also to present their views about the fee structure. In the absence of the deputy director they met the assistant director of education, R R Marwadi.\"We spoke to Supe on the phone and he asked us to discuss our issues with the assistant director and give our proposal to him,\" said Milind Wagh of FACE. The parents and members of FACE expressed strong displeasure at the way things were moving in this case. Marwadi said that they have an auditors' meeting on December 6 and the RIS issue has already been included for discussion.The parents and FACE members demanded that they be given a copy of the school's audit. They showed them a copy of how fees were fixed at D Y Patil School in Pune. \"The total expense of the school divided by the number of students is the permissible expense based on which the fees are fixed,\" they said. On their demands, Marwadi also asked the ZP to hand over the entire report to them.The school has called a meeting of the Parents and Teachers Association (PTA) on December 10 to discuss the fees for year 2013-14 to which FACE and parents objected. \"Since this year's fees have not been approved, how can a meeting for next year's fees be held?\" they questioned.Marwadi called up the school authorities and sternly asked them to give it in writing that the PTA meeting has been cancelled.\"This inquiry report has been made for primary section till class VIII. Our original demand is from class I to class X and we have asked them to do it accordingly,\" said Wagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17477590", "title": "'Bade Achhe Lagte Hain' actors at Mushtaq Sheikh's party", "text": "The Bade Achche Lagte Hain gang, including the talented Sakshi Tanwar and the versatile Mahesh Shetty, were spotted at writer Mushtaq Sheikh's Aqeeqah - a Thanksgiving party.Our sources tell us that though Sakshi was very unwell, she made sure she dropped in at her friend Mushtaq's party. The Bade Achche Lagte Hain gang was seen in a corner on their own enjoying the party.And it was truly a thanksgiving for this popular gang as many Bollywood actors were spotted going to the group and commending them for doing a great job in the prime time slot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474882", "title": "Paris Hilton goes 'Chammak challo' with orphanage kids", "text": "Socialite Paris Hilton became Santa Claus for children at an orphanage in Mumbai on Monday and even grooved to popular song \"Chammak challo\" with them.Hilton, who is on second visit to India, went to Ashray, a part of the Committed Communities Development Trust (CCDT) in suburban Bandra. The 31-year-old looked radiant in a colourful floral dress with a flower garland around her neck and a blingy hair band.Hilton made it a point to bring gifts for all the children in the orphanage. She was welcomed with a traditional arti and treated to a delightful performances by the children.\"I am so happy to be here and meet you all. It is holiday time and Christmas is coming. I hoped you liked the presents,\" Hilton said at the event.\"I admire the work done here. It makes me so happy,\" she added.When the children shook a leg to popular Bollywood dance number \"Chammak challo\" from the movie \"RA.One\" , Hilton too joined them for a gig.Hilton's prime motive for this trip was her performance at the recently concluded India Resort Fashion Week in Goa. She had a stop-over in Mumbai.\"Paris wanted to visit an orphanage while she was in Mumbai. She got in touch with someone in Bandra, who happened to know our trustee and that is why she chose our organisation,\" Cherie Pereira, senior project officer of CCDT, told IANS.CCDT houses a total of 108 children in its various centres in and around Mumbai, and Ashray, its Bandra branch, has 30 children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471226", "title": "Superintendent of police Allen de Sa denies taking voluntary retirement scheme", "text": "PANAJI: Superintendent of police (SP) Allen de Sa denied taking voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) and said that some officers in the police department are involved in spreading this mischief.Speaking to TOI de Sa said that he has credited 488 days of leaves and he has never taken leave travel concession (LTC).\"I have only one year and eight months left in services so I have taken leave to spend time with my family for Chrismas and New Year,\" said de Sa.He also said that he had applied for leave before Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco had made allegations against him for holding dual citizenship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475366", "title": "Nagri man accused of wife's murder surrenders", "text": "RANCHI: Kunal Sahdeo, who was accused of killing his wife for dowry, surrendered to Nagri police on Monday. A murder case was lodged on last Wednesday against Kunal Sahdeo, husband of Puja Sahdeo, and his father Lal Kashinath Sahdeo and other family members. The deceased was the niece of RJD state president Girinath Singh. Six persons, all relatives of Kunal, have been implicated in the case. Among the accused, only one has surrendered, while others are still at large.Officer-in-charge of Nagri police station K P Yadav said the accused has not confessed to his crime. \"During interrogation, Sahdeo denied his role in the murder and claimed that his wife had committed suicide,\" said the OC.Police had found Puja Sahdeo, who was married to Kunal, a businessman four years ago, dead in her house at Kute village in Nagri on last Wednesday afternoon. A bullet was found in her body and a rifle was lying near her body. It was difficult for the police to understand the case when Kunal Sahdeo claimed that Puja was mentally ill and the parents of the deceased claimed that their daughter was murdered.The accused was forwarded to jail on Monday. Rural SP A V Minz said that the other accused would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470268", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSlap stringent charge on HC blast accused\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday ordered the trial court to frame stringent charges, including waging of war against the government of India, against Wasim Akram Malik for his role in the September 2011 terror strike on the HC premises.A bench of Justices Sanjiv Khanna and S P Garg allowed National Investigation Agency's plea against the trial court order which had dropped the stringent charge of waging war against the government, against Malik, who is facing trial in the September 7, 2011 attack case, in which 15 people were killed and 79 were injured.\"The facts as alleged and material evidence relied upon justify framing of charges under the appropriate section of the IPC. Charges under section 121 (waging war against India), 121A (conspiracy to commit offences punishable by section 121), 122 (collecting arms etc, with intention of waging war against India) and 123 (concealing existence of design to wage war) read with section 120B (criminal conspiracy) will be framed by the trial court,\" the bench said.Accepting NIA's argument that the intention of the accused was not to cause injury to a particular person but the public in general, it said, \"We allow the present appeal and set aside para 24 of the trial court order discharging the respondent (Malik) and holding that there is no ground or material to frame charges under section 121 of IPC.\"\"We record and note the contention that the bomb blast was not targeted to cause injury to a particular person but (the bomb) was kept at the reception counter of HC which issued passes that enables litigants and others to enter the main gate of the building. The object, purpose and animus as propounded and alleged has to be given weightage and cannot be discounted or rejected at this stage,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471865", "title": "Govt takes slew of steps to help people with disabilities", "text": "PATNA: The physically challenged do not need any mercy as they have equal rights to live like any other citizen of the country, was the common refrain of the differently-abled on the occasion of the World Disabled Day here.However, the state government, in association with NGOs, initiated some measures on the occasion of this day. Three schools for the mentally challenged were inaugurated in the state, one each in Patna, Gaya and Darbhanga. Not only this, the government has also initiated a campaign this month, which will conclude on January 10, 2013, to provide certification to more differently-abled, so that they are able to avail the benefits given to them by the government and special rights they are entitled to, said secretary, social welfare department, Rajit Punhani.Incidentally, Bihar , comprising 38 districts, has only eight functional schools for the differently-abled. The state capital has three, which includes one for the visually-challenged and two for the hearing and speech impaired - one for boys and the other for girls. Both Darbhanga and Bhagalpur have one school for the visually-challenged and one for the deaf &amp; dumb children. Munger has only one for the hearing and speech impaired. These schools are imparting free education to students.The state government has also not only relaxed the parameters set by the Centre which give pension to individuals with 60% disabilities, the complicated process of giving disability certificate has also been done away with. Earlier, for procuring a proof of his/her disability, one had to go through a medical board as notified by the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment. In view of the difficulties faced by such people, doctors at the block-level and even PHCs have been authorized to certify disability. Incidentally, people with 40% disability are given a pension of Rs 300 a month.According to a rough estimate, said Punhani, the state today has over 21 lakh differently-abled, of whom certification of 8.81 lakh has been done. It was in 2011-12 that over seven lakh disability certificates were given. About 4.22 lakh are getting disability pension.\"Steps have also been initiated for the integration of the differently-abled children with normal children under integrated and inclusive education programme. Under this programme, challenged students of different categories are being inducted in normal schools, so that both the group of students could help each other in achieving high standards of education and cooperate in national building.\"People with disabilities account for an estimated 8% of the state's population and the observance of the day aims to promote an understanding of disability issues and mobilize support for the dignity, rights and well-being of the differently-abled. A little help will enable them lead a normal life and become a productive citizen,\" said state minority welfare and I-T minister Sahid Ali Khan here at a function organized by the Believer's Church on Monday.Meanwhile, various social activists and members of Bharatiya Viklang Sangh, Bihar, have demanded 5% reservation for the differently-abled in government jobs and a monthly pension of minimum Rs2,000, said sangh general secretary Sanjeev Kumar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17472898", "title": "Huge cache of wildlife remains seized", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officers have seized a huge cache of wild animal body parts, including four leopard paws, and traps used in poaching during a raid carried out in a remote village Somanpally in Sironcha tehsil on Saturday. Experts have confirmed that the paws and the nails recovered recently from one Tirupati Kawre at Ashti in Gadchiroli are of the same leopard.On November 28, forest officials had nabbed Kawre with 16 leopard nails. The nails were earlier thought of those of tigers, but experts later confirmed that they actually were of leopards. A team of foresters from Markanda forest range was dispatched to Somanpally to nab the main poacher with the help of forest officers of Asaralli range.RFO Asaralli range, Laxman Aware, who led the action in Somanpally, informed that middleman Suresh Bedke who had given the leopard nails to Kawre was the first to be rounded up. \"During interrogation, Bedke gave information about the poacher Somayya Ramnely. Ramnely's residence was raided, but he managed to escape with leopard's skin. We have seized wildlife remains and traps,\" he said.Aware informed that two jaw traps used for poaching of higher carnivore, three diversion traps, 68 rabbit-snares clubbed in three bundles, along with four leopard paws, a paw of giant squirrel, three antlers of spotted deer, carcass of rabbit, 261 feathers of peacock put in three bundles and two shells of tortoise have been recovered.Bedke was brought to Markanda range on Monday with the recovered material. RFO, Markanda, SB Khobragade said, \"Experts have confirmed that the nails recovered earlier and paws are of the same leopard. Ramnely had killed the leopard and gave these nails to Bedke and Kawre to find customer.\"Bedke and Kawre were produced before the court, which granted them bail on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17472420", "title": "North ROB side bays: Vehicles have a smooth trial ride", "text": "KOCHI: Taking the Kochi Metro dream a step ahead, vehicles took the side bays of the North rail overbridge (ROB) on Monday. After delays, postponements and a last minute cancellation, the newly reconstructed side bays of the North ROB opened for an hour as part of the trial run. Though the trial was planned on Saturday morning, the district administration and the police cancelled the same citing various reasons.On Monday, the North ROB was abuzz with activity from 10am. For a smooth trial run, the city traffic police, under the supervision of K S Baby Vinod and Muhammed Rafeeque V M, assistant commissioners of traffic east and west Kochi, respectively, regulated the movement of vehicles. Officials of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) were also present at the spot to help the traffic police oversee the trial run.The trial run started by 11am and continued for an hour. Incidentally, the first vehicle to enter the bridge was a low-floor Kerala State Road Transport Corporation's (KSRTC) bus, which is the new face of city's public transport system. It entered the side bay (lane 4), which is 3.3-metre wide, from the Kaloor side. The bus was received by breaking coconuts and distributing chocolates. Almost 10 minutes after opening lane 4, vehicles entered lane 1 from Kacheripady side.\"I had no clue that our bus would be the first to enter the side bay. The drive was smooth but it's very narrow and the width of side bays is almost the same as that of low-floor buses,\" said, Jaison K S, driver of the KSRTC bus, which was the first to enter the bridge.The old side bays were used mainly by two and three wheelers. However, two wheelers will not be allowed to use the reconstructed side bay. The trial run was successful, according to traffic police officials. They added that steps would be taken to erect barricades and mark crossings for pedestrians.The side bays will be opened permanently for vehicles after completing the work of the foot overbridge for pedestrians.\"Almost all work of the foot overbridge, except placing the steel girder over the railway track, is over. We are planning to complete it by Wednesday. The side bays will be opened permanently after it is ready,\" said a DMRC official.\"The safety of pedestrians is important. Chances of accidents are high if pedestrians are allowed to use the side bays to cross the railway tracks,\" a senior police official, who supervised the trial run, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17470078", "title": "Nine persons accused in riot cases get bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 14th additional chief metropolitan magistrate at Nampally criminal courts on Monday granted bail to nine persons, who were booked and arrested for arson and rioting in Charminar on November 16.Special Investigation Team that is probing the incidents had opposed the bail petitions contending that the release of the accused would pose a law and order problem since December 6 - the 22nd anniversary of the demolition of Babri Masjid , would be observed by different groups in the city.The court, while granting the bail, has asked the accused to furnish two sureties of rupees five thousand each in five different cases that were registered against them. SIT had arrested 21 youngsters on November 18 and slapped IPC sections 153-A (promoting enmity between communities on the basis of religion), 435 (creating mischief by fire), 149 (unlawful assembly) and under 7(1) A (Criminal Amendment Act and Public Property Damage Act) against them. The police told the court that the accused armed with deadly weapons formed an unlawful assembly in different parts of Old City and violated the prohibitory ordersimposed by the police. They also raised objectionable slogans and burnt government and private vehicles. The arrested were lodged at Cherlapally central prison.Three MIM corporators - Mohammed Ghouse(Charminar), Mohammed Mukarram Ali (Mughalpura) and Mohsin Balala (Pathargatti), who are also an accused in these cases, are still on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17476144", "title": "Bumpy ride for state NCC", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state needs riding clubs to train its NCC cadets to compete in national-level horse riding competitions. Till three years ago, NCC cadets from Odisha were winning gold medals in horse riding at the Republic Day Camp held at New Delhi every year. But now the situation has changed with other states having riding clubs, said Sudesh Kanungo, associate NCC officer at the Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT). \"Odisha used to win gold medals till three years ago because other states did not have riding clubs then. But now the scenario has changed with other states setting up riding clubs,\" said Kanungo.He said Odisha like all other states has Remount and Veterinary (R and V) unit at OUAT that trains NCC cadets. But the unit is looked after by Army, which is not paying enough attention to the cadets. \"Riding club will be an advantage for the cadets. They can train under the guidance of skilled trainers. The training imparted at R&V; unit is not sufficient,\" said Kanungo.The R and V unit here has 13 horses. About five senior division cadets, three boys and two girls, are trained and sent to Delhi to take part in the national competition during Republic Day celebrations. \"We will send about 102 cadets.At present, the phase-I selection camp for RDC is going on with selected cadets from all battalions of the state taking part in it. \"There will be three phases of selection after which we will prepare a final list of cadets to be sent to Delhi,\" Colonel Vikash Goswami, chief training officer at the pre-RDC camp.Needs Better Training For National Show", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17474133", "title": "Corporation to emulate Guruvayur model to check plastic menace", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation will take a cue from Guruvayur municipality in making the capital plastic-free. The Guruayur municipality has done away with plastic carry bags from shops, hotels and lodges owing to the combined efforts of the councillors and Guruvayur devaswom board.The city corporation is also treading the similar path mainly due to legal hurdles. \"Guruvayur municipality achieved it through massive campaigns and widespread introduction of textile bags and paper bags. Imposing a ban is impractical since it should come from the government and there has to be cabinet approval. Like Guruvayur, awareness campaigns will be the key,\" said mayor K Chandrika.According to plastic waste (management and handling) rules 2011, the ban applies only to plastic carry bags less than 40 microns. Even if the ban is introduced for plastic carry bags, it is debatable. \"Any shopkeeper can easily approach the court and question the ban saying that it does not apply to carry bags above 40 microns. That's why we are keen on promoting awareness campaigns,\" added Chandrika.If the Guruvayur municipality was backed by the devaswom board, the city corporation is eyeing on youth. Soon each of the ward councillors will tour their wards garnering local support, especially that of youngsters. \"Student organizations along with the councillors will participate in the campaign. Their task will be to visit the shops and make the merchants avoid plastic carry bags. We want to do it on a regular basis so that the mission becomes a success,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.The corporation is also planning to allot more funds for promoting paper bag manufacturing units in the city just like the Guruvayur municipality. Vice-chairperson of Guruvayur municipality Mahima Rajesh said that they had ensured the adequate supply of alternatives even while doing away with plastic carry bags. \"We gave special funds for Kudumbasree units to spruce up the production of paper bags. During Sabarimala season, the visitors are asked to return the plastic carry bags and instead they are handed over with textile bags,\" said Rajesh.The Thiruvananthapuram corporation too is keen on ensuring substitutes for plastic carry bags. The civic body mulls over roping in Kudumbasree units to produce paper bags. \"Our aim is to produce trendy, stylish bags and we would shell out more funds to equip our Kudumbasree units with the production of the same,\" said Chandrika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17475335", "title": "Two trains introduced to clear winter rush", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two new winter special trains have been introduced by the Indian Railways to clear the rush of passengers in regular trains, according to an official release from the Visakhapatnam division of East Coast Railways, here on Monday.These include 08041 Santragachhi (Howrah) - Chennai Express that will depart from Santragachhi at 12.30 pm every Sunday between December 9 and December 30. The train will arrive at Visakhapatnam station on Monday at 2.30 am and depart at 2.50 am and reach Chennai at 5 pm on the same day.In the return direction, 08042 Chennai-Santragachhi Express will depart from Chennai at 11 am every Tuesday between December 4 and January 1. The train will arrive at Visakhapatnam at 12.10 am (midnight) and depart at 12.30 am, reaching Santragachhi at 2.15 pm on the same day.The train will pass through Kharagpur, Balasore, Bhadrak, Cuttack, Bhubaneswar, Khurda Road, Brahmapur, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Rajahmundry, Vijayawada and Gudur between Santragachhi and Chennai. The train will have two AC-2 tier, 9 sleeper class coaches, 6 general second class coaches and two guard-cum-luggage vans.Similarly, train number 08635 Hatia-Yeswantpur Express will depart from Hatia at 9.40 am on every Thursday between December 6 and December 27. The train will arrive at Visakhapatnam on Friday at 1.30 am and depart at 1.50 am, reaching Yeswantpur at 10 pm on the same day.In the return direction, 08636 Yeswantpur-Hatia Express will leave Yeswantpur at 8.30 am each Saturday between December 8 and December 29. It will arrive at Visakhapatnam on Sunday at 5 am and depart at 5.20 am and will reach Hatia at 9.30 pm on the same day.The train will have stops at Rourkela, Jharsuguda, Sambalpur, Bargarh Road, Bolangir, Titlagarh, Kesinga, Muniguda, Rayagada, Parvatipuram, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Samalkot, Rajahmundry, Eluru, Vijayawada, Ongole, Nellore, Gudur, Renigunta, Katpadi, Jolarpeta, Bangarapet, and Krishnarajpuram between Hatia and Yeswantpur.The train will comprise of two AC-2 tier, 9 sleeper class coaches, 3 general second class coaches and 2 guard-cum-luggage vans, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17475945", "title": "7 facilitation centres for NEET", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students appearing for the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test 2013 (NEET) need not worry about filling up forms as solution will be at hand. Seven facilitation centres, set up at seven schools are helping aspirants with the application procedure, which started on December 1.In case of any confusion, a student can just walk in to any of these centres and get help, said Sitaram Mohapatra, state nodal officer for NEET 2013. The centres will remain open till December 31. The centres are at DAV Chandrasekharpur, DPS Rourkela, Kendriya Vidyalaya Sunabeda, Kendriya Vidyalaya Balangir, DAV Jharsuguda, DAV at NTPC Talcher and Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya Mayurbhanj.As per NEET 2013, private medical and dental colleges in the state, which had separate entrance examinations from that of the government colleges, will now admit students who will clear NEET. The test will be held in Bhubaneswar, Rourkela and Koraput.Each of the three government-run colleges in Burla, Berhampur and Cuttack has 150 seats. Also, Hi-Tech Medical College Bhubaneswar has 100 seats, Hi-Tech Rourkela has 100 and Institute of Medical Sciences and Sum Hospital has 100 will be available for admission under NEET. Similarly, 300 seats for BDS will be available for admission. These include 20 seats at SCB Dental College, Cuttack, besides the 60 seats at Gandhi Dental College, 100 at Hi-Tech Dental College, 50 at Institute of Dental Sciences and 100 at Kalinga Institute of Dental Sciences. Odisha joint entrance examination cell will do counseling for these colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17476061", "title": "Govt starts e-monitoring of medicine supply", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Monday launched a web-based drugs inventory management system to monitor medicines and consumables at different drug warehouses.Inaugurating the system, health and family welfare minister, Damodar Rout, said wastage of medicines because of expiry dates at health institutions and irrational distribution are major concerns. The new system will minimize loss, he said.Though the government has an annual budget of Rs 200 crore for drugs, patients often complain of not getting medicines in hospitals. The Odisha Drugs Inventory Management System will plug such holes, the minister said.ODIMS will keep a track of purchases, stocks, indents, issues at different levels, transfers between warehouses and time limits of drugs. The various reports generated will help to take timely decisions and appropriate action could be taken for the smooth distribution of drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470857", "title": "BJP asks Cong if it has done its homework on cash transfers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress and the BJP on Monday traded barbs over the government's direct cash transfer scheme after the Election Commission sought a reply from the Centre on the timing of the announcement.Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari said that the government would provide information to the EC and asked the BJP to make its stance on the scheme clear.\"BJP should make its position clear on cash transfers. Are they for cash transfers or are they against it. Do they want that the money of the people should go directly into the hands of the people or they do not want the money of the people to go to the people, this is the germane issue,\" Tewari said.\"If the Election Commission has asked the government for a clarification or for some sort of an explanation, I am sure that the appropriate part of the government would provide that information to the Election Commission,\" Tewari added.Hitting back at Congress, BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad questioned the party's seriousness on the issue. \"Is Congress serious about it? Have they done their homework well?\" Prasad countered, saying that his party had formed a committee to study the matter and would revert after a report was prepared.He, however, said the BJP was not for abolition of the PDS (public distribution system) and also questioned why the pilot project for direct cash transfer scheme in Rajasthan did not succeed.\"But one thing is very clear and categorical. If this means the abolition of the public distribution system, BJP is opposed to it because states like Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh , Bihar and others have done so well. By the way, let Manish Tewari respond to one thing, the fanfare with which it (cash transfer scheme) was inaugurated in Rajasthan, why it has come a cropper,\" Prasad asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472302", "title": "PMC starts SMS service for garbage complaints", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has started an SMS complaint service to address the garbage problem in the city.The National Society for Clean Cities (NSCC) had asked the PMC to institute a citizen-friendly system, through which citizens could bring problems regarding garbage and cleanliness to the civic body's notice.Civic officials informed NSCC members on Saturday that the administration has commenced a text message alert service for the same. Citizens can submit their complaints to the civic body by sending a text message on 9223050607.On getting the SMS, the civic body will forward it to the relevant department at the ward office for redressal. The complainant will also get a return SMS with a complaint number. The PMC official concerned will contact the complainant to get the details of the problem.The NSCC has said that for details and guidance, citizens should contact 'mohalla' committees in their respective localities. Citizens can also contact Sushil Kumar at sushilkumar.nsccpune@gmail.com or Gautam Idnani at gautam.nsccpune@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471051", "title": "Samajwadi Party leader slain in shootout; girl shot in market", "text": "LUCKNOW: Vice president of Samajwadi Party's (SP) Bulandshahr city unit was shot dead and three others were wounded critically in a shootout on Monday morning. In a separate incident, a 20-year-old girl due for married on December 5, was shot dead in Muzaffarnagar. Both incidents took place in broad daylight and in full public view, keeping the spotlight on deteriorating law and order situation in Uttar Pradesh.The Bulandshahr incident took place when Rashid Ghazi, husband of a city municipal corporator and vice president of the ruling SP's city unit, had gone to finalise the deal for a shop in the local market in Faislabad locality. Allegations are that Ghazi had purchased the shop from one of the three partners while the other two did not approve of the transaction. On Monday, Ghazi along with a group of supporters and associates arrived at the market to take possession of the premises and a heated argument ensued between the remaining two partners of the property who challenged Ghazi's authority and dismissed the sale deed as invalid since it had signatures of only one of the three partners.The situation took a deadly turn when the rival groups entered into a free for all which ended in a shootout. While Ghazi was killed on the spot and three of his supporters suffered bullet wounds. They were admitted to the hospital. A case of murder and attempted murder was lodged with the Bulandshahr police in connection with the incident. Police have yet to initiate any arrest in the case.In a separate incident reported from Muzaffarnagar, Megha (20) was shot dead by two motorcycle-borne miscreants during the rush hour of morning at the centre of the busy Kotla Punjabi market of the city. The girl was reportedly on her way to the market for shopping for her wedding on December 5, when she was shot at by miscreants who sped away from the scene after committing the crime. Police suspect the murder was handiwork of a dejected lover of the girl. Investigators, however, have yet to establish the exact motive of the murder and identity of the assailants.The incident sparked off resentment in the area and locals staged a road block demanding immediate arrest of the accused and action against the local police for their failure to check rising number of criminal incidents being reported from the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474802", "title": "Jadeja leaves Congress, likely to join BJP", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17475193", "title": "Injured driver rescued from locked car boot", "text": "BOKARO: Police rescued an injured driver from the dickey of a n Indigo car abandoned on a road at Jodahdih Moad in Chas on Monday.Sanjay Kumar Paswan, a resident of Sector-III area, was rushed to the Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) by police. The doctors stated his condition to be critical. He was missing from Sunday night.According to inspector of Chas police station Narsingh Gautam, a patrolling party which was passing through the area stopped on seeing a crowd gathered around a deserted car on the road in the morning. \"As our officers went near the car, they heard the sounds of moaning coming from the dickey of the locked vehicle.\" The id card he was carrying revealed his identity and whereabouts.Policemen broke the lock and found Paswan lying injured with blood oozing out from his head. His hands and legs were tied with rope. The policemen rushed him to nearby hospital.\"Preliminary investigation revealed that Paswan was attacked for personal enmity. The offenders might have put him in the vehicle after thrashing him believing that he had died. It could be that they were planning to throw him in a place but left the vehicle on seeing police,\" said Gautam. A case has been lodged in this connection. Police are waiting for Paswan to regain consciousness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17475601", "title": "Curfew continues in parts of Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: Curfew imposed in parts of the city following sectarian clashes continued for the seventh day on Tuesday.\"Curfew will continue in Zadibal and Nowhatta police station areas and Urdu Bazaar police post area as a precautionary measure,\" a police spokesman said.He said the decision to continue curfew has been taken to prevent clashes and any possible loss of life or property.Authorities had on Wednesday imposed curfew in nine police station areas of the city following sectarian clashes in Hawal area.The curfew was lifted on Saturday but restrictions were again imposed in Hawal and adjoining areas after fresh clashes broke out in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471175", "title": "Citizens forcibly 'inaugurate' skywalk in Kharghar", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunday came an embarrassment for politicians and administrators who delay inauguration of completed public infrastructure projects to suit their schedule and then use those ceremonies to garner votes.Fed up of waiting for nearly months for the CM and other senior Congress, NCP leaders to inaugurate the Kharghar skywalk, angry citizens on Sunday aiting since three months for the dates from Chief Minister and other top Congress-NCP leaders for inauguration, the Kharghar skywalk was forcibly opened the bridge and marched on it with the Tricolour. Most of the citizens who \"inaugurated\" the skywalk are also members of the newly launched Aam Aadmi Party.\"Infrastructure projects like this are built for us and through our taxes we pay to the government and certainly not for leaders who delay and use inaugural ceremonies to showcase themselves,\" said a Kharghar resident. , mostly belonging to Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), who after cutting ribbon marched on the skywalk to mark its inauguration.The skywalk, which connects the station with Utsav Chowk area, has already been delayed by eight months. and is reportedly still waiting for a date from the chief minister's office for a formal inauguration.Prithviraj CHavan and other NCP leadres for inaugural ceremony even three months after its completion.The 2-km skywalk has been build at a cost of Rs 36 crore. According to residents Rajan Bandorkar the cost has escalated due to delays. According to him cost was earlier pegged at around Rs 30 crore and project was to be complete in 25 months. \"However, it has taken almost three years now and till no opening. Why are we residents being inconvenienced at the behest of politicians\" he added.Ravi Shrivastav of AAP said--- \"The skywalk was completed in August this year and was still waiting for Chief Minister's availability who appeared to have no time for such activity. And hence common tax payers cut the ribbon and walked on it amid slogans of 'Bharat Mata ki Jai' and 'Vande Matram'.\"Meanwhile, Cidco MD Tanaji Satre said there was absolutely no escalation in the cost even though the project has delayed due to technical difficulties in construction and opposition from residents at certain locations. \"On Sunday some people attempted to inaugurate and walk on it but we have apprised them of the smaller finishing works that have remained. Right now no one is using it due to works going on. We are going to open it soon, may be this month only and urged people to be little patient\" he said terming it one of the best skywalks in the entire Mumbai region. The skywalk has hanging bridge on the Pune highway which resembles Bandra-Worli sea link's cable-stay bridge structure.The Khanda colony flyover which also was not being opened due to delayed inauguration dates was recently thrown open by the citizens of KHanda Colony in Panvel. The similar action of people to open the skywalk in Kharghar reflected the growing resentment of the rulers against the apathy and carelessness towards public infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17472089", "title": "Temporary ban on trekking in forest ranges imposed", "text": "COIMBATORE: In light of large scale straying of wildlife outside of forest areas in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Erode districts, mainly due to shortage of fodder and water, the forest department has enforced a temporary ban on trekking in hill ranges located within forest areas. Trekking enthusiasts have been advised to keep away from the hills until they get the green signal from the forest department. An order banning trekking in Pollachi, Coimbatore, Mettupalayam, Udumalai and Sathyamangalam forest ranges has already been issued and officials are now maintaining a close vigil to curb violations.College students and young professionals tend to undertake solo trekking trips, unaware of the dangers lurking in the neighbourhood. The department is keen on putting a stop to these trips that happen without the involvement or guidance of forest authorities,\" said V Thirunavukarasu, Coimbatore district forest officer.Just two weeks ago, a 21-year-old engineering student had a narrow escape when he was surrounded by five wild dogs during his early morning trek on Valliangiri hills. The youth was celebrating his birthday by climbing the hills of the Western Ghats when the wild dogs surrounded him. On being intimated over phone, forest officials managed to rescue the student who was lucky not to sustain injuries.According to officials, wildlife including elephants, tigers, foxes, panthers, bears and gaurs roam forest areas and sometimes stray into residential areas, posing a threat to residents living on forest fringes. Two major bear attacks were reported in the recent past. As there are several temples in the region, the department has also imposed restrictions on pilgrims visiting these places of worship. Devotees would be allowed temple visits only during the day and only in rare cases. Priests have also been prevented from residing in forest temples.Trekking is out of bounds in the following areas: Kovai Kutralam, Narasipuram vaidehi falls, Siruvani foothills, Anaikatti, Poondi, Valliangiri, Palamalai, Pillur, Kallar, Thimbam and Varattupallam areas. Seven persons were killed in wildlife attacks since January this year while last year the figure was nine. Seventy persons sustained injuries in wildlife attacks this year..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470740", "title": "NH-8 banquets halls add to commuters' woes", "text": "GURGAON: The presence of banquet halls along National Highway-8 in Mahipalpur is leading to traffic jams on a daily basis. Owing to the ongoing wedding season, wedding guests park their vehicles in not only service lanes but also on the main carriageway, which leads to traffic jams.The traffic congestion is predominantly witnessed during the night starting from 8.30pm. Scores of banquet halls are situated side-by-side on NH-8 starting from Mahipalpur, and Rajokri leading up to the 32-lane toll plaza on the Delhi side.While banquet hall employees claim that there are ample spaces inside the premises exclusively meant for vehicle parking, cars could be seen parked outside the banquet halls. When TOI contacted a few banquet hall employees, they stated that there were enough parking spaces available on their respective premises for parking.When asked about the traffic jam onthat stretch, an employee alleged that there were a few banquet halls which run their business from just about one acre land which was not sufficient to organize a marriage party and they had also faced problems because of that. \"It is impossible to pinpoint which guest is going to which banquet hall,\" he added.The SHO of Vasant Kunj (south) police station admitted that traffic congestion was witnessed on the road because of marriage ceremonies, but he added that the problem was not due to vehicle parking as it was not allowed on the roadside.\"Traffic congestion happens generally between 9pm and 10.30pm when a majority of the guests arrive there. Due to the sudden rise in the number of vehicles, traffic jams take place,\" he said.He said that banquet hall owners had been directed not to allow parking outside. A team of police officers is deployed there to regulate the traffic.When contacted, a spokesperson of Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd said, \"We have already informed the police about the congestion. We also provide them with tow-away vehicles for removing any wrongly parked vehicles\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470694", "title": "Former Army chief to join Parliament gherao by farmers today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Army chief General V K Singh is likely to join an agitation by sugarcane farmers to gherao Parliament on Tuesday. The protest has been organized by Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan (RKMS) and is expected to be joined by farmers' leaders and civil society members.The former Army chief had on November 2 attended a press conference held by RKMS and announced that the outfit will gherao Parliament on December 4 if the government did not reject the Rangarajan committee report on freeing the sugar sector.\"The former Army chief will be part of the gherao. We had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh giving him time till November 30. We are going ahead with our protest as announced,\" RKMS convener V M Singh said.Aam Aadmi Party founder Arvind Kejriwal had participated in a farmers' rally organized by the Bharatiya Kisan Union and espoused their cause of fair minimum prices for crops.The Rangarajan committee has recommended phased decontrol of the highly regulated Rs 80,000 crore sugar industry by suggesting removal of the levy obligation, release mechanism and having a uniform, revenue-linked sugarcane price.The organizers said the recommendations of the panel would affect farmers in UP, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Haryana, Bihar and Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17471649", "title": "Pregnant woman entitled to second opinion", "text": "BANGALORE: Amid the row over the death of an Indian dentist in Ireland, the Irish government has told the Council of Europe that any seriously ill woman who is pregnant and her request for a termination is refused, is entitled to a second medical opinion.The woman would also have the right to apply to the high court for orders directing the \"necessary treatment\" to be provided, it said.Dr Savita Halappanavar , 31, died on October 28 at University Hospital Galway. She had been 17 weeks pregnant and miscarried. Her husband Praveen said she asked repeatedly for a termination of the pregnancy but was refused and was told the fetal heartbeat was still present and \"this is a Catholic country\".According to the Irish Times, the interim scenarios which apply pending full implementation of the ABC judgment of the European Court of Human Rights are laid out in an action plan submitted by the government to the council last Friday. The A,B and C cases are landmarks in the European Court of Human Rights on the right to privacy. It held there is no right for women to an abortion, although it found that Ireland had violated the European Convention on Human Rights by failing to provide an accessible and effective procedure by which a woman can have established whether she qualifies for a legal abortion under current Irish law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471977", "title": "Savio's twins tower over Father Agnel's", "text": "MUMBAI: Riding on a joint effort by twins Luv Lahankar and Kush Lahankar, hosts Savio Club clinched a keenly fought victory in the junior boys' opener against Father Agnel's in the 8th Savio Cup All-India Basketball tournament at the Don Bosco School, Matunga, on Monday. With a steady lead throughout the match, Savio put on display a gritty game with some brilliant passes and an excellent rate of conversion to win 88-70.Heading the charge were the twins with Kush being the top scorer with 21 points, closely followed by Luv with 16. For Fr Agnel's, Vivek Pawar and Parth Vipani, along with Rohan Borkar, put up a brave but futile fight.Meanwhile, after being decimated 57-86 at the hands of Sportspower from the US, on Sunday, the agony continued for the Maharashtra men's team on Monday as defending champions ONGC thrashed them 98-69, after leading 58-38 at half-time. For the winners, Vishesh Braghuvanshi scored 21 points, while Amritpal Singh and Yadwinder contributed 18 and 16 points respectively.Late on Sunday evening, the trio of former NBA players namely Anthony Bonner, Jim Bartalotta and Paul Grant , representing Sportspower USA, showed that they still had enough steam as the US side made short work of the statemen.Grant, who has represented Utah Jazz and Milwaukee Bucks , along with Bonner - who turned out for NY Knicks and Orlando Magic - and Bartalotta, who played for Sacramento Kings , swamped the young team from Maharashtra, taking a 31-11 lead in the first quarter, which extended to 49-19 at half time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17471417", "title": "Party symbol: A Q Khan wants missile", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Disgraced nuclear scientist A Q Khan's Tehrik-e-Tahaffuz Pakistan party has asked the Election Commission to allot a missile as its election symbol.The party sent the request to the Election Commission a week ago, Geo News channel quoted its sources as saying.The poll panel is expected to decide on allotting symbols to various parties during its next meeting.The Tehrik-e-Tahaffuz Pakistan is one of 19 new parties that were recently registered by the Election Commission ahead of next year's general election.It is not yet clear if Khan himself will contest the polls.Khan, 76, was placed under house arrest in 2004 after he confessed on state-run television to running a clandestine nuclear proliferation ring that provided technology and know-how to countries like Libya and North Korea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17474755", "title": "Gas victims flay Shivraj govt over laxity", "text": "BHOPAL: The gas victims have strongly criticized the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government alleged that it has failed to fulfill their demand of filing a suit against the Dow chemicals for additional compensation for causing environmental damages.In a condolence meeting held here on Monday, Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udhyog Sangathan (BGMUS) convener Abdul Jabbar said that last year the victims had also demanded a special court for reviewing the rehabilitation work but nothing has been done in this direction. The victims also took a pledge that no city will be allowed to become another BhopalAfter a meeting at the Yadgar-e-Shahjani park, a large number of victims marched towards the chief minister house. They were stopped near Kamla Park. Later a delegation of the victims met the chief minister and submitted as many as 1500 memorandums regarding victims' demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17472507", "title": "Buddhism slowly catching up in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: So what is common between Australian model Miranda Kerr, Hollywood actor Richard Gere and Techie B Rajkumar from Madhapur ?They all took refuge in the teachings of the Buddha and embraced its philosophy to seek inner peace and strike a balance between their professional and personal life.\"I have been following Buddhism for the past one year and I found it to be very simple and practical. Today, many young people like me are in search of peace and happiness and Buddhist philosophy to me is the answer to it,\" said B Rajkumar, a software employee of a multi-national firm in Madhapur, who reflects what hundreds of others are saying in Hyderabad.From a few hundred faithfuls in 2002 to at least 30,000 followers now, Buddhism is fast making a comeback in the city and elsewhere in the state which is dotted with more than 150 Buddhist religious sites, including the popular Buddha statue in the middle of Hussainsagar, all reminding of a glorious past.The religion was once very popular in the coastal regions of the state during 5th century BC with all three doctrines of Buddhism - Thervada, Mahayana and Vajrayana - practiced .While Hinduism and Islam flourished in the later centuries , Buddhism was forgotten which historians attribute to destruction of important shrines and monasteries by Hindu and Muslim rulers during later years.Monks double up as counsellorsThe monastries may have never been rebuilt, but Buddhism is slowly becoming popular in the hearts of Hyderabadis, many monks and locals vouch. Interestingly , the number of recent followers consists of young people in their twenties and thirties. \"Buddhism follows a middle path and not extremes which has even helped in my professional life. I exactly know how to deal with my noisy colleagues or unreasonable bosses in an affective way while retaining my calmness,\" said Raja Choudhury, who runs a job consultancy firm and recently had separated from his wife and kid. \"Vipassana (form of meditation ) helped me sort out my inner demons and now I am back with my wife and child. I am a very happy man,\" he said.The reasons of moving towards Buddhist philosophy may vary from peer pressure, stressful professional lives, increasing relationship problems or a way to experience peace, say Buddhist monks of the city. The Ananda Budhha Vihara in Mahendra Hills, the largest Budhhist temple in the twin cities, sees a steady stream of visitors in the weekdays which may go up to a few hundreds during weekends. Interestingly, the monks here double up as counsellors .\"The visitors here come and discuss their problems which range from professional and family troubles, relationship issues to poor performance in academics or poor health. They seek advice on how to address the issue and we are more than happy to help them,\" K Sangharakshitha Maha Thero, founder chairman of Ananda Budhha Vihara Trust said.\"We get innumerable inquiries by the public on how to convert to Budhhism time and again, but we convince them that it is a way of life and conversion does not hold importance. One needs to just follow the principles and teaching of lord Budhha,\" he added . There are also an increasing number of those who want to lead a monastic life from the city, but the monks advise them to undertake sharna or monastic life for a temporary period which can be from a week to a few months. \"Many in the city, including women are going for it,\" said Bhikku Khemachara, Chairman of Sidhhartha Budhha Vihara Trust, Bowenpally, highlighting a growing religious trend of search for peace in the city.Rajesh Suthari, a telecom coordinator working with an MNC founded the Yuva Buddhist group about a year back. \"We have been getting lot of enquires on how to practice Buddhism...... .Just by following the basic principles of Buddhism, many people are leading a stable professional and personal life while many are in control of their emotions by the Vipassana meditation programme .\" Added Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472681", "title": "Rs 82L/year? Not interested, say IIT-Madras graduates", "text": "CHENNAI: A 82 lakh annual pay packet doesn't seem to be enticing enough for a few IITians. Two out of six IIT-Madras students have rejected South Korean multinational company Samsung's $1,50,000 offer (about 82 lakh), with the campus being inundated with offers this year.Computer science BTech graduates Nitin Motiani and Sujeet Gholap said it was a \"tough call,\" but they eventually turned down the proposal.Sujeet, who created a record by getting six offers on Day 1 of the campus placement on Saturday, chose to work with Google. \"Both companies (Google and Samsung ) are leaders in their respective fields, and the work at both places will be challenging and satisfying, so I wasn't exactly sure which one to pick,\" he said.What tipped the balance was his dream of joining Google when he joined the computer science department four years ago. \"I never thought I'd get an offer from Google when I joined, just that it would be something nice to achieve,\" he said, without divulging how much Google had offered him.Sujeet will work out of the US office of Google, and is expected to join the company in October 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17471586", "title": "Crime branch to re-probe Jayakrishnan murder", "text": "Kozhikode: The crime branch will re-investigate the murder of Yuva Morcha leader KT Jayakrishnan Master. The government ordered the re-probe on Monday, and crime branch DSP (Hurt &amp; Homicide Wing) A P Shoukathali will head the investigation team. The order follows disclosures made by T K Rajeesh, prime accused in the T P Chandrasekharan murder.He had said that the arrests in the Jayakrishnan murder case were made according to a list of accused persons the CPM had given to the police. He had said that those arrested in the case, except one, were not the members of the gang that hacked Jayakrishnan in front of his students at Mokeri UP School in East Panoor on December 1, 1999.Rajeesh had told the SIT probing the TP murder case that cops had then arrested only Acharuparabath Pradeepan from the killer gang. The rest of the gang members, including Rajeesh, were not arrested.Five of the accused in Jayakrishnan murder case\u00e2\u20ac\u201dPradeepan, K Surendran, N Shaji, C Dinesh Babu and K K Anil\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere sentenced to death by the Thalassery sessions court, while the fifth accused, P Rajan, was acquitted.The Kerala high court upheld the lower court's verdict, but the Supreme Court later acquitted four, and commuted Pradeepan's death sentence to life imprisonment. Pradeepan was later released from jail following a remission during the LDF rule. He is now CPM's Panur area committee member.Jayakrishnan's mother Kausalya had met the chief minister earlier, demanding a CBI probe into the murder following Rajeesh's revelations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17474192", "title": "What Google, Amazon are doing to retain IITians", "text": "MUMBAI: The IIT campus placements this year show many firms have wisened up to the trend of fresh recruits moving on other jobs, sometimes a few months after joining.So, instead of higher signing bonuses and relocation expenses, companies are giving stock options to the extent of close to 100% of the base salary.Facebook , a social networking company, has offered students a base salary of $100,000, a bonus, a relocation bonus of $20,000 and stock options of $120,000 if they stick on for two years. Similarly, Twitter, Google, Amazon and American Express have beefed up their compensation packages by tucking in stock options.An IIT-Bombay student, who got placed on day one of the placement, said, claimed that a couple of social media networks have offered stock options to students.\"Though the institute mainly presents us with the base salary, a couple of companies in the social networking sector have offered stock options of a lump sum amount and it is looking attractive.\"The scene at IIT-Kanpur is also the same. Some of the companies, mainly start-ups, have offered stock options to students as their package.Shadab Mohammed, a member of the core team for placements at IIT-Kanpur, said, \"Some of the companies have offered stock options at our campus too. The reasons vary from retention of talent to an incentive to motivate young recruits and also to give them a sense of responsibility.\" Many start-ups like Flipkart are offering stock options, he said.Vice-president on the placement committee at IIT-Kharagpur (IIT-Kgp) Rinshul Chandra said, that over time, companies offering stock options to fresh graduates of the IITs have indeed increased in count. The reasons for the change are many: start-up companies wanting to spruce up their offer, a bad economy that is forcing the way hiring is done and organisations wanting to cut down attrition.\"The number of firms offering stock options, though about 10% of the total, has increased over the years. It is a lot more this year as compared to last year.\"IIT-Kgp placed 188 students on day one and many of them are today shareholders.Former placement chairman Ravi Sinha who described the stock options as \"golden handcuffs\" said there was one major trend that had pushed more employers to offer stock options. \"IITs have been able to attract globally leading companies and those in the highly competitive sector offer stocks to attract talent,\" he said. However, Avijit Chatterjee, the professor in-charge for placements at IIT-B, said, \"We usually give students the base figure or the assured amount. We do not get into the variables and mention only the taxable amount.\"The deputy registrar of placements at IIT-Madras said, too, echoed his views. \"We offer students only the taxable amount. Some companies , however, have offered retention bonuses to students.\"Samsung US/Korea has made the highest offer at IIT-Madras of $1,50,000 to four students.\"They offered six posts; only four students have gone for it,\" added the registrar. At the end of the first two days of placements on the Powai campus, which started on Saturday, around 260 offers had already been made. A total of 64 firms have already visited the campus in the last two days. Companies that visited the Powai campus on Monday include: Intel , Morgan Stanley, Microsoft, Gulf Talent, Analog Device, PayPal, Broadcom, Morgan Stanley (IT), Alshaya, Cisco Systems, Lucy, Eaton Technologies, Intel, JP Morgan Chase, Ariste Networks, Flipkart, Edelweiss , Britannia , Ibibo, Ernst and Young.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471717", "title": "GenNext taking to booze in their teens", "text": "PATNA: While most of the parents blame the company of their children for spoiling them by way of taking to alcohol, it is only partially true. In many a case, family history of alcoholism drives the teens towards boozing at a very early phase of life. In fact, many young lads in the state capital confess that they began drinking as early as their 16th year.Those freshly coming out of school and its confinement and in search of adventure, easily give in to the lure of alcohol, partly due to peer pressure and partly due to their own wish, just as what happened with Brajesh Sinha. He confessed that after finishing his 12th grade, he was left with no other work but to enjoy the days of freedom and less pressure of studies. It was then only that he and his pals tried alcohol to get the feel of being grown-up.Similarly, Rajiv Singh, an engineer now, confessed that his earliest shots were at the age of 16 when he was just a student of class XI. He also said the first alcohol that he tried was beer with some of his friends. \"Beer is the cheapest of the alcohols, so is the most sought after by youth even now,\" he said and added that since now he doesn't have to drink surreptitiously, he opts for the expensive scotch.Also those youth with a history of alcohol in their families, find it easier to get drawn towards boozing. Rahul Kumar, an engineering student in Shimla, said that because from early childhood he saw his father drinking, it took him no time to adopt it. \"One instance of persuasion from my friends was enough to find me in the company of alcohol .... In fact, my father too did not scold me when he caught me drinking for the first time and now sometimes both of us drink together,\" said Rahul.In fact, for those youth who stay away from their parents, the day they receive their pocket money turns to the day of their celebration. Rakesh Prakash, who stays away from his parents and studies in a dental college in Patna , said the day he receives his allowance his friends start persuading him for party. The same happens with other friends of Rakesh as well.Kankarbagh's Naveen said that once he discovered a bottle of whisky in his younger brother's bag, who had come back home for a vacation from his college in Karnataka. \"I tried to persuade him and made him swear that he would not indulge in drinking or any other sort of addiction, however, I feel that while being away from home he must be drinking with his friends,\" said Naveen.Not that the fair sex is behind the boys in the race. City's Liquid Lounge's owner Shailesh Sinha told TOI that while 50% to 60% of the total customers at his lounge form the youth, eight to ten among them are young girls. However, unlike boys who prefer hard drinks like scotch and whisky, girls go for vodka or cocktail. In fact, girls too have got bitten by the 'alcohol bug' quite early. \"Once I received a large group of girls from a premier school of the city who had come to my place to celebrate birthday of one of their pals ... .... Although I refused to let them in, keeping in mind our rules, the birthday girl was ready to shell out more than Rs 15,000 for her party,\" he recalled.(Names have been changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472948", "title": "Work on over 30% dams in Vidarbha may stop", "text": "NAGPUR: The much touted white paper on irrigation has not cast a finger on a single officer or politician for the astronomical cost overruns and delay in projects but if its recommendations are accepted by the government then it will sound the death knell for Vidarbha.The suggestion in the white paper is logical enough and reiterates what central government has been saying over the years. The projects nearing completion should be given priority while work on the new and incomplete ones should be stopped until the former are complete. The incomplete projects have been defined as the ones which are less than 25% complete. However, when you go deeper you realize that it is yet another ploy to divert irrigation funds to Western Maharashtra.The reason is simple, the number of projects that fall under incomplete category in Western Maharashtra is almost in single digits while in Vidarbha it is around 100 out of the total 320. Work on all the projects in the Naxal-hit Gadchiroli district and Washim district, which has one of the highest irrigation backlog, would stop. Many major projects are also on the list: Jigaon (Buldhana), Human (Chandrapur) and Lower Penganga (Yavatmal).An official in Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) said that as the white paper approved by the state cabinet contained this recommendation, it is being interpreted that this policy has been approved. \"However, any decision on stopping work will be taken separately, we have been told,\" he said.\"The total irrigation funds available for Vidarbha this fiscal is 2.5 times than that of Western Maharashtra. Hence, the politicians of that region have come up with this ploy. If our projects get blocked the funds would naturally go to the projects nearing completion, which are located in their region. VIDC would be told that it would be given funds once these projects are completed,\" another VIDC officer claimed.He further pointed out that suggestions by the central agencies to not start new projects until the ongoing ones are not completed were ignored till they did not suit the ministers.Out of the 320 ongoing irrigation projects in Vidarbha, around 100 are below 25% complete, 40 are in 25-50% range, 60 are in 50-75% range and 110 in 75-100% range. In Western Maharashtra most projects are over 70% complete.Important projects in below 25% list are: Jigaon (Buldhana), Lower Penganga (Yavatmal), Wardha barrage (Yavatmal), Ajansara barrage (Wardha), Pedhi barrage (Amravati) and Pench high level canal (Nagpur). The other projects of Nagpur district include: Pendhri, Kanhan Nadi, Salaimokasa, Sagra and Surewada lift irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472354", "title": "NARI's module on sex education popular with schools, NGOs", "text": "PUNE: A sexual health and value education module created for raising awareness about HIV/AIDS has got a positive response from schools, NGOs and organizations.The module, titled 'Adolescent Reproductive and Sexual Health Education', has been developed by city-based National AIDS Research Institute (NARI).\"Schools in Pune where the intervention study was conducted have requested for the module. It is being used by Network of Maharashtra by People Living with HIV (NMP+), network of people living with HIV/AIDS, a network of people living with HIV and a network of female sex workers,\" said NARI senior researcher Seema Sahay.Manoj Pardesi, director of Network of Maharashtra by People Living with HIV (NMP+), an NGO formed and run by HIV positive people, said, \"We have been using the NARI module for six months now and all our members in five districts have immensely benefited from it. The module has empowered them and made them aware of their sexual and reproductive health rights.\"The NARI had conducted a session for dissemination of the module at the Indian Habitat Centre, New Delhi, on July 29 last year. The meeting was presided over by Vishwa Mohan Katoch, director general, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and secretary, department of health research of the Union government. Over 60 delegates from the National Council for Educational Research and Training, Central Institute of Education, national and international NGOs, delegates from ICMR and its Institutes, International AIDS Vaccine Initiative, academicians, educationists, researchers attended the meeting.The module has been distributed to five district-level networks and five key population organizations Network of Positive People, Maharashtra chapter (NMP+ (network of positive people from Maharashtra) who have around 35 partners (one in each district) in Maharashtra. The book was used during training at the district-level and state-level. The NMP+ have also used this book for Saksham project which is supported by the Unicef.The module has been developed by social scientists, anthropologists, gynaecologists, paediatricians and psychologists, along with principal investigators of Nari. The module was tested by the Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) at Lucknow, Delhi, Thiruvananthapuram, Kolkata, Jaipur and Pune.The module contains six chapters that talk about life skills development, growing up concerns and nutrition, body image and adolescent sexual behaviour, reproductive and sexual health hygiene, inter-personal and gender relationships and understanding RTIs (reproductive tract infection), STIs (sexually transmitted infections, HIV/AIDS.A chapter with self-explanatory slides for easy understanding takes just 45 minutes to read. In addition, at the end of each chapter, there are FAQs with answers. Socio-religious sensitivity has been taken into account while framing the module. The module is available at NARI and it can be used for teachers and training organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17475703", "title": "Software to help probe unidentified bodies", "text": "UJJAIN: After successfully launching the 'vehicle matching portal,' Ujjain police is now working on a software that could help in investigation of unidentified bodies and missing persons.Ujjain Zone Inspector General of Police (IGP) Upendra Jain told TOI that every year a number of bodies have to be cremated by the police as unclaimed. Similarly, reports lodged about missing persons too remain unsolved for lack of information.Under the new software, details of all bodies that are found but remain unidentified would be entered by the concerned police station along with details of missing and found persons. The software would match the two data on different parameters including that of age, body type, colour and other identification marks. List of probable matches would generate and the concerned police officials have to verify the factual position.Jain said that the portal would be web enabled and user name and password would be allotted to each police station. The portal could be through internet. The IGP said old data would also be loaded on the portal which is expected to be launched soon.It may be noted that the vehicle matching portal designed by the Ujjain police is already delivering results as vehicles theft at one place are found as seized by the police at some other places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475099", "title": "Shaan dedicated Nach Baliye's track to his wife", "text": "STAR Plus' upcoming show Nach Baliye Season 5 has been creating quite a buzz. With speculations surrounding the judges, to a lot of hype that has made most of us wonder which celebrity couples have been signed on for the dance show, there has been lots that has been spoken about. The show which is scheduled to go on air soon has a new development.Recently, we are told that, Shaan who has sung the title track for the coming season decided to dedicate the song to his beautiful wife, Radhika. The couple was approached to be part of the dance show and were keen, however they were unable to participate due to Shaan's work commitments. Hence when approached to record the title track, Shaan decided to dedicate it to his baliye. An insider reveals, \"The track is really peppy and full of life, Shaan is a brilliant singer and the song will definitely be a hit. He wanted it to be special since it is a dedication to the most important woman in his life\"--", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470357", "title": "Minister: Govt serious about crackdown on black market", "text": "NEW DELHI: Transport minister Ramakant Goswami says the government is serious about cracking down on the black market in autorickshaws. The minister, however, feels that allegations of financiers being involved in the issuance of new permits are an \"exaggeration\" and \"an attempt to malign the government\". TOI spoke to Goswami about the role of financiers and dealers and how the black market has taken over the three-seater autorickshaw industryThere have been several allegations of a nexus between dealers and local financiers in the issuance of new permits. What do you have to say?I have also heard of these allegations and am taking stringent action against erring dealers and government officers. I have increased the number of permits being issued to 35,000 now, of which 18,000 are for the general category. I've also asked all TSR dealers to submit daily booking details to the transport department. Any autorickshaw issued out of turn will be penalized and the dealer's licence suspended.But autorickshaw drivers claim that dealers are turning them away, claiming there are no vehicles unless they come through an agent?If we get any complaint on this, I will take action. But I haven't received any complaint so far. A team of senior officials has been set up to ensure that rules and regulations are followed while applications and documents are submitted.Do you believe that you have kept the black market away in this process so far?If someone prefers to come through a local financier, the government cannot refuse to accept his application. Having said that, I think we have successfully kept away known local financiers from the process.One of the complaints has been that a lot of documentation is being asked for by the transport department. What do you say?There is certain documentation that we cannot hope to avoid as we want verified drivers to get the new permits. But we have kept the process as simple as possible. I would advise applicants not to be taken in by agents and go to a bank instead to get the loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470283", "title": "Mock drill to hit traffic today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Disaster Management Authority will hold a mega mock drill in the city on Tuesday, which is likely to clog traffic in many areas.In south, the areas around J Block market, Saket; and Birla Vidya Niketan, Pushp Vihar; are likely to face traffic congestion. In south-east, the roads around Lotus Temple, East of Kailash, Hotel Crown Plaza, Okhla; and NTPC , Badarpur; and in north-east, the roads near Bhim Rao Ambedkar College and SKV School, Khajuri Khas; may be affected.In west, such areas would include Raja Garden, West Patel Nagar and Jwalaheri market. In south-west, the areas around Hotel Radisson Blue may be affected. In central Delhi, the drill may disrupt traffic around Sansad Marg, Pragati Power Corporation and IP Estate. In east, the areas around the petrol pump in Mayur Vihar ph-I and Gazipur Phool Mandi are to be affected.The Metro Yellow and Blue lines may be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17472168", "title": "Head or tail? Odds aren't 50-50", "text": "London: Tossing a coin to settle an argument? Your chances of winning are not exactly 50-50 !If a coin is flipped with its heads side facing up, it will land the same way 51 out of 100 times, a Stanford researcher has claimed. According to math professor Persi Diaconis, the probability of flipping a coin and guessing which side lands up correctly is not really 50-50 .He claims that a natural bias occurs when coins are flipped , which results in the side that was originally facing up returning to that same position 51% of the time, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Diaconis came to this conclusion after determining that no matter how hard a coin is flipped , the side that started up will spend more time facing up most of the time. One way of thinking about this, as noted in an article from Coding Wheel, is to look at the ratio of even and odd numbers starting from one.What you'll discover is that no matter what number you stop at, there will never be more even numbers than odd numbers in that sequence, the paper said. The coin flips work in much the same way.Diaconis first realized that coin flips were not random after he and his colleagues managed to rig a coin-flipping machine to get a coin to land heads every time.He and his team then asked humans subjects do the same thing over and over, recording the results with a high speed camera. Though the results were a little more random , they still ended up with the 51-49 % margin.Diaconis noted that the randomness is attributed to the fact that when humans flip coins, there are a number of different motions the coin is likely to make.For instance, he showed how coins don't just move end to end, but also in a circular motion, like a tossed pizza. He also found that there are ways to flip a coin where it looks like it is tumbling in the air, but in reality, it doesn't move at all. Diaconis proved this by tying a ribbon to a coin and showing how in four of 10 cases the ribbon would remain flat after the coin was caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472298", "title": "Demonstration held against misuse of IT Act", "text": "PUNE: Students, IT employees and activists of the Democratic Youth Federation of India held a demonstration to create awareness against the misuse of section 66A of the IT Act, at the Hinjewadi IT Park (Phase I) on Monday.Section 66A was intended to prevent the use of the internet to spread hate or incite violence and enmity between groups through social networking websites, email, blogs, video streaming services etc. \"The section is fast taking on the proportion of a blind and draconian law under which our fundamental right to free speech and the right to express differing views is being curbed,\" a press release issued by the protesters said.Activists said that the arrests of a professor in Kolkata, employees of private firms and young girls from Palghar during this year were a few examples of the misuse of the act. These threats are even more pronounced in big cities, including Pune, where the internet-using population is large, they said.\"This poses a threat to a wide range of processes which are central to our democracy, such as freedom of the press, freedom of ideological/political groups to express and propagate their views and the right of individual citizens to have and express opinions which may be against the powers that be,\" the activists said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472235", "title": "PMC seeks Maharashtra's nod for road work in merged villages", "text": "PUNE: Since the standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation has failed to take a call on widening of roads in 23 merged villages, the civic administration has approached the state government for a nod to the proposal.Congress corporator Aba Bagul told the reporters that the state government has special powers to approve if the civic panel fails to decide on any proposal within the stipulated time frame.In March 2011, Bagul had proposed that the roads in these merged villages that fall within the PMC limits be widened by 50%, anticipating an increase in the number of vehicles in the future. Bagul had forwarded the proposal to the standing committee, which in turn, had sent it to the civic administration. The villages have a 1,000-km-long road network.The Development Plan of the 23 villages was prepared in 2000 and since then the number of vehicles has increased considerably. \"The roads in these villages connect national and state highways and widening them is the need of the hour. Though the civic administration approved the proposal in May 2011, the standing committee failed to decide on the proposal,\" said Bagul.Standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere had earlier said that the committee members were studying the proposal and a decision would be taken in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bongaon", "code": "17470764", "title": "Four of family die in car crash", "text": "Bongaon: Five persons, including four of a constable's family, were killed and six seriously injured after a Scorpio they were travelling in collided head on with a cattle-laden truck at Bongaon-Chakdah Road in Santoshpur, North 24-Parganas, late on Sunday night.While locals said the accident occurred when the truck driver was trying to escape an extortion bid by policemen, the latter blamed fog for the collision. The truck driver, however, managed to flee.At 1.30am on Monday, two families - Samaddars and Basaks - were returning to Nadia, in a Scorpio, from a wedding ceremony at Purbapara in Bongaon. All the 11 persons in the car were residents of Nadia's Fulia. Witnesses said in order to flee from the clutches of cops who were allegedly extorting money, the truck driver sped up, lost control and collided with the Scorpio.Locals took the victims to Gopalnagar State General Hospital where six persons were declared dead. The deceased were identified as constable Gorachand Sammadar, 45, his wife Laxmi, 40 and their children Sayantan and Anuska, and Chiranjit Basak, 32. The six persons injured were later shifted to RG Kar hospital in Kolkata.On Monday, locals put up a road block on Bongaon-Chakdah Road for three hours to protest against the accident. A police team led by Bongaon SDPO Rupantar Sengupta rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control.\"Cases of forcible collection of money and effort on the part of truck drivers to flee led to accidents in the past,\" said a local resident.A senior district police official, however, said, \"The accident may have been the result of a fog. We are looking for the truck driver.\"At least five persons including a constable's family of four were killed and six others were critically injured after a Scorpio car in which they were travelling collided head-on with a cattle-laden truck on Bongaon-Chakdah Road at Santoshpur near Gopalnagar, North 24-Parganas late on Sunday night. 11 persons including a child were returning home in the car after attending a marriage ceremony while the accident took place. All the injured were taken to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital and condition of them was stated to be critical. Witnesses said, the accident occurred as the truck driver was trying to escape some police men who were allegedly collecting extortion money from the trucks. He sped up but soon lost control and collided with the Scorpio car. The truck driver however fled the spot with his vehicle.The accident occurred around 1.30 am on Monday when the Scorpio car carrying 11 persons was on its way to Nadia from Bongaon along Bongaon-Chakdah Road. Gorachand Samaddar, a constable and posted at Ghola police station in Sodepur and his family members and another Basak family members, all the relatives of a bride and the residents of Fulia in Nadia were returning home in the car after attending the marriage ceremony at Purbapara in Bongaon. The driver of a cattle-laden truck which was coming from opposite direction lost its control and collided with the car.Gorachand Samaddar(45), his wife Laxmi Samaddar(40), the couple's son Syantan and 6-year-old daughter Anuska died at the spot. Another Chiranjit Basak(32) in the car was also killed in the accident. Five others of Basak family and the driver of the Scorpio were critically injured. Locals rushed to the spot and all the persons trapped in the car were rushed to the Gopalnagar State General Hospital where four members of Samaddar family and Chiranjit Basak were declared brought dead. The six injured were later shifted to the RG Kar hospital after their condition deteriorated. \"Around 12.30 am the members of the two families, Samaddar and Basak, left the marriage house and started for their Nadia residence in the Scorpio car. After an hour while the car reached near a police check-post at Santoshpur, the border between the two districts North 24 Parganas and Nadia, the accident occurred. The speeding truck which was loaded by cows tried to flee the spot in a bid to avoid the police personnel standing on the road and allegedly collecting money from the truck drivers forcibly, the driver lost control and hit the Scorpio which was severely damaged. The locals had to smash the windscreen and broke open the doors of the car to rescue all the persons from the mangled car,\" said a relative of the victims.The accident comes only a week after four persons and 16 cows were killed while a cattle-laden truck rammed into another truck on Bongaon-Chakdha Road near Gopalnagar on 25 November while the truck driver had tried to escape some local extortionists claiming to be local club members were collecting extortion money from the cattle traders.The locals alleged that either police or some local youths used to collect extortion money from every truck ferrying cattle. \"The police and the local extortionists have a close nexus. Cases of forcible collection of money and efforts on part of truck drivers to flee had led to accidents even in the past,\" said a local resident.On Monday morning the hundreds of people put up a road block on Bongaon-Chakdah Road for about three hours protesting against the accident. After being informed a police team led by Rupantar Sengupta, SDPO Bongaon rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control.Police however blamed the fog for the accident. \"The accident may have been the result of a fog which lowered the visibility in the area. We are looking for the truck driver,\" a senior district police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475793", "title": "Big open enclosure for 2 elephants proposed", "text": "INDORE: Pachyderms Moti and Champa are ready to move in to a new 'house'.A new open enclosure has been proposed for Moti and Champa near 'Prisoners Park' near the Veterinary Hospital in Mhow. Coming up at an investment of Rs 40 lakh, the zoo is being proposed on the instructions of National Zoo Authority to keep both male and female elephants in an open place and should not be tied with metal chains. \"This is being done to make certain that elephants can move freely throughout the landscape,\" zoo in charge Uttam Yadav said, adding that the proposal is for open enclosure on one acre land.Dr Yadav said Rs 40 lakh would be invested to provide natural surroundings for the pachyderms. A shade together with safety walls on three sides would be constructed. Apart from this, showers and ponds would be made to ensure bathing facilities for Moti and Champa. \"For this, proposals and designs are ready. The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) in a week would tenders in order to construct an open enclosure for elephants on the basis of the previously accepted amount,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17470789", "title": "Buyers falling prey to illegal colonizers", "text": "NOIDA: Illegal colonies continue to thrive as nearly 100 acres have been found to have been encroached by the land mafia who are selling unauthorized plots in Sector 75 of Noida. Local residents say that even though Noida Authority officials know about this, no action has been taken by them yet.Residents allege that scores of people who want to build their dream home in the NCR are being cheated by the illegal colonizers.A TOI team visited Sector 75 and found that the green belt was heavily encroached on. Even construction was being undertaken on some of the plots. When the issue was raised before the Noida Authority, officials assured that they will conduct a drive to raze encroachments from Tuesday. \"We will send a team to conduct a probe and the drive to demolish illegal construction on the land will begin from Tuesday,\" said Noida Authority OSD, Manoj Rai.The illegal colonizers have been taking advantage of the land row that has been going on in Greater Noida for quite some time. Sources said that as homebuyers fear that their investments may get stuck in Noida Extension projects, they are becoming easy prey to the land mafia who have been selling land at Rs 5,000 per square yard after illegally cutting plots on green belts.The role of government agencies will also be put under the scanner as not only are electricity connections being provided to these colonies, but even the properties are being registered. \"The colonizers assure buyers by saying that the land would be regularized and considered as abadi area of neighbouring villages,\" said an Authority source.Sources said that colonizers have been directly approaching the farmers and developing colonies on their farmlands. In some cases, even farmers are engaged in developing these colonies. This trend has been adopted from Loni area of Ghaziabad where illegal colonies have been developed on a large scale on farming land, which is illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "17472715", "title": "Implement education act by March 31: Maharashtra govt to schools", "text": "MUMBAI : The Maharashtra government has issued a diktat to schools falling under all boards , including IB, CBSE and ICSE , to comply with norms of the Right to Education (RTE) Act to adhere to a 'basic minimum requirement' before March 31 . As part of its efforts to effectively implement RTE rules before its mandated deadline ,the governmenthas also passed on powers of the municipal education committees to the civic commissioners beginning this week. This will ensure a large part of education funds could be used for improving the conditions of primary schools.The government in its awareness drive held at the district level on November 9 and 30 has already asked schools to fulfill the requirement without getting into the 'hypothetical ifs and buts' . Those who do not comply will face punitive action . During the meetings , private schools raised objections to which the government categorically clarified the schools are using government facilities and therefore must comply . \"The act is transparent and doesn't require any more explanation from the government . There has been enough effort to create awareness and now we are committed to implement the Actfrom thecoming academic year ,\" additional chief secretary (school education ) J S Sahariya said .Many school principals told TOI that while most of the RTE guidelines have already been implemented , there is still confusion over admissions for the next academic year . Normally , many non-state board schools begin their admission process in mid-November and finish by February . This year , however ,therehasbeen a delayin the process . Rohan Bhat , chairman of the Children's Academy group of schools told TOI that they have postponed their regular admissions for the next academic year until December-end . \"We are finishing the admissions for siblings and children of ex-students . Even thoughtheeducation department claims that the 25% quota rule is applicable to all schools, we haven't received an official notice ,\" saidBhat .Tanya Valecha , principal of Dahisar's Rustomjee Cambridge International School said the institute has started the admission process and has not yet received any requests from parents for admissions under the 25% reservation .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475797", "title": "2 jail inmates seek permission for abortion", "text": "INDORE: Two under-trial women inmates housed in district jail have sought permission for abortion. Both have been booked on charges of killing their husbands.The district jail superintendent Santosh Solanki confirmed that the inmates had verbally sought permission for abortion during a routine parade of under-trials a couple of days ago. However, on Monday they gave their request in writing.Solanki further said that the inmates came to district jail on November 22 and are being tried for killing their husbands in two different incidents. The inmates already have children and have expressed their desire not to have any more children, said Solanki quoting the inmates.\"Because, the inmates are being tried in the court, we will submit their written before the court which will decide on it,\" said Solanki.One of the inmates is a resident of Azad Nagar, who had reportedly killed her husband by setting him on fire. She had allegedly killed her husband because he was trying to push her in flesh trade. She hails from Mandsaur district and had rented a room here about five months ago.The other inmate had allegedly stoned her husband to death when he was trying to throw their children in front of a bus. She along with her husband and three daughters was residing in Industrial area, Banganga.At the time of the incident, the couple were returning from the residence of a guest when her husband tried to push her children in front of a vehicle and she attacked him with stones. After injuring her husband, she herself reached the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17475127", "title": "No water to quench sun temple's thirst at Modhera", "text": "PALANPUR: If you are planning to visit the world-famous sun temple at Modhera, be sure you carry along sufficient drinking water as there is no waft of 'Khushboo Gujarat Ki' here. In fact, there is a definite stench in the air.While the intricate carvings may leave you wanting for more, brace up to the fact that you won't even get drinking water here, forget other amenities.All the taps are running dry and thousands of tourists flocking to Modhera have to spend heavily on bottled mineral water to quench their thirst and return disappointed. In fact, there is no place to even relieve yourself.\"There is no water for drinking. Urinals are in a bad condition,\" says a woman visitor from Surat.Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan may have promoted Modhera in his 'Khusboo Gujarat Ki' campaign but it seems that the Mehsana district administration hardly cares.Arif Aghariya, senior conservator of monuments, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), said, \"The work to replace the damaged water pipeline is on. Hence, the tourists are facing drinking water problem. The issue would be resolved soon.\"The 14-acre garden near the temple is nothing but arid land crying for renovation. Surprisingly, caretakers claim they have no money. The in-charge of garden on the premises, Jayanti Patel said, \"The grass and plants in the garden have dried up for want of water since a month. There was no grant to carry out necessary repair of the pipeline.\"Jayendra Modi, a tourist from Ahmedabad, said, \"First there is algae on the water tap and second it has dried up. This tells how careless the administration has been and for so long.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17473041", "title": "22-year-old gets lifer for murder over trivial fight", "text": "NAGPUR: Ad hoc district and additional sessions judge KL Vyas sentenced to rigorous life imprisonment and fine Rs 25,000 to a man who had stabbed a labour contractor to death over a minor issue. The court also ordered an additional six months imprisonment to Mankesh Sadmake in case of default in paying the fine.Judge Vyas also directed that the fine amount, after being recovered, be distributed among dependents of the deceased Lakhan Sahu. Sahu was present at Borgaon-based Geeta Automobiles, owned by Uday Mahanto, to get his bike's battery repaired on the day of incident on April 10 this year. Sadmake too had come to get his bike's chain repaired. Sadmake had unintentionally damaged the battery cover belonging to Sahu. The deceased was left enraged by Sadmake's negligent act. Sahu wanted Sadmake to compensate him. Sadmake flatly refused. This led to a scuffle. A humiliated Sadmake left the place in a huff only to return with a kitchen knife from his residence close to the garage.Sadmake stabbed Sahu in the chest and fled. Sahu was rushed to Gittikhadan police station by garage mechanic Lokesh Kokhale before being taken to Mayo hospital where he was pronounced dead. An offence of murder was registered against Sadmake who was subsequently arrested. Additional public prosecutor Deepak Kolhe said prosecution examined 12 witnesses. \"We had direct evidence in the form of the depositions made by the garage owner and his attendant who had seen the incident and also later taken Sahu to hospital,\" said Kolhe. He was assisted in the case by APP Satish R Rode.APP Kolhe said the court relied on clinching eyewitness accounts to reach a conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470531", "title": "Sukhdev Singh Namdhari\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s gunman arrested in Ponty Chadha case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sixteen days after a shootout claimed the lives of businessman Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep and exactly ten days after former Uttarakhand Minorities Commission chairperson Sukhdev Singh Namdhari was arrested by the crime branch, Namdhari's personal security officer Sachin Tyagi was arrested on Monday.The crime branch has arrested Tyagi, a constable of Uttarakhand Police, for his role in the conspiracy that led to the murder of Hardeep on November 17. Tyagi (27) joined as a constable in Uttarakhand Police in 2005 and was Namdhari's PSO since January 31. With his arrest, the number of people arrested in the case has risen to nine.\"During investigations, it emerged that Tyagi had arrived in Delhi along with Sukhdev Singh Namdhari without making a diary entry at a police station. Neither did he inform the DCP (Security) about his movements. He used his official weapon in an unauthorised manner and fired at Hardeep Chadha. Namdhari, himself, was in possession of the 0.30 bore pistol but did not have a permit for bringing the weapon to Delhi. During initial investigations, Tyagi neither informed us that Namdhari had shot at Hardeep nor the fact that that he possessed an illegal weapon. We, therefore, arrested him,\" DCP (Crime) SBS Tyagi said.Police said Narender Ahlawat, the security officer of Ponty Chadha, may also be arrested. \"He gave us contradictory statements. He claimed he had not seen anything, becoming unconscious after being shot at. We found he had driven to the Gurgaon hospital himself, picking his wife up on his way. The fact remains that he had tried to mislead us and he, too, was trespassing in the farmhouse,\" said a top crime branch officer.Police are mulling the option of Tyagi turning approver. A criminal conspiracy charge would lay him open to being slapped with murder charges and police believe Hardeep's private guard Subodh Tyagi's statement will hold the key to seeking his conviction and that of Namdhari. Subodh has alleged that Hardeep shot Ponty and was trying to return to the farmhouse when he was shot by Namdhari. Sources claimed that Tyagi opened fire only after Namdhari did and that Namdhari did not stop firing his weapon. Namdhari has said he did not fire at Hardeep and that he fired in self defence. Subodh was present in another vehicle parked behind Hardeep's car - a Mercedes. Police are now studying the conversation that took place between Namdhari and his associates just before and after the murder.A senior police officer, who said they are investigating all angles including whether or not Namdhari fired at Ponty resulting in his death, said Namdhari handed over the gun he used to shoot at Hardeep to Tyagi. \"Tyagi handed the firearm to a Sonu who gave it to Satnam. Tyagi knew it was important evidence but helped Namdhari,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471220", "title": "'Pool of talent in pure sciences needed'", "text": "PANAJI: Addressing Goa's top performers of Class X pursuing science stream in Class XI at a science camp organized by the National institute of oceanography (NIO) in Dona Paula, chief minister Manohar Parrikar stressed the need to change the trend of pursuing professional courses.Students from 22 higher secondary schools of Goa participated in the five- day camp - INSPIRE (Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research) - integrating lectures and practical sessions. They were mentored by 12 renowned scientists of different science disciplines from various institutions. They were also exposed to the state- of- art facilities available at the 3 premiere institutes of Goa, namely Indian Council for Agricultural Research (Old Goa), National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research (Vasco-da-Gama) and NIO.In his inaugural speech, the Parrikar emphasized the importance of basic science and the need for the nation to create a pool of talent in pure sciences. He said that if he had got an opportunity again in his life to select a course, he would have probably opted to do PhD in physics.S.W.A. Naqvi, director, CSIR-NIO in his welcome address, expressed confidence that this initiative will go a long way in inspiring the youth of Goa to pursue careers in science so that Goa will produce many more Anil Kakodkars and Ragunath Mashelkars.Space scientist J.N. Goswami, director of physical research laboratory, Amedabad, delivered the key note address on \"Exploring the unknown: The solar system and beyond\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17471654", "title": "HC raps govt over setting up Tasmac shop near girls school", "text": "Madurai: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court, on Monday came down on the government while hearing a plea seeking the court's intervention in removing a Tasmac liquor shop situated near a girls' school in Kollankode in Kanyakumari district.A Russel Raj of Talakkanvilai has filed a public interest litigation petition contending that the Tasmac shop was set up within 50 metres from the Sridevi Girls Higher Secondary School where more than 1,000 students are studying and 35 teachers are working. It was also situated within 60 metres from the church.The petition came up before the division bench comprising Justices M Jayachandran and S Nagamuthu.The petitioner's counsel, C Muthu Saravanan told the court that due to the crowd, which gather at the liquor shop and the bar, the girl students are affected along with the general public.\"Liquor shops shall not be established within a distance of 50 metres in municipal corporation and municipalities and 100 metres in other areas from any place of worship or educational institutions under Rule 8 of the Tamil Nadu Liquor Retail Vending (In Shops and Bars) Rules, 2003. On the basis of it, a representation was given to the concerned authorities. But no action was taken on their part. Hence, a petition has been filed,\" the counsel told.After hearing this, the bench came down on the government. The bench asked the pleader who represents the government and how such shops are permitted while the Act itself forbids them to do it? The bench ordered to issue notice to the authority to reply to this matter within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17472489", "title": "Power bill goes up third time in a year", "text": "KOLKATA: For the third time in 12 months, households in the city will feel the pinch of a power tariff hike. Brace for a 20% rise in electricity bill as the unit cost that was at Rs 5.09 last December has shot up by Re 1 with hikes in March, May and now December. Since the hike is effective from April 2012, consumers will feel the burden of arrears, too.But power consumers in Salt Lake and the rest of the state won't feel the bite of a 22% hike, thanks to a queer equation in which arrears and variable costs have been absorbed in the increase.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is averse to any kind of tariff hike that burdens the common man. So, although West Bengal State Electricity Development Corporation Ltd (WBSEDCL) raised the unit rate from Rs 4.96 to Rs 6.07 (with effect from May 2012), there will be minimal change in the actual bill.No such luck for Kolkatans. The State Electricity Regulatory Commission (SERC) on Monday allowed CESC an average tariff revision of 1%, taking the per-unit cost from Rs 6.03 to Rs 6.09. The hike has not spared 'lifeline consumers' (the base slab), who use less than 25 units amonth. They will have to pay 2 paisa per unit more (Rs 3.20 to Rs 3.22). In the other slabs, the hike will be from 2 to 4 paisa per unit. But with the revision effective from April 2012, arrears of eight months will be collected in eight instalments. That means bills from December to July will go up by 2% on average.No change in state power utility's duesThe tariff revision will increase CESC's revenue from Rs 5,500 crore to Rs 5,555 crore, said an official.In the rest of Bengal, the basic tariff went up by Rs 1.11 as SERC allowed the utility to convert the variable charges and arrears that it has been collecting since May 2011 into actual tariff cost. Only the monthly variable cost adjustment that had not been done for eight months (April 2011 to November 2011) will be added to the bill along with the eight months this year (April to November ). Since the payment has to be made in 48 installments , consumers are unlikely to feel the pinch, say WBSEDCL officials.Price of electricity consumed in domestic households had shot up from Rs 4.96 to Rs 5.38 in December 2011. In February, it was further hiked to Rs 5.76 and then to Rs 6.07 in May 2012. \"Since the overall bill value does not go up, our revenue will remain Rs 10,000 crore and there will be no change in dues that stand at Rs 21,000 crore,\" a WBSEDCL official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472682", "title": "Come 2013, Wikipedia will start talking", "text": "MUMBAI: Popular community encyclopedia Wikipedia will launch oral features by way of aspeak button which could take its information to a wider range of persons. The new features may be unveiled at a Wikipedia summit being hosted by India for the first time, next year. '\"We realized that literacy in India is low and technology was proving to be a barrier,\" said Abhishek Suryawanshi of Wikipedia Club India, which will host the summit in Pune, explaining the idea behind Spoken Wikipedia . The group will provide the new oral features in English and 18 Indian languages. They also plan to tie up with cellphone operators so that audio files connected to Wiki can also be circulated freely via mobiles as India has a higher teledensity than internet.US consul-general Peter Haas, who kicked off an introductory session to the summit on Monday, welcomed the move as being particularly beneficial to disabled persons, especially since it coincided with the International Day of Persons with Disabilities. \"Wikipedia is transparent , collaborative and provides information in an objective and non-biased wayfeatures essential for an open society,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17470772", "title": "FNG corridor to be freed of illegal land occupation", "text": "NOIDA: Following its decision to speed up work on the much-awaited Faridabad-Noida-Ghaziabad (FNG) corridor project, the Noida Authority has decided to begin its planned anti-encroachment drive along the site of the proposed highway from December 6.The anti-encroachment drive was proposed earlier in September this year to rid the area of all unauthorized construction and infringements.While the authorities had managed to free around 10,000 sqm of land worth around Rs 200 crore in the first two days at the time, the drive fizzled out soon after.However, following a meeting of the Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran with the chief engineer and work circle heads of the concerned area, the Authority has planned to resume the drive from Thursday. The drive will rid the proposed FNG corridor site as well as the land around it of encroachments to pave way for the construction work of the 16km stretch of the corridor that falls under the jurisdiction of the Noida Authority.\"The site for the proposed corridor as well as the entire stretch around it is heavily encroached upon mostly by people from neighbouring villages who intend to cut out illegal plots and develop unauthorized colonies in the area,\" said an Authority official. \"However, we have decided to put an end to any such activity once and for all. The drive that will last for about a week will ensure that the entire area is free of encroachments,\" he said.The Authority has already made public its decision to treat the project on a \"priority basis\". Officials now say that with the drive later this week, all problems related to the project will be \"resolved at once and the construction work will be fast tracked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470407", "title": "Smuggler taken to Mumbai to recover cars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arrested car smuggler Sumit Walia (27) was on Saturday taken to Mumbai to recover the two Audis that he had taken from a businessman with the promise of giving him a brand-new Porsche in return.The case was registered at the crime branch by businessman Harsvardhan Reddy, who has home in Delhi, Mumbai and Dubai. Walia had taken Reddy's cars and Rs 35 lakhs and promised him a new Porsche car, said additional DCP (crime) Bhishma Singh.However, Walia neither brought him the Porsche nor returned his money and cars.The police said they received a tip-off that Walia had sold both the cars to a businessman in Mumbai for an initial sum of Rs 50 lakh.\"We have taken Walia on a six-day remand to Mumbai and we will be contacting the person who bought the two cars. We have high hopes of recovering both the Audi cars,\" said Singh.Walia was arrested last month for cheating a prominent bank of Rs 4 crore, but he has earlier faced several other cases of cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17473695", "title": "Oppn parties slam Gogoi on influx issue", "text": "GUWAHATI: The war of words between chief minister Tarun Gogoi and opposition parties over the issue of illegal influx from Bangladesh has heated up after a visiting delegation of Bangladesh MPs said India has never discussed the issue with the neighbouring country at the diplomatic level.AGP and BJP slammed Gogoi, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chief Sonia Gandhi of shielding the Bangladeshis for their vote bank politics. However, Gogoi denied the charges.\"When the delegation from Bangladesh denied any influx from Bangladesh to Assam , the chief minister, at a public meeting, also sang the same tune. Moreover, the foreign delegation said the matter of influx was never discussed at the diplomatic level. Are not the Centre and the state government cheating us despite promising to work on the influx issue?,\" said Durga Das Boro, the general secretary of AGP.On Saturday, a visiting all-party delegation of Bangladeshi MPs said New Delhi has never raised the issue of infiltration at diplomatic level with Bangladesh and has never asked Bangladesh to take back the migrants declared as illegal settlers by Indian courts. The Bangladesh delegation is on a five-day visit to India for India-Bangladesh Parliamentary Dialogue in New Delhi and Guwahati, organized by FICCI. Later on Sunday, Gogoi, at a public rally at Juria in Nagaon district, said there is not a single Bangladeshi in Assam.Criticizing Gogoi for maintaining \"double standards\", BJP state president Sarbananda Sonowal said, \"Now, the truth is out in the open. The Centre and the state government have never tried to solve the problem of influx.\"On the other hand, the chief minister, in a press statement, said he never made a statement that there was not a single Bangladeshi in the state. \"I even took up the issue of influx with Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina during my visit to Dhaka with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in September, 2011,\"said Gogoi in the statement.\"I have never denied the presence of illegal immigrants in Assam. If that would have been the case, my government would not have brought out a white paper on the foreigners' issue,\" said the chief minister. He added that he also raised the influx issue with the delegation from Bangladesh who met him at his official residence late on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17475925", "title": "30 babus went abroad in 4 years", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Monday said at least 30 senior bureaucrats went on foreign tours between 2009 and 2012. However, he did not give details of total expenditure borne by the state exchequer.In a written reply to a question by BJP legislator Karendra Majhi in the assembly, the chief minister said the senior bureaucrats include chief secretary B K Patnaik, who went on a seven-day tour of London in November 2011 to attend a seminar and meetings on infrastructure finance. The state government had to spend Rs 1.65 lakh.For other officers, he did not give any details and said expenses were borne by respective sponsored agencies either at the central or state level.Senior IAS officer Suresh Chandra Mohapatra tops the list with highest number of days spent abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470549", "title": "Roy to be TMC's sole speaker for FDI debate?", "text": "KOLKATA: On November 17, Trinamool Congress MP Saugata Roy came in for criticism in a parliamentary party meeting chaired by chief minister Mamata Banerjee at her Writers' chambers for \"unilaterally\" tabling a plea to Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar for a discussion-and-vote on FDI in retail under rule 184. It was decided while Roy would take back his application, Sudip Bandopadhyay would move for a motion of no-confidence. Now, It is perhaps an irony of fate that it is Roy may is likely to be the only be the only Trinamool Congress speaker in Lok Sabha as it debates on FDI in retail with an option to vote.All Trinamool Congress MPs were told to be present in Lok Sabha as it debates FDI in retail for two days from Tuesday. The Lok Sabha may vote on Wednesday. Though the word is not out, the 18 Trinamool MPs (excluding Kabir Suman) have been told a whip will be issued before voting.Rajya Sabha is likely to discuss and vote on it on December 6-7. tnnIn Rajya Sabha, chief whip Derek O' Brien is likely to be the speaker. Trinamool has kept its options open on whether or not to vote on the issue, which it had been opposing. Trinamool's logic is, the debate and discussion is only a half-measure of protest. No-confidence motion was the best way to register a protest. The Centre will never allow a discussion unless sure that it has the majority backing it in the floor of the house reducing the entire process to a farce. It, however, really does not explain how the party will calibrate its role reversal from a high pitch protest to a whimper to its local electorate in Bengal.For Roy, all this had weighed in his mind when he was first of the blocks to demand for a discussion and debate under rule 184. Later, eight parties chose to tread the path for which he reportedly came in for criticism within his own party. Now, BJP , Shiv Sena , CPM, CPI, BJD, JD (U), AIADMK and PDP have all followed suit to demand a discussion and vote in Lok Sabha under rule 184. Instead when Bandopadhyay tabled the no-confidence motion in Lok Sabha on November 22, Speaker disallowed it as it could not muster the required support of 50 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17471725", "title": "Keep your raincoats ready", "text": "BANGALORE: A burst of rain late on Monday evening sent Bangaloreans scurrying for cover in several parts of the city. The rain did not derail normal life though parts of the city like Banashankari and Indiranagar plunged into darkness following disruption in power supply.The rain started around 8.30 pm and remained intermittent till late in the night. The weatherman has predicted more rainfall during the next two days.According to meteorology department officials, the day time temperatures may significantly drop during the next few days as well. They attributed the change in weather to the trough of low pressure off the Chennai coast.\"There has been cloud formation for the past few days but on Monday the clouds came closer to the Chennai coast, so we are expecting more showers from Tuesday. We are expecting the rain to last for two days at least,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471961", "title": "Faculty recruitment at AIIMS from December 10", "text": "RAIPUR: Recruitment process for para clinical and clinical departments of all the newly set up six AIIMS like institutes, including the one in Raipur, will start from December 10.Talking to TOI, Dr Nitin Nagarkar, director, AIIMS, Raipur, said that the interviews will begin from December 10 in Delhi.\"Interview for 22 departments will start in December and will continue till Feb 12,\" he said.According to information, para clinical (Pharmacology, Radio-diagnosis, Microbiology, nursing) interviews for faculty posts will be conducted in December only and clinical department's interview (Orthopedics, Gynaecology Pediatric) will start in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17473083", "title": "Process to find Anna University VC begins", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has started the process of appointing a vice-chancellor for Anna University by naming a 15-member syndicate to nominate a person for a three-member search committee for the post. The government and soon-to-be revived academic council will nominate the other two members of the search committee.The post of vice-chancellor fell vacant after Mannar Jawahar completed his term in June. The government appointed a three-member panel to take care of university affairs, ahead of the merger of the Anna Universities of Technologies in Chennai, Coimbatore, Madurai, Trichy and Tirunelveli in August. P Kaliraj of Alagappa College of Technology assumed charge as officiating VC and replaced the panel in August. The 12 constituent colleges of the respective AUTs are now part of AUT, Chennai, on the lines of College of Engineering, Guindy, Alagappa College of Technology, Madras Institute of Technology and SAP School of Architecture.\"The new syndicate will nominate a member for a search committee for VC shortly,\" Kaliraj said. The committee is expected to decide on the date of convocation for the last academic year, as 1.5 lakh students from five AUTs and its 535 affiliated colleges have not been provided with degree certificates yet.The syndicate will also nominate members for the finance committee. The first meeting of the syndicate is likely to take place between December 15 and 22. \"A 100-member academic council will also be set up in a week,\" Kaliraj said. The names that are recommended by government and vice-chancellor will be nominated by Governor and chancellor K Rosaiah.The new syndicate will be headed by the VC as ex-officio chairman, while secretaries of higher education, industries, information technology, law and director of technical education will be ex-officio members. Saint Gobain Glass India managing director B Santhanam and Thiagarajar College of Engineering correspondent Karumuthu T Kannan will represent industry and research institutions. The members, other than the ex-officio members, will hold office for a period of three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475074", "title": "Five B'wood stars feature at Madame Tussauds Washington", "text": "Incredibly life-like wax figures of five Hindi cinema legends, including megastar Amitabh Bachchan and superstar Shah Rukh Khan , will be on display at Madame Tussauds Washington D.C. through the end of the year as part of a travelling Bollywood exhibit at the famed wax attraction.Two colourfully dressed dancers in turquoise and shiny gold sequined outfits will sway and swing in synchronous rhythm as they perform a fusion of traditional and modern Indian dances to help launch the new exhibit here Tuesday.The exhibit features Amitabh, regarded as one of the most influential actors in the history of Indian cinema, Shah Rukh, one of Bollywood's most renowned actors and often referred to as 'King Khan', and Aishwarya Rai , one of the leading contemporary actresses of Indian cinema who was featured in the blockbuster action thriller \"Dhoom 2\".Also featured are Hrithik Roshan , acclaimed actor and recipient of numerous best actor awards, and Kareena Kapoor , who is noted for her performances across a range of film genres - from romantic dramas and comedies to independent films and major Bollywood productions.The dancers, from the Rhythmaya School of Dance, will open the event with a brief performance combining elements of both traditional and modern Indian dance styles, according to a media release.Rhythmaya is a contemporary dance instruction and performance group dedicated to keeping South Asian dance traditions alive, and specialises in teaching Indian dance forms in a style that speaks to people of all ages, backgrounds and abilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17470318", "title": "Cricket board vs DY Patil: Whose fault is it anyway?", "text": "MUMBAI: If you don't prepare well for a tour, make sure that others can't as well. That seems to be the mantra with the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). The BCCI has taken an exception to the DY Patil Sports Academy hosting England's Performance Programme squad's practice session at its Navi Mumbai facility.Apparently, a decision was taken at the Board's Annual General Meeting (AGM) that any state association that was hosting an international team, must do so after seeking permission from the Board.The BCCI had, therefore, sought an explanation from the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA), which in turn, asked Vijay Patil, the owner of the DY Patil Stadium, about the same.The Board's grouse is that the England 'A' team was getting a chance to familiarise themselves with the conditions even as the senior side was denied practice against a quality spinner in the tour matches.\"The DY Patil stadium is a private club, and not funded by us. It has become an issue because Patil is now the vice-president of the MCA and the Board felt that we should have known the rules,\" MCA president Ravi Sawant told TOI on Monday.When asked whose fault was it, Sawant said, \"The English Cricket Board's (ECB). They should have informed the BCCI beforehand. Patil too should have formally intimated us about this and we would have informed the BCCI. It was a matter of protocol for us as a member association.\" Savant added that the issue is closed now, and Patil has been told that in future, he needs to inform the MCA about such tours.Patil, understandably was reluctant to talk about the issue, but a source at the academy couldn't understand what all the fuss was about. \"The ECB sought our facilities and we were happy to provide them at a nominal price. We never knew about this new rule imposed by the Board. If their cricketers are making use of our facilities, which are open for anyone, why is it an issue? People are trying to give the whole thing a different colour and are bringing politics into it,\" he said.\"The ECB sends its high performance programme team to whichever country they tour. They did it in Australia and Sri Lanka too. Instead of learning from them in how to prepare for foreign conditions, we are doing the opposite. Tomorrow, the ECB they might stop our cricketers from playing in the leagues and counties on the pretext that the Indian cricketers are getting acclimatised to English conditions. That may hurt many Indian cricketers, who earn good money by playing as overseas professionals in England,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17470154", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Amit Mishra gives Haryana edge over Delhi", "text": "LAHLI: Somebody needed to help Delhi grab the game by the scruff of its neck after conceding an 83-run lead to Haryana in the first session of the third day of their Ranji Trophy Group B match here on Monday. Unfortunately, that did not happen.Left-arm spinner Vikas Mishra did it for a while, as Delhi had the hosts struggling at 109/6 in the 42nd over of the innings with Vikas picking up three. It seemed then that Unmukt Chand's loose shot while on 86 and Delhi consequently being bowled out for 224 would not matter much as the match was wide open.But Shikhar Dhawan's boys soon lost the plot as Haryana skipper Amit Mishra brought the strokes out of his kitty and breezed to a half century, deflating Delhi in the process. By stumps, the home team was 167 for four in their second innings, 250 runs ahead. In the driver's seat. Such was Mishra's confidence that he charged Vikas who was extracting prodigious turn and bounce, and lofted him over mid-on off the last ball of the day to bring up his fifty.If only Vikas (3/57 in 26 overs) had found support from the other specialist spinner Manoj Chauhan, things could have been different. Instead, it was seamers Sumit Narwal - who got two batsmen hooking - and Parvinder Awana kept coming at the batsmen. Awana opening up the dangerous Sachin Rana and sending the stumps flying to the wicketkeeper was the sight of the day.Delhi's story has been the same throughout the season so far - not being able to polish off their efforts. It was turning out to be Unmukt's best first-class innings of his career until he let his flashy play outside the off-stump get the better of him in the sixth over of the day. He was caught behind, slashing Ashish Hooda off the back foot. Twice, in as many innings, he has thrown his wicket after starting fresh the next morning. And his walk back to the dugout, at snail's pace, suggested he knew he had let his team down.At 186/7, it was up to Mithun Manhas - struggling with neck spasms - to get close to Haryana's total of 307. Struggling to time his big shots, Manhas mustered a half-century, batting with the tail. But that was that.If one goes by Haryana's position, the declaration should come early in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471030", "title": "Centre sanctions Rs 70cr for Kushinagar airport project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Union finance ministry has sanctioned Rs 70.93 crore for the international airport at Kushinagar. The money has been approved under the ministry's Viability Gap Funding (VGF) scheme, state tourism officials said on Monday. State tourism secretary Manoj Kumar Singh had made a presentation on the airport project to the ministry about a month back.\"The consent for financial assistance was received by the tourism department a few days ago,\" said Bharti Singh, officer on special duty, UP Tourism. Citing the secretary, she said, \"This would give the much needed infrastructure boost to the project.\"The amount sanctioned by the Union government will cover 20% cost of the project. The state government has already committed to pay an equal amount. While about 40% of the cost will come from the private bidder, who would be selected for the project, efforts are being made to generate the remaining 20% share. Sources in the department said the portion would most likely come from the state government though possibilities of 'equal share of responsibility' are also being explored.Kushinagar, where Lord Buddha attained Mahaparinirvana, is a world famous pilgrimage centre. The airport project, officials say, would give thrust to Buddhist tourism in the state. Buddhism is the world's fourth largest religion with more than 48 crore followers in 20 countries. But only a handful of them visit India, the land of Buddhism.Kushinagar though remains a popular destination for Buddhists coming to India since Lord Buddha gave his last sermon and attained salvation here. So, what Kashi means to Hindus, Kushinagar means to the Buddhists.\"These facts not only hint towards the potential (of Kushinagar), they underscore the need for an international airport,\" said officials. They added that the current accessibility (by road) to Kushinagar is time-taking and tiring and so the proposed international airport would facilitate the pilgrims from world over to visit the place. The proposed Maitreya project in Kushinagar - whierein a mega statue of Lord Buddha would be built -- is expected to add to the rush provided the projects doesn't move to Bihar.Officials claimed that the project is coming up at a rapid pace. The selected site for the project is located less than a kilometre from the East West Corridor Project of the NHAI on National Highway 28, hence it has a very high potential for transportation of Cargo. It would have a runway of 3,200 meters, which can have flights from far countries like Japan, Korea, Saudi Arabia among others. The land acquisition for the airport project is complete and has got all clearances including the in-principle approval of the steering Committee of civil aviation ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17473018", "title": "No water for 2 days at rly station, GMCH, Mayo too", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is all set to stop water supply for two days from early on Tuesday morning to almost half the city, across Central, South and parts of East and North Nagpur. Water supply will also be disrupted to Nagpur Central railway station, Ajni railway station, and major hospitals like Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH), Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH), Tukdoji Cancer Hospital and the Super Specialty Hospital.Since it is a planned shut down to execute development works, it was expected that NMC would ensure alternative arrangements for at least emergency services like hospitals and railway stations. However, NMC and private operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) officials have clearly expressed their inability to ensure supply of water through tankers over these two days, despite having water tankers at their disposal.NMC and OCWL have not budged despite repeated directions from mayor Anil Sole to ensure alternative arrangements for affected areas. On Monday, Sole again directed officials to ensure water supply to some extent through water tankers, but did not get a positive response from NMC and OCWL officials.On Monday, Sole, leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle, NIT trustee Ravindra Bhoyar, deputy executive engineer RD Jadhav and other officials from NMC and OCWL inspected the master balancing reservoirs (MBR) at Rajbhavan premises, where works are to be executed. NMC is cleaning and renovating the MBRs under the Central government's JNNURM scheme.All the three MBRs are interconnected and will have to be isolated from each other. NMC proposes to isolate the MBRs and undertake other works like installation of bypass pipelines over the two-day shut down.Kohle said water supply will stop at 10am on Tuesday and normalize by Thursday morning. \"Citizens may get water supply till Tuesday afternoon due to storage in overhead water tanks. The shut down will be for 24 hours, and other 24 hours will be required to normalize water supply. We are confident of normalizing water supply by Thursday morning,\" he said.Datke said water supply through tankers in next to impossible. \"Citizens should store water to prevent any inconvenience, which is possible since the shut down is not too long.\"In a press release issued jointly by NMC and OCWL, it is clearly mentioned that water supply through tankers will not be possible for affected government hospitals too.As for the railway station, Kohle said a letter was sent to Central Railways four days back. \"We have not got any reply from the railway officials, so no alternative arrangement can be put in place now.\"Central Railway PRO PD Patil told TOI directives have been issued to ensure filling of water in the trains either at Ballarshah or Itarsi railway stations. \"These stations are not too far, so there would be no inconvenience. Water stored in our overhead tanks will be utilized on the platforms,\" he said.NMC undertook a similar shut down at Seminary Hills MBRs in September. Citizens of West, South-West and parts of South Nagpur suffered as water supply normalized only after 3 to 4 days. Some schools even declared a holiday due to this.However, NMC and OCWL have assured not to repeat the mistakes of last time, claiming to have done their homework this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17473821", "title": "Cops find tough to check ammonium nitrate menace", "text": "GUWAHATI: City Police are facing difficulties in checking the menace of transportation of \"ammonium nitrate' here due to lack of proper chemical testing facility in the department. Though the city police, from time to time, have seized \"ammonium nitrate\" from various areas, the carriers easily escaped the police trap by saying that it would be used as fertilizers.\"It is very difficult to deal with cases of ammonium nitrate as the chemical has several usages. Some use it in fertilizers and some as explosives in stone quarries. The government notification said its possession and use would invoke penal action only if the composition had 45 per cent or more ammonium nitrate content. But with no proper testing facility at police stations, we are facing difficulty,\" said a top police officer.Earlier in 2011, concerned over the increased use of ammonium nitrate by terror groups in making bombs, the government finally declared the chemical as an \"explosive\". The classification is part of a crackdown against the chemical which has been used to trigger blasts across India. The move to restrict the use of ammonium nitrate was initiated after the 26/11 terror attacks when in December 2008 the home ministry notified it as a \"special category explosive substance\" under the Explosives Substances Act, 1908.\"Making a bomb with ammonium nitrate and fuel oil is not a tough job for an expert because it is readily available. As the city and state are always on alert from various militant groups, we try to seize ammonium nitrate. We don't want to take chances but there should be a proper mechanism. Without it, we fear that genuine users could face stiff penal action too,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17470718", "title": "SIT held back documents, Zakia tells SC", "text": "times news networkNEW DELHI: Zakia Nasim Jafri on Monday complained to the Supreme Court that its Special Investigation Team (SIT) had not provided her crucial documents relating to the probe into her allegation of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and others' role in the 2002 riots.Her counsel Kamini Jaiswal said non-supply of documents blunted her response before the trial court, where the SIT had filed a closure report explaining that there was no prosecutable evidence against Modi to charge him for deliberate tardy action against rioters in February 2002.SIT chairman R K Raghavan and member A K Malhotra told the bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur that every document filed before the trial court had been supplied to Jafri. When Jaiswal pointed out to the court a list of documents which had not been supplied, the bench asked the SIT chairman to examine it and reply on December 10 whether these had been given to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475153", "title": "Tune into 'Aja Dovey Nachiye'", "text": "Epic Bhangra new single titled 'Aja Dovey Nachiye' features the high tenored vocals of Billa Bakshi surrounded by mesmerizing synths, ripping drums and roof raising basslines.That Epic Bhangra rain of singles just won't end! Following the release of his 3 hit singles and a viral tribute song for the late great Kaka Bhainiwala, New York based producer Epic Bhangra is set to finally end this year with one final bang. The new single titled Aja Dovey Nachiye features the high tenored vocals of Billa Bakshi surrounded by mesmerizing synths, ripping drums and roof raising basslines.In a revolutionary year for the Bhangra indusry, Epic Bhangra has been at the forefront of taking Bhangra into a different direction. The rebel sound and unique sonic aesthetics continue to unfurl through this new single. His talent continues to garner widespread recognition among a steadily growing fan base across the globe. The new single is set to release on Dec 20th in all digital stores worldwide.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474917", "title": "Mahesh Babu's SVSC audio at Ramanaidu Studios", "text": "Looks like producer Raju has finalized the venue for the audio release function of Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (SVSC). Reports say that the makers have almost zeroed in on Nanakramguda (Ramanaidu Studios) for the audio launch of the multi-starrer film, starring Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh, to be held on December 15.Generally, producers choose a private auditorium to host the audio launches of the big films since fans and scores of people throng the venue. But rather surprisingly, this time around, the makers of SVSC has considered a private studio.Directed by Srikanth Addala, Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu has music by Mickey J Meyer while Samanta and Anjali are paired opposite Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh. The film is slated for release on January 11, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17474420", "title": "Manipal University will introduce 12 new courses", "text": "MANIPAL: Manipal University will introduce 12 new courses in the forthcoming academic year. At present the varsity is offering 320 courses in 18 streams.GK Prabhu, registrar of Manipal University, said here on Monday that the university would conduct online entrance tests (OET) for all its courses, including MBBS, BTech and BPharm from April 15 to May 15, 2013. The number of test centres has been increased from 30 to 50 this year, he added.\"There is no clarity in the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for admission to medical courses introduced by the Union government. As a result several deemed universities have moved court. We have also moved court against NEET and if the Supreme Court directs us to admit students through NEET, we will do that. However, we will conduct the online entrance tests as per the schedule,\" he added.This year, the university has added a new feature to the entrance test. The candidates will be allowed to take a second test, if they are not satisfied with their performance in the first attempt. \"The better score will be considered for the merit list,\" he said.He also said that even though there is a need for more nurses in the country, there is a decline in the demand for nursing courses. To encourage more students to take up the course, the university has introduced scholarships for nursing students.\"Candidates who have scored above 80% in their 12th standard exam and whose parents' family income is below 12.5 lakh are eligible for the scholarship,\" he added.The university has also increased the funds set aside for scholarships from Rs 18.13 crore to Rs 25.01 crore. \"There is also a 10 percentage tuition fee waiver in all course for Konkani speaking students,\" he said.A few seats in all the courses are reserved for schools and colleges of Academy of General Education. Some of the scholarships offered are Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) scholarship for qualified students, All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) scholarship, merit-cum-means scholarship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470206", "title": "Baby \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsnatcher\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman was arrested on Monday for allegedly trying to steal a male baby from Bara Hindu Rao Hospital. Deepti Bahari (28), a resident of Ghaziabad, allegedly started enquiring about the newborn babies at the maternity ward on November 30. As she got to know that a woman, Meera, had recently given birth to a baby boy, Bahari went to her and started checking the baby with a stethoscope.She lifted the baby, saying he was suffering from fever and should be checked by another doctor. Assuming Bahari to be a doctor, Meera did not object. But her landlady, Arvinder Kaur, followed the woman and got suspicious when Bahari kept the stethoscope in her bag and started walking fast. Arvinder snatched the baby from her. Bahari, a graduate, who had worked at a preparatory school in Delhi, managed to flee but was arrested later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17471436", "title": "Rajasthan Congressmen have high hopes from 'Chintan Shivir'", "text": "JAIPUR: Congressmen in Rajasthan are expecting rich dividends from the forthcoming 'Chintan Shivir' that is being designed to bring the party back to power at the Centre in 2014. The party men believe the session aimed at assessing Congress's ideological and governance positions would also help it woo voters for the Rajasthan assembly elections due in December 2013. The task here, in fact, appears easier, as the opposition BJP is embroiled in infighting among its leaders, while the ruling party has been gradually consolidating itself since the second half of 2012.The Ashok Gehlot government had been under severe public scrutiny with doubts on its performance being raised by its own ministers, parliamentarians, legislators and organization leaders so far. The government now looks to be speedily rectifying that image. The two visits of party supremo Sonia Gandhi and one by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh since August and declaration of public welfare schemes from here have sent the right vibes to the state voters, feel the Congressmen.\"People have always trusted Congress for its welfare schemes. While we were strong here even earlier, the ongoing power tussle in BJP has reinforced people's belief that only Congress can give a steady government,\" said Mumtaz Masih, chairman of the Rajasthan Redressal of Public Grievances Committee.The ruling party is aggressively wooing voters by organizing administrative camps in rural and urban areas, taking measures to ensure execution of Congress's flagship schemes and even appointing a party man as coordinator between the government and the organization.There is, however, hardly any activity visible in the state BJP. Party insiders said the BJP leadership was still struggling with organizational issues like whether the party chief should be replaced, both at the national and the state level, and how much authority could be allowed to the chief ministerial candidate. \"The party is going almost without any leadership. We are more busy securing personal gains than bothering about people's plight under the Congress misrule,\" a BJP state office-bearer said.The Congress, on the other hand, is concentrating on regrouping and training its workers for the assembly elections, which are less than a year away. Before the three-day national level Chintan Shivir fixed from January 18 to 20 next year, a seminar of the Congress workers has been planned at the state-level this month. Selected Congressmen from the party's 400 blocks in the state's 200 assembly constituencies would be heard and trained at the seminar to aim at retaining power in the 2013 elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "namkkal", "code": "17472138", "title": "Vijayakanth before court in defamation case, challenges CM to arrest him", "text": "NAMKKAL: DMDK chief Vijayakanth appeared before a principle district judge court in connection with a defamation case filed against him by a public prosecutor at the Namakkal court.The actor-turned-politician reached the court at 10.30am and spent about half-an-hour at the court premises to complete the formalities. PDJ N Velu took his seat at 10.35am. Advocates S K Velu, R Krishnan and T Raj Kumar had moved a petition under section 205 of CrPC (whenever a magistrate issues a summons, he may, if he sees reason so to do, dispense with the personal attendance of the accused and permit him to appear by his pleader) on behalf of Vijayakanth. But, public prosecutor K Dhanasekaran who filed the complaint against Vijayakanth, argued that the petition should be dismissed. He also argued that this was not a trivial case or petty offence to file a petition under section 205 of CrPC. He pleaded that the PDJ should not accept the petition. After hearing the arguments, PDJ posted the next hearing for February 5, 2013.In his complainant filed before Namakkal PDJ court, Dhanasekaran said that August 17, 2012, DMDK held a meeting, where Vijayakanth alleged many things about the chief minister and the government. His statements were fallacious and defamatory. The intention was to malign the reputation of the chief minister by making false statements, Dhanasekaran said in his complaint. Based on the petition, the PDJ N Velu ordered Vijayakanth to appear before the court on December 3.Later, the DMDK supremo addressed the media in Coimbatore and challenged the chief minister to jail him for highlighting \"genuine grievances of the public\". He spoke to reporters after visiting arrested party MLA S R Parthiban of Mettur constituency at Coimbatore Central Prison. Parthiban and five other party leaders from Mettur were arrested last week on charges of preventing police from discharging their duties during a public meeting. \"Let her police arrest me and put me in jail. I would not mind even if the tenure is one month or one year. Nobody can stop me and my party from espousing public grievances,'' he said. He also accused state police of targeting opposition leaders like him, Karunandhi and Stalin for defamation cases.Parthiban was arrested under sections 143 (whoever is a member of an unlawful assembly), 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint) and 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) of Indian Penal Code. \"Nobody is above criticism and Jayalalithaa is not an exception to that. Power outages and dengue fever are crippling the state,'' Vijayakanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470489", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers fleece, turn away commuters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commuters in the city continue to face harassment at the hands of autorickshaw drivers. From point-blank refusal to ferry commuters and charging exorbitant rates at odd hours, to fleecing soft targets like tourists and women stranded at bus stops, the complaints are many.\"I have been trying to catch an auto for so long, but the drivers simply refuse to go... The traffic police needs to its act together and rein in rogue auto drivers,\" said Megha Vij, a banker.This year, according to Delhi traffic police's own reckoning, they have issued just 273 challans for refusal to ferry a commuter and 398 for overcharging and misbehaviour. The traffic cops, however, admit that the actual violations are much higher. \"We take action whenever we get a complaint or a violation comes to our notice... Perhaps, the demand cannot be met by the number of autos plying. As more autos are introduced, the problem should be solved to a great degree,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint CP traffic.However, some disagree. \"The root of the problem is the fleecing, refusal and misbehaviour of auto drivers,\" said Prakash Rautela, a businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472691", "title": "Mentally ill find gainful work in rural job scheme", "text": "CHENNAI: Ritika Joseph, 35, couldn't dream of owning jewellery till recently. Today there is a glitter in her eyes as she keeps touching her gold earrings and nose stud every few minutes. \"I bought it for Diwali,\" she says shyly.Ritika's is one of the hundreds of happy tales of women with mental illness in Tamil Nadu who have been given work under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA). The state is the first to employ such people under the national scheme, which offers employment for one member of every family in a village for 100 days a year at a minimum wage of 100 a day.Married at 20, Ritika slipped into depression when her husband began torturing her. \"He would beat me up often, constantly ask me to get money from my father,\" she says. After three years, her father took her children in and, unable to care for her, admitted her to The Banyan, an NGO for destitute and mentally ill women. She used to suffer relapses of depression and psychosis despite being given anti-depressants.All that changed when she was given 791 for six days of hard labour at a MGNREGA work site in Kovalam, 35km from Chennai on East Coast Road. \"It was extremely tiring to dig pits, sweep roads, carry pots of water and plant saplings. The anti-depressants I was taking made me feel drowsy,\" she says. \"However, the hard work is worth it, when you consider the salary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17470202", "title": "Baby girl found dead in water drum, murder case registered", "text": "HYDERABAD: An 18-day-old baby girl was found drowned at her grandmother's house in Mallapur under suspicious circumstances on Monday. Based on the complaint lodged by the girl's father, the Nacharam police have booked a murder case and began investigation.Venkat Reddy, 26, a painter of Surya Nagar in Nacharam, fell in love with 23-year-old Vijayalakshmi from Mallapur and they got married in February 2011. On November 16, Vijayalakshmi gave birth to a baby girl and after the delivery she went to her parent's house with the baby.On Monday morning, Vijayalakshmi complained of stomachache and her mother Sattemma and sister-in-law Rama, advised her to take rest. Accordingly, Vijayalakshmi went to sleep in the bedroom and Rama put the baby to sleep in another room. After the baby slept, Rama busied herself with washing clothes while Sattemma went to take bath.\"After Sattemma returned, she could not find the baby in the bed. She immediately alerted both Vijayalakshmi and Rama. The three women began searching for the infant and mysteriously found her body in a three-feet drum containing water,\" Nacharam sub-inspector (SI) G Sudarshan said.The SI said that the water drum was near the baby's bed, but it was impossible for the new-born to accidentally fall into that. \"The drum was at least a feet above the bed and it had a cover. So, it is evident that someone deliberately drowned the baby,\" the SI added.Based on the complaint lodged by the girl's father, the Nacharam police booked a murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471956", "title": "Sania Mirza inaugurates Gondwana Cup Tennis Championship", "text": "RAIPUR: Indian tennis player Sania Mirza inaugurated the Gondwana Cup, All India Tennis Championship, 2012 here at a club under the aegis of Chhattisgarh Tennis Association, on Monday.Sania who visited the state capital for the first time said, \"I am really impressed with the talent present here in Chhattisgarh. They are on their way to become national players,\" Sania said. She also expressed her desire of launching a tennis academy in the state capital for the benefit of tennis talents. \"It would be in a joint collaboration with Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes,\" she added.Sania Mirza also attended the inauguration of the first four synthetic tennis courts at the club as a special guest with chief minister Raman Singh as the guest of honour.More than 100 tennis players from across the country participated in the selection trials held on December 1. About 32 players got selected for championship. Talking to TOI, Rishabh Baghrecha, member Chhattisgarh Tennis Association, said that there are referees from (All India Tennis Association (AITA) and few local ones in the championship.The tennis contest that began on Monday, would continue till December 8 following four levels of 1st round, 2nd round, semi-finals and finals. The contest is being held at the courts of Chhattisgarh Club and Union Club, Baghrecha said. Henry Santiago, Prateek Bakshi, Tushar Nadrekar and Abhijeet Tiwari are among the players participating from the state.Abhijeet Tiwari from the state won the Gondawana Cup last year. Leander Paes had inaugurated the event last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17470192", "title": "High Court cancels bail of accused in Mecca Masjid blast", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Monday cancelled the bail granted to two accused, Lokesh Sarma and Devendar Gupta, in the Mecca Masjid blast case. Earlier, the trial court had granted them bail on certain conditions. But the police challenged the same and a division bench comprising justice N V Ramana and justice Durga Prasad cancelled the bail granted to the duo.Kurnool SP asked to suspend Avuku SIJustice Samudrala Govindarajulu of the high court on Monday directed Kurnool SP to place sub-inspector B Srinivasulu Reddy of Avuku police station in the district under supension. The judge who summoned the case diary pertaining to a case registered in Avuku police station noted that the SI had made certain manual entries in the diary only after the court summons. The SI was accused of deleting certain names from the FIR pertaining to a rivalry case between two groups. The petition against the SI charged him with favouring one group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17473459", "title": "Govt, oppn gear up for FDI debate in Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Lok Sabha will take up the discussion on FDI in retail on Tuesday.Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj is likely to initiate the debate on the issue on BJP's behalf in the lower House.With voting on FDI in retail becoming a crucial issue in Parliament, BJP and Congress are leaving no stone unturned to muster their numbers and issued three-line whips to their MPs on Monday.Both the major parties have asked their members to be present in the House and vote according to their party diktat.While Congress is making all out efforts to bring its constituents and outside support on board, the entire BJP-led NDA is united in opposing the FDI decision.The Left parties, AIADMK, BJD, AGP and some other parties are also against the decision.Left leaders are confident that their MPs will turn out in full numbers following the decision taken by all the four parties to oppose the FDI move.Congress floor leaders have called MPs from Telangana region in Andhra Pradesh, including Union ministers, for consultations amid apprehension that they could make the disappearing trick during the crucial vote.At present, the government enjoys the support of around 265 MPs, including 18 of DMK, in the 545-member Lok Sabha. With the support of Samajwadi Party (22) and BSP (21), the backing for the ruling coalition goes a little over 300, against the half-way mark of 273.UPA does not have the numbers on its own in the Upper House, which has an effective strength of 244. UPA and its allies have a strength of 94 members. The 10 nominated members may go ahead to vote with the government. Among the seven Independents, three or four may support the government.Still, the ruling coalition may have to persuade outside supporters BSP (15) and SP (9) to vote with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470394", "title": "Businessman loses SUV outside south Delhi mall", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman's Fortuner was stolen from outside a mall in south Delhi on Sunday night. The owner of the SUV, Ketan Seth, who stays in Vasant Kunj, came to the mall with his family to watch a movie.Seth's driver, Pinto, dropped them at the gate of the mall in Vasant Kunj around 8.30pm and parked the car outside the mall, near the main road. Suddenly two men came brandishing pistols and pushed Pinto inside the car. While one drove the SUV, the other gagged the driver.The assailants kept driving around for an hour and later dumped Pinto in a secluded place in Kapashera in southwest Delhi. The driver managed to call his owner who informed police.On the same day, the southeast district police arrested two teenagers and their accomplice for stealing a Fortuner from the M Block market in Greater Kailash last week. \"The accused have been identified as Navin, Kunal and Saurabh Banderwal,\" said Ajay Chaudhry, additional commissioner of police (southeast). The accused were arrested on a tip-off from the Karol Bagh area.The teenagers, who wanted to make quick money, had first stolen a bike from Tilak Nagar and rode to GK where they spotted the driver, Tej Narain, alone inside the SUV and threatened him with their toy pistol. Tej Narain was waiting for his owner who had gone to a salon.Naveen and Kunal allegedly told cops that they were inside the SUV with the driver while Saurabh was following them on the stolen bike.In another incident on Sunday, six unidentified assailants barged into a jewellery shop in central Delhi's Karol Bagh, held the goldsmith at the workshop hostage and fled with Rs 4 lakh, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470219", "title": "Fit Steven Finn ready to explode at Eden", "text": "KOLKATA: Steven Finn is fit and raring to go, so vice-captain Stuart Broad better watch out.Finn, who missed the first two Test matches due to a strained thigh muscle, looked fresh and spirited at the nets during the team's practice session on Monday morning, and is tipped to pip Broad for the second pacer's slot in the England XI for the third Test beginning at the Eden Gardens on Wednesday.\"I bowled about six overs in short spells at the nets today and am feeling quite okay now. If needed, I'm ready for Wednesday,\" said Finn, who proved his fitness during the England Performance Programme team's match against DY Patil Academy XI in Mumbai last week.Finn was rule out after suffering an injury during England's opening warm-up match against India 'A' last month.Finn had aimed to get fit ahead of the second Test, but his rehabilitation took longer than expected.\"It's disappointing to get injured at the beginning of a series. At times it was scary and frustrating too. For sometime, I felt I would have to leave home early. But thankfully, we have a good medical staff,\" he said.England bowling coach David Saker's recent comment that Finn can be the X-factor for England, has inspired the tall pacer, but the 23-year-old isn't taking the compliment too seriously. \"It's exciting to hear such things from your bowling coach... I am getting back my rhythm.\"Come Wednesday, he could very well take Broad's place in the XI, but Finn defended his vice-captain, saying that such slumps in form comes in every player's career.\"He is a world-class bowler with more than 50 Tests under his belt. Such things do happen. I too went through such a phase midway through the Ashes series last time. But it's not that Broad is a million miles away from it. I'm sure he will get out of this slump,\" hoped Finn.Although spinners traditionally hog the limelight in the subcontinent, Finn felt seamers also have a role to play in these conditions. \"It poses different challenges and calls for different skills, like getting reverse swing and bowling in short bursts,\" he said.\"Our spinners took 19 wickets in the previous Test and all the talk is rightly about them. But fast bowlers do have a role to play. World-class pacers have come here and taken wickets. They know how to find ways to take wickets. Pacers are under-rated in these conditions,\" Finn felt.The pacer was happy with the Eden practice track, adding that he expected something to be there in the match wicket for everyone . \"The practice wicket has been playing very true. If that is a reflection of what is to come, I think there will be something in it (wicket) for all... the wicket may break later on.\"Finn, who could only watch his team's winning celebrations (after the Wankhede victory) on television, hopes to be part of it this time.\"It was never a nice feeling to be at the other end of it (celebrations),\" he joked. But right now, Finn is just focused on getting back to action. \"India have a great batting line-up and to get some of the top-order batsmen will be great,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475123", "title": "Air fares in state ride marriage season wave", "text": "RANCHI: Air fares to various destinations from Ranchi has shot up significantly owing to the marriage season and with tickets in high demand, airlines have increased their prices manifold. On Monday, a one-way ticket to Delhi was at a record high of Rs 28,303 (a hopping flight via Kolkata) on a leading travel website - a Ranchi-based contractor even paid around Rs 23,000 for his ticket on a direct flight to the national capital. The costliest flights on the Delhi and Kolkata sector are operated by Air India and there are very few flights plying this route, airlines have hiked the airfare as per the demand-supply rule.On normal days, the airfare on Ranchi-Delhi-Ranchi sector is Rs 8000 to 10000. The marriage season has caused over 100% growth. Travel agents said the hike is due to surplus demand and few flights in operation. Surayakant Prasad, a local travel agent, said, \"The prices were normal before the marriage season began in the last week of November.\" During the marriage season, professionals, most staying outside the city, move in to take part in the celebrations at home. \"They prefer to come by flights because they rarely get enough time,\" added Prasad.There are five flights from Ranchi to the national capital - Air India operates one flight while Jet Airways operates and Go Air operate two others. A Go Air official, refusing to be named, said: \"Go Air flights are always going full.\" AI and Jet Airways flights are also mostly full, said another source. Prabhakar Kumar, another travel agent, said: \"The two daily flights to Kolkata are just as expensive - they are going at around Rs 8000 for a one-way ticket compared to Rs 4500 to Rs 5,000 during lean seasons.\" Travel agents said that several passengers are using connecting flights from Kolkata to reach Delhi and that has further escalated the fare.The Ranchi-Mumbai-Ranchi sector has also been affected by the marriage season. From Ranchi, there are three flights for Mumbai. \"Fliers are spending Rs 16,000 and above for a ticket to Mumbai. These tickets cost Rs 8,000 to 10,000 in normal days,\" said a travel agent. Go Air, Air India and Jet Airways operate one flight each on Mumbai-Ranchi-Mumbai sector. Travel agents, however, expect the situation to improve as the marriage season is likely to be over by the middle of this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471028", "title": "Court orders policy for appeal by prisoners", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Bench of Allahabad High Court has constituted a four-member committee to evolve a comprehensive policy for filing jail appeals from prisoner within time. The court has summoned the report on January 31, 2013. A division bench of Justice Abdulmati and Justice DK Upadhyay passed the order in view that an appeal was filed by a prisoner after 11 years of her conviction in a murder case. The committee will comprise of principal secretary home, inspector general of prison, member secretary of state legal authority and government advocate Rishad Murtaza.The court has summoned inspector general prison, deputy inspector general prison, special secretary of home department and member secretary of the state legal services authority on next date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472230", "title": "Diversity blends with creativity at crafts mela", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Marked by diversity and creativity, the 4th Chandigarh Crafts Mela entered Day 3 with NRIs and homemakers witnessed exploring the beautiful ethnic environs on Monday.Around 22 states of India have joined hands to put up an unbelievable show of handlooms along with 150 craftsperson and more than 200 artists from other states of India.The crafts mela has several stalls displaying the famous textile and fabrics of Gujarat, Banaras, Rajasthan, Lucknow, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Punjab, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and Meerut, among others. Despite the diversity in culture across the country, the vibrancy and colours of fabrics brought everyone together at the crafts mela.Rajasthani stall by artist Mulla Ram has myriad coloured fabrics that catch the eye.Available in bright and cheerful greens, blues, reds, pinks and gold overprinting (khan work) the stall offers a wide variety of cushions, wall hangings, table cloth, duppattas, kurtas and bags to the visitors.The fabrics and designs showcased at the Gujarati stall by artist Sajid Khatri are rooted in tradition. With magnificent tie &amp; dye shawls in every imaginable colour and motif, timeless bandhini and patola shawls, Khatri's stall offers the latest in trends for everyone this winter. Shreya Attri, a visitor to the mela, said, \"The tie &amp; dye shawls were beautiful and versatile and these go very well with jeans, trousers and also help brighten up a casual dress. Available in a price range of Rs 350 to Rs 12,000, these were my best pick from the crafts mela.\"The mela also has more than eight stalls from UP showcasing an excellent variety of Banarasi saris, dress material, suits and silk bedcovers. The hand-woven saris made by national awardees were a steal at a price ranging from Rs 1,000 to Rs 5,000 and above for premium collections.Kashmiri stalls by artist Mansoor Ahmed offered sheep wool and yak wool winter wear in beautiful colours. The semi pashmina shawls, Kashmiri firhans, and pashmina kani shawls were another hot seller at the exhibition.Another attraction at the mela are traditional Punjabi phulkaris fabrics. Handcrafted phulkaris in traditional colour were the special attraction at the exhibition. Next, the stall selling block printed fabrics from Maharashtra also received a good footfall.Famous and fine fabrics of West Bengal with traditional jamdani fabric were also available at the craft extravaganza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472642", "title": "'Now we know what it takes to bring out a newspaper'", "text": "NAGPUR: School Buzz editors of Sayona Public School who were in the TOI office on Monday evening said that through the experience they had come to know what exactly went behind bringing out a newspaper. \"Though we don't know the amount of stress taken to bring out a newspaper everyday, we have experienced the tension of taking one page out,\" they said.The eight student editors from Sayona Public School who worked to produce their school's two editions of School Buzz were given certificates of appreciation during a felicitation ceremony at TOI Dharampeth office. \"The best thing I liked about School Buzz is that not only did it provide a great learning experience to the eight editors, but also it proved to be an inspiration for other students as well. Seeing their friend's photos in the paper and looking at the work they have done, other students will be definitely motivated to take part in more extra curricular activities,\" said Vaishali Patil, principal.\"It was a very unique experience, altogether different from anything else we had ever done. It was great to share our views and opinions with our friends,\" said Nidhi Rangari, one of the editors. She also said that she learnt a lot from the experience and was rethinking her career options. \"Now along with an interest in the medical field, I am interested in journalism too,\" she said.For the editors who were in Standard X and in the last year of school, it was also a special opportunity. \"It was great that the school recognized us and gave us this chance which we will cherish for our entire life. This becomes special as this has come in the last year of our glorious school life,\" said Rajeshwari Dongre, another student editors.She also said that at first the whole task seemed very daunting and she was nervous but as soon as the concept sunk in, it was easy. Student editor Asma Khatun said it was interesting to interact with other students for doing the First Period story. \"We asked students and other people questions and they cooperated. I enjoyed the exercise,\" she said.Suresh Dongre, father of student editor Rajeshwari, said that was a very good initiative and was happy to see the children's photos in the newspaper. \"It was also a learning experience for kids,\" said Jameel Ahmed, father of Asma. As a parting shot, Nidhi added, \"I have realized one thing after the Buzz experience, that hard work is a necessity in whatever field we go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471937", "title": "Minor gang-raped, nine held", "text": "RAIPUR: A 15-year-old tribal girl was allegedly gang-raped in Raigarh district of Chhattisgarh and nine persons, including two minor boys, were arrested in this case, police said on Monday.The incident had taken place on Saturday night when the girl was going to village Baturakchhar with her family members and relatives.Ten persons suddenly stopped them and asked her relatives to leave the place and later raped the girl, police said.The victim's family lodged a complaint with the police and the girl was later found in nearby Tildapara village.The arrested have been identified as Jitendra Lakra (19), Pradeep Lakra (19), Suneel Lakra (19), Vijay Khakha (22), Nand Kishore Tirki (24), Sarwan Kerketta (22),Naveen Kerketta (25).The two minor boys are 16-years old. Hunt is on to nab one more accused in this connection that took place under the limits of Dhramajaygadh police station, a police official said, adding, further probe was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470567", "title": "49 lakh compensation for Maheshtala fire victims", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has allocated more than Rs 49 lakh as compensation to victims of the fire that broke out in Santoshpur Akhra, Maheshtala, on November 20. An eight-year-old child was charred to death and over 1,150 shanties gutted in the accident.of the November 20 fire on a 16 bigha plot in Santoshpur Akhra under Mahestala Municipality. An eight-year-old was killed in the fire and over 1,150 shanties were gutted, leaving hundreds homeless. Many children reportedly went missing after the fire.State industries minister Partha Chatterjee said, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had sent him to the place after the fire broke out and asked him to be with the people.\"The government was always beside the victims. A team under the DM initiated a probe and we have decided to pay Rs 9,000 each to owner of rickshaw vans that were gutted in the fire, Rs 5,000 each to about 17 persons whose machines were damaged and Rs 10,000 each to three persons whose grocery shops were gutted,\" the minister said. The government will also pay Rs 10,000 to one person whose marble cutting machine got damaged.Chatterjee said that sheets and tents had been given to the fire victims within 48 hours of the incident.\"A disaster management team along with Maheshtala Municipality authorities, the SP and SDO have been making arrangements since the incident. So far, 329 affected persons have been identified in the place and Rs 49 lakh has been paid to them,\" added Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472720", "title": "Music to ears: Thanjavur Veena to get GI status", "text": "CHENNAI: This should come as music to the ears of musicians and artisans of Tamil Nadu.The south Indian music instrument, Thanjavur Veena, is all set to get the Geographical Indications (GI) tag. A statutory notification to this effect has been published by the GI Registry.As per the GI of Goods (Registration and Protection) Act, 1999, goods having specific geographical origin and possessing \"distinct qualities, reputation or characteristics essentially attributable to that place of origin' are given the GI tag. Such recognition would prevent misuse of its name/reputation.According to Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) attorney P Sanjay Gandhi, who has obtained GI tags for a record 10 products unique to the state, the GI protection for Thanjavur Veena is to be given in favour of the Thanjavur Musical Instruments Workers Cooperative Cottage Industrial Society Limited.In its application for GI tag, the society traced the history of Veena and said it was one of the three celestial musical instruments - along with flute and mridangam - finding references from Vedic times. Identified with goddess Saraswati, veena is mentioned in the Ramayana and the Mahabharata. It also cites references associating the instrument with sage Agastya, sage Narada, Lord Hayagreeva and Mahakavi Kalidasa.The current form of the Saraswathi Veena with 24 fixed frets evolved in Thanjavur during the reign of Raghunath Nayak, Sanjay Gandhi said citing the Thanjavur Nayakar History. He said the veena is four feet in length consisting of a large resonator (kudam), a wooden bridge (kudurai), a tapering hollow neck (dandi), a smaller non-functional resonator and seven strings of the Veena.The body of the Thanjavur Veenai is painted and engraved with delicate wood work, which usually consists of picture of god and goddess, motifs of flowers or birds. It is played by sitting cross-legged with the instrument held tilted slightly away from the player, the application said.The instrument is unique to Thanjavur as the wood from a particular strain of matured jack fruit tree is unique to the region. The craftsmanship and the skill in making the instrument were handed over from one generation to the other of Viswakarmas.If granted, Thanjavur Veena would become 19th product to obtain GI recognition from Tamil Nadu. This, however, will be the first musical instrument of the state, Sanjay Gandhi told TOI.India has a total of 178 registered GI products, and Karnataka tops the chart with 31 tags. While Kerala and Andhra Pradesh share the second spot with 20 tags each, Tamil Nadu has got 18 GI products. Of the 18, Sanjay Gandhi has obtained GI recognition for 10 products including Thanjavur paintings, Thanjavur dancing doll and Kancheepuram silk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472157", "title": "MC employee run over by SUV in Sector 16", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a hit and run incident, a 50-year-old employee with municipal corporation, Krishan Kumar, was run over by a speeding Scorpio at the slip road of Sector 16, adjoining the dividing road of sectors 16 and 10, on Monday.The incident took place around 12pm when Krishan, attached with the road wing of MC, was on duty and crossing the road towards Sector 16.Eyewitnesses gave the registration number, a VVIP one, of the Scorpio to the police and told its colour was black, which was proved a mismatch when verified. The registration number they gave was of the \"AK\" series, which was released by Chandigarh administration recently.Eyewitness said the driver of the speeding Scorpio accelerated and fled after hitting the MC employee from behind. Injured Krishan was rushed to Government Multispecialty Hospital-16, but doctors declared him brought dead.Victim's wife and his niece work in Sector 16 and he was going towards them for lunch. He used to reside with his family in colony number five, near Sector 34.DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said, \"One of the eyewitnesses claimed the Scorpio's colour was black, but we could only spot three white Scorpio vehicles after checking the CCTV footage of the cameras installed at the roundabout of Sector 16.\"Traffic came to a halt for about half an hour after the accident until policemen cleared the spot and moved the vehicles.Sub-inspector Arvind Kumar said the vehicle number given by eyewitnesses, when traced, revealed that the particular vehicle was in Karnal when the accident happened in the city.The body was kept in the GMSH-16 mortuary and a postmortem examination will be conducted on Tuesday. A case was registered at Sector 3 police station. Krishan is survived by his wife and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470738", "title": "Less-than-equal status for Indian women: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Being equal to their male counterparts is still a far cry for Indian women. Not only are they marginal as public figures, an average Indian woman can hardly call the shots at home or outside.In 2012, women occupied only eight out of 74 ministerial positions in the Union council of ministers. There were only two women judges out of 26 judges in the Supreme Court, and there were only 54 women judges out of 634 judges in various high courts.Women can't even decide whether they can go to a doctor or pop a pill. Married women living in rural areas take 26% of the decisions regarding obtaining healthcare for themselves and 7.6% for purchasing major household items. Only 10% decisions are taken by females regarding visiting their family or kin.The situation is no better for urban women, who take 29.7% decisions regarding access to healthcare and 10.4% for purchasing major household items. And, 12.2% can decide whether to visit family and friends. A new report on \"Men and Women in India 2012\" brought out by the ministry of statistics and programme implementation says that 46% of women (15-19 years) are not involved in any kind of decision making. Around 40% women have no access to money.Cruelty by husband and relatives continues to occupy the highest share (43.4%) among the crimes committed against women in 2011, followed by molestation (18.8%).Only 10.4% cases of cruelty \u00e2\u20ac\u201d committed by husband and relatives \u00e2\u20ac\u201d underwent trial last year, and conviction was done in a paltry 8.3% cases. The highest conviction rate of 16.5% was observed for the crime 'importation of girls' and the lowest at 4% for 'indecent representation of women'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "17472605", "title": "Armed men injures man, escape with Rs 12.67L", "text": "PANIPAT: Two armed youths on a motorcycle robbed a local trader of Rs 12.67 lakh right outside a private bank near Sanjay Chowk here on Sanoli road after firing several shots on Monday.Upkkar Singh, who owns an agency of milk, had gone to a private bank located near Sanjay Chowk to deposit cash from his Sector 11 residence. As he reached the bank, two youths on motorcycle tried to snatch his bag containing cash. When Upkkar resisted the attempt, one of them took out a pistol and fired a couple of shots at him creating panic in the busy market. As Upkkar sustained injuries, the two managed to snatch the bag. The bank's security guards rushed to his rescue, but by then the accused had fled.Upkkar Singh was rushed to a private hospital.DSP Virender Vij, who along with his team rushed to the spot, said the police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17470301", "title": "Literature fest to turn spotlight on South Asian literatures", "text": "JAIPUR: The DSC Jaipur Literature Festival 2013 will be a hotspot for dialogue and readings in South Asian literatures. Numerous writers from Pakistan , Bhutan , Nepal , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka are expected to attend the fest. Fahmida Riaz, M A Farooqui from Pakistan; Sonam Dorji and Kunzang Choden from Bhutan; Ani Choying from Nepal; Anisul Hoque from Bangladesh; and Ranjini Obeyesekere and Ashok Ferry from Sri Lanka have confirmed their participation.Over 17 Indian languages including Bangla, Bhojpuri, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Kashmiri, Magadhi, Maithili, Malayalam, Marathi, Punjabi, Rajasthani, Sanskrit, Santhali, Sindhi, Tamil and Urdu will be woven into multilingual sessions enlarging the festival's reach to the Indian and international audiences.Commenting on the inclusion of various Indian languages in the festival, co-director of the event, Namita Gokhale, said, \"Writing in the Indian languages is sparkling, vibrant, and rooted in the metaphor and idiom of our times. This year, the festival will have readings and dialogue in over 17 Indian languages, foregrounding the joy and vitality of both tradition and contemporary interpretation.\"Speaking about the festival, Ashok Vajpeyi, eminent Hindi poet and critic, said, \"The creative and dynamic programming of Indian languages will make the Jaipur Literature Festival even more democratic in a sense, more Indian and make Indian languages accessible to a larger audience.\"The theme 'The Buddha in Literature' has been given prominence in the fest this year. Sessions have been planned highlighting the subject- 'Kinships of Faiths: Finding the Middle Way'; 'God as a Political Philosopher - Dalit Perspectives on Buddhism'; 'Women in the Path' and 'Jataka Readings'.\"What makes Indian literature more fascinating compared to the literature of any other country is the vibrant diversity of its languages, styles and perspectives. If any literary festival within India or outside it genuinely aspires to represent Indian writing it cannot but reflect this great linguistic range and variety. I am happy that the scale of representation of Indian languages in the Jaipur Literature Festival has been growing in proportion to the gravity, popularity and magnitude of the festival itself,\" said K Satchidanandan, poet, critic and DSC Jury this year.\"Travel writing sessions have always been popular at the fest and so it's no surprise that this year's Conde Nast excellence award for promoting cultural tourism has been awarded to JLF,\" gushed Sanjoy K Roy, producer of the fest. JAIPUR: The DSC Jaipur Literature Festival will be a hotspot for dialogue and readings in South Asian literatures. Writers from Pakistan, Bhutan, Nepal, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka including Fahmida Riaz, M.A. Farooqui and others from Pakistan, Sonam Dorji and Kunzang Choden from Bhutan, Ani Choying from Nepal, Anisul Hoque from Bangladesh and Ranjini Obeyesekere and Ashok Ferry from Sri Lanka have confirmed participation.Over 17 Indian languages including Bangla, Bhojpuri, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Kashmiri, Magadhi, Maithili, Malayalam, Marathi, Punjabi, Rajasthani, Sanskrit, Santhali, Sindhi, Tamil and Urdu will be featured in the multilingual sessions making these books and writers accessible to Indian and international audiences.Commenting on the Indian Languages participation at this year festival, Festival Co-Director Namita Gokhale said, \"Writing in the Indian languages is sparkling, vibrant, and rooted in the metaphor and idiom of our times. This year, the festival will emphasize readings and dialogue in over 17 Indian languages, foregrounding the joy and vitality of both tradition and contemporary interpretation\"Speaking about the festival, Ashok Vajpeyi, eminent hindi poet and critic said- \"The creative and dynamic programming of Indian languages will make the Jaipur Literature Festival even more democratic in one sense, more Indian in a deeper sense and make the discovery of these Indian languages familiar to a larger audience.\"A major theme at the festival this year is centered around 'The Buddha in Literature'. Sessions planned include 'Kinships of Faiths: Finding the Middle Way', 'God as a Political Philosopher - Dalit Perspectives on Buddhism', 'Women in the Path' and 'Jataka Readings'.\"What makes Indian literature more fascinating than the literature of any other country in the world is its immense diversity of languages, styles and perspectives. Any literary festival within India, and even the ones outside India that genuinely aspire to represent Indian writing cannot but reflect this great linguistic range and variety. I am happy that the scale of representation of Indian languages in the Jaipur Literature Festival has been growing with the gravity, popularity and magnitude of the Festival itself,\" said K. Satchidanandan, poet, critic and DSC Jury for Jaipur Literature Festival 2013.Travel writing sessions have always been popular at the Jaipur Literature Festival and so it's no surprise that this year's Conde Nast excellence award for promoting cultural tourism has been awarded to India's most loved literature festival, said Sanjoy K. Roy, Producer of the JLF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472387", "title": "'Technology at its best' is the theme of IT expo", "text": "PUNE: City-based Computers and Media Dealers Association (CMDA) has organized 'IT Expo 2012' at the agriculture college ground in Shivajinagar from December 7 to 10.The exhibition with the theme of 'Technology at Its Best' will bring under one roof the best in class technology, brands, products, innovations and options, CMDA President Jayant Shete told reporters.Shete said one of the new features of this year's IT expo is business management seminars planned at the expo site for corporate and small and medium businesses (SMB) visitors. The seminar topics will include subjects which have brought about a change in the management outlook because of computerization. Some of the interesting topics are \"Business Intelligence in the age of computers,\" \"Brand Building,\" \"Using Social networking as an office tool,\" and \"Cloud-based solutions for office administration,\" said Shete.\"Considering latest trends and the needs of the market, this year we are keeping a separate zone for surveillance products in which visitors can check out latest products in CCTV and access control segment.\"Covenor Ratnesh Rathi said that apart from new technologies, the expo will showcase the history of computer hardware to youngsters in a special pavilion, 'IT Nostalgia'. Other events are seminars on topics like mobile app development, hacking, cracking and social engineering, virtualization, IT career preparedness and social networks for business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17471737", "title": "Subway? No way for pedestrians", "text": "BANGALORE: Subways in the city are perhaps one of the most under-utilized facilities. And the reasons are far too many: they are poorly lit, most often serve as public urinals or as a haven for rowdies and criminals, and get easily flooded even in the lightest of showers owing to poor drainage.For the second time in three years, the fear of walking below a pedestrian underpass or taking a subway proved fatal for two young women. Ironically, on both occasions, it was the same underpass: the one at CBI junction on Bellary Road. The CBI flyover has an underpass and also a subway nearby.On Sunday, 21-year-old Sheikh Amina paid with her life when she avoided taking the underpass and tried to cross the road. A car hit her and flung her on the ground where she came under the wheels of a speeding bus. On a stormy evening in May 2010, 17-year-old Sanjana Singh, who was similarly reluctant to take shelter below the underpass, stood near the footpath by a compound wall that crashed on her, killing her on the spot.For many pedestrians, especially students, taking the subways are a no-no. Sumathi Kumari Nagendra, a student of University of Agriculture Sciences, says: \"I have to board buses on the other side of the road. The subways are the best option to cross but they are too poorly lit to make us feel safe. Besides, they get flooded during rain. As if these two are not enough deterrents, one finds eve-teasers sitting on the stairs, ogling at women and passing lewd comments.\"HM Jayaprakasha, registrar of the Veterinary College, UAS, says so far they have not received any complaints from students of being troubled by miscreants in the subways. \"The subways are in good condition but do overflow in rainy season. Students must not try to cross the main road because vehicles speed up on the flyover,\" he said.The under-utilized subways and underpasses are in fact a pan-city phenomenon. Apart from the ones on Bellary Road, subways on Seshadri Road, KR Circle, KR Market, Vijaynagar, Chalukya Circle and Town Hall too stand mute testimony to the city's mismanagement. Over Rs 1,000 crore has been spent on these subways by the civic body. In most subways, lights are either stolen or they don't work. So they remain dark and dingy post sundown.The subways at Chalukya Circle and Vijayanagar, near West of Chord Road, have been locked up for several months now. BBMP officials admit that they had to do this as the subways were used only as urinals or for some nefarious activities by anti-social elements.Asked about mismanagement of subways, civic officials pass the buck. Zonal engineers even declined to part with the number of subways in their jurisdiction. Engineer-in-chief BT Ramesh sought time to respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474426", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcZumba is not a dance form\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Zumba education specialist Sucheta Pal is nothing short of a livewire. The moment she enters a fitness studio, you can see her stretching her body and doing some warm-up exercises. \"I was working in the corporate sector for the longest time, but I had always loved dancing. So, one fine day, I just quit my job and got into the dancing business. Soon, I moved to the US and that's where I got acquainted to Zumba fitness,\" says Sucheta, who was in the city recently.Sucheta is the Zumba education specialist for India and the first Indian to be selected as the Master Trainer among 186 Master Trainers in the world. \"I am now conducting Zumba instructor trainings for Zumba Basics 1 across all the states in India. The fitness program is gradually catching up in the country and it's good to see that cities like Coimbatore too are warming up to the idea. Dance instructor M Edwin has done a brilliant job of introducing the fitness form to the city and Coimbatore has already taken its baby steps in Zumba fitness. Though it will take some time for Zumba fitness to catch up here, it will surely become a hit with time,\" says Sucheta.Zumba fitness program may involve dance and aerobic elements, but it's not really a dance form, says Sucheta. \"Zumba is not a dance form despite having the moves of salsa, merengue, mambo, hip-hop, belly dancing and even dance forms that one has not heard of. It's known as Zumba fitness. Since the Latin-inspired dance-fitness program blends with international music, its fun doing it,\" she enthuses.Though Zumba fitness has been embraced by celebrities like Jennifer Lopez and Emma Watson , Sucheta maintains that the fitness program has always been looked upon as an program for normal people.\" In US, it's people who have health problems who primarily come for a Zumba session. That doesn't mean that Zumba heals the body but it definitely does help one keep his of her body fit.\"After the Coimbatore session, where Sucheta will give an internationally recognized license to dance instructors in the city to conduct Zumba Fitness classes, she will head for a Zumbathon programme in Bangalore next week, which will be followed by a session in Goa. \"It's going to be a marathon session in both the cities and we are going to propagate the fitness program there as well,\" winds up Sucheta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475776", "title": "Drug trial subject kin seeks cancellation of doc's licence", "text": "INDORE: Alleging that drug tests conducted on her daughter developed side effects, father of a four-year-old girl has knocked doors of the national commission for protection of child rights for justice. A copy of complaint has also been sent to the Drug Controller General of India and Union minister of social justice and empowerment through Clinical Trial Victims Association (CTVA).Jitendra Sargaeya, a physically disabled, and father of Tanisha has alleged that Dr Hemant Jain tested drugs on her daughter without informing him. He got to know that her daughter was trial subject only when questions were raised in the state assembly in 2011 where the name of Tanisha had appeared in the list of patients having developed adverse events due to the vaccine trial on her.He has alleged that due to drug test her daughter suffered from anal stenosis and hormonal imbalance. Sargaeya said, \"She looks much older than her biological age due to adverse effects of drugs that were tested on her at Chacha Nehru Hospital when she was 11 days old in 2008. I got to know about the incident when Dr Anand Rai briefed me in March this year.\"As per the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) probe report, Dr Jain had conducted 25 trials on 2,500 children between 2005 to 2010. During the trials, 15 children had developed adverse affects while four died during the process.Sargaeya has requested the commission and authorities concerned to compensate him for the huge loss and cancel the registration of Dr Jain. Dr Jain remained unavailable for his comments when contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470510", "title": "Trinamool trapped in Sobhandeb dilemma", "text": "KOLKATA: Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay's quiet defiance is getting more and more uncomfortable for the ruling Trinamool Congress . Sobhandeb loyalists took out a silent rally on the Calcutta University campus on Monday, just 48 hours after the Trinamool veteran was snubbed at the doors of Mamata Banerjee's home in Kalighat.Though Sobhandeb stayed away from the protest - as he did with the first such rally in Esplanade - the gap seems to be widening with the party. And Trinamool is faced with a very hard choice - it dare not take action against either Sobhandeb or the person accused of manhandling him at CU last week, and neither can it afford to sit tight on the growing resentment within the ranks. Also, if Trinamool doesn't take action, the fire is likely to spread to other universities in no time.Manmatha Ranjan Biswas - who is accused in Sobhandeb's FIR - claims he wasn't present when Sobhandeb was assaulted and insists it is wrong to drag Inttuc state president Dola Sen into the fracas because his organisation - Sara Bangla Trinamool Sikhabandhu Samiti - isn't a trade union.Sobhandeb is still waiting for the party's stand on the incident. All he wants is an apology but Mamata is apparently not willing to settle the dispute on his terms, say sources. Sobhandeb's supporters demand action against Biswas for assaulting him. But if the party gives in, it will tantamount to undermining an organisation set up by the party's national general secretary Mukul Roy.Biswas is the vice-president and central committee member of the 19-member Samiti that has representatives from all universities in Bengal.The irony is that the samiti was set up to implement Mamata's pre-election pledge to remove dalatantra (party-cracy) from educational institutions. It came up eight months ago while the registered trade union - Sobhandeb's All Bengal University Employees Association (ABUEA) - was formed in 1998. Unlike ABUEA, which was accorded trade union status in 2010 by the then Inttuc state president Purnendu Bose and treasurer Dola Sen, the Samiti is registered only under the Indian Societies Registration Act.But what makes the Samiti powerful is that it has the blessings of the top leadership and is headed by an apex committee chaired by education minister Bratya Basu and senior leaders Mukul Roy, Partha Chatterjee and Subrata Bakshi. It's the eyes and ears of the leadership.The samiti says its membership has grown to 500, outnumbering the Sobhandeb-led ABUEA - because of its good work. \"We've been able to increase the overtime from Rs 14.40 per hour to Rs 30 per hour, reduce the promotion backlog from 16-17 years to 9 years and fast-track promotion of Group-D recruits,\" claims Biswas.ABUEA general secretary hits back: \"If the party doesn't want trade unions in universities why isn't it saying so?\" ABUEA is the only affiliated Inttuc union in Jadavpur University, Burdwan University, RBU and BC Roy Agricultural University, he pointed out, warning: \"This issue will spread elsewhere too.\" Subhrajit Mahalanobis, general-secretary of JU Employees Union (and ABUEA assistant-secretary), said: \"They had planned a similar attack when Sobhandeb had come to JU. They didn't succeed. So the attack was staged in CU. And if anyone claims they were not there, I have photographs to prove it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mexico city", "code": "17471500", "title": "Faked my capture: John McAfee", "text": "MEXICO CITY: Software company founder John McAfee says he has left Belize and is still on the run. He's told The Associated Press \"we are not in Belize, but not quite out of the woods yet\".The latest chapter in the saga of the eccentric anti-virus company founder featured rumors over the weekend that he had been caught.Police in the Central American nation have denied he was captured.In an email to the AP, McAfee confirmed a posting to his website that described in what appeared to be joking tones how he had avoided authorities by mounting a distraction.In the blog, McAfee claimed on Monday that \"my double, carrying on a North Korean passport under my name, was in fact detained in Mexico for pre-planned misbehaviour\".He posted on his blog that he is \"safe\" and no longer in the Caribbean nation. The post comes a day after the website, whoismcafee.com, reported that McAfee was arrested at the Mexican border. \"I apologize for the silence, and misdirection,\" the post says. \"I am currently safe and in the company of two journalist from Vice Magazine... We are not in Belize, but not quite out of the woods yet. I will do a more detailed posting later if all goes well.\" agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17471553", "title": "Police rule out terror hand in dog wounds", "text": "Kozhikode: Malappuram police, which conducted a detailed probe into the incident of dogs getting injured in various parts of the district, have come to the conclusion that the incidents have nothing to do with terrorist activities.\"These incidents were initially thought to be linked with terrorist activities. Veterinary doctors who examined the bodies of these dogs have categorically stated that the injuries were not the result any attack by weapons,\" Malappuram district police chief S Sethuraman told TOI.There were 30 cases of dogs getting injured on the back of their neck registered in various parts of the district. Majority of them were suo motu cases registered by the police after the incidents became a controversy.A special team was formed under Dy S P P Mohanachandran to investigate these cases following allegations that these dogs were attacked as part of training to cadres of some terrorist outfits. It was alleged that youths on bikes were practising attacks by hacking the dogs.The police were able to track down 18 dogs of the 30 cases and autopsy was conducted on 12 bodies by veterinary surgeons. The doctors were unanimous in their opinion that none of the injuries were caused by weapons. The injuries were not deep and have not touched the bones. Also, none of the injuries were fresh ones.The police claim that the injuries could be due to various reasons. Dogs can heal their wounds by licking because their saliva has antiseptic content. But they cannot lick the wounds on the back of their neck. Even a small wound on these parts could get aggravated in the long run, they say.As many as 15 of the 18 dogs examined are male and majority of them are stray dogs. The police suggest that these dogs might have suffered injuries while fighting among themselves.Similar incidents were reported in Kozhikode and Palakkad districts, too. But the investigations in these cases are not yet over. Malappuram police will submit the report to the government soon along with detailed statements from the veterinary doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17470860", "title": "Earthmovers damage BSNL cables, services hit", "text": "NASHIK: Telephone services of the Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) were affected in the Dwarka area on Monday after earth movers engaged in widening the Mumbai-Agra national highway snapped the cables, leaving hundreds of consumers including hospitals and ATMs and individuals fuming. It also affected the cellphone towers.The earth movers snapped the telephone cables at Dwarka Circle at around 4 pm on Sunday after which the consumers lodged complaints with the BSNL. \"Since there was no intimation from National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) it took time for us to realise the problem and locate it. We visited the site on Monday to take the stock of the situation only to discover the snapped communication lines,\" divisional engineer M L Deore, of Dwarka Exchange said.The work includes nearly 1,400 pairs with around 900 connections working. The optical fibre cables have also been damaged bringing down the leased lines as well and the base transmitting stations (BTS) thus affecting signals to BSNL mobile network. \"The services will be restored by Tuesday 1.00 noon and the work will be completed by 4.00 pm as the team of officials and employees will work throughout the night,\" said the official on Monday.The officials registered a complaint with the NHAI demanding the compensation as the NHAI had failed to intimate the BSNL, which was part of their understanding. \"In the past, too, the NHAI has been damaging the BSNL lines throughout the city wherever their works are being carried out. However, it was decided that NHAI would inform the BSNL about any earth moving activity. This had reduced the friction between the two, but for the Sunday's act,\" Deore said.The BSNL has estimated losses of Rs 1.88 lakh in the process and have asked NHAI to reimburse the same. \"In the recent past, because of prior intimation, we were able to divert our traffic and restore the links in the minimum time. This time unnecessarily we are losing the business of three days as the traffic is completely dead. We have asked for the reimbursements,\" Deore said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17472096", "title": "Forest department plans to ban private vehicles inside Anamalai reserve", "text": "COIMBATORE: Major changes are in store at the Anamalai Tiger Reserve (ATR) with the forest department deciding to restrict the movement of private vehicles beyond Sethumadai, the gateway to the reserve in the foothills of the Western Ghats. Visitors will have to cover the 28-km forest stretch from Sethumadai to Topslip, which passes through the core area of the reserve, on vehicles provided by the forest department. A small fee will be charged from visitors who avail of the 'guided tour' which will also cover tourist spots in and around Topslip, officials said.Private vehicles travelling to Parambikulam tiger reserve in Kerala alone will be allowed to go beyond Sethumadai. Exemption has been made for these vehicles since the Parambikulam reserve can be accessed only through the road that passes through ATR. These vehicles, however, will be closely monitored. At present, tourists travel to both Anamalai and Parambikulam reserves in their own vehicles. Once the regulated tourism comes up in ATR, only forest department vehicles and two government buses from Pollachi and Palakkad to Parambikulam will be allowed run on the road that passes through tiger country. A large parking lot is expected to be constructed in Sethumadai which borders Ulanthy forest range to accommodate tourist vehicles.\"It is advantageous for both department and the visitors. Tourists can enjoy the facilities in a better way under the guided tourism and we can have effective monitoring. Almost all the major tiger reserves are practicing it successfully,'' said a senior official of the ATR.In Topslip, tourists can avail of a 17-km vehicle safari conducted by the forest department. Bookings can be made on the spot at Topslip and advance bookings can be made at the forest office in Pollachi. Three trekking routes have also been resumed at Pandaravara, Manampally and Aliyar. In Topslip, two dormitories with 30 beds are available.In the case of Monkey Falls on Valparai road, the department is planning steps to ease vehicle congestion. Private vehicles would be stopped at a parking lot near Aliyar dam and tourists would be taken in forest department vehicles to the famous waterfall. Also the department plans to have guided tourism in some parts of Valparai, including in Kadamparai Arch, Sholayar Dam, Upper Aliyar Dam, Grass Hills, Attakatti and Varayadu Hills. Though Valparai receives hundreds of visitors every month, only Chinna Kallar and Nallamudi viewpoint are accessible for tourists in Valparai. Now plans are also on to allow tourists to visit Meenparai and Number 10 Parai in Manompally forest range.The proposals of the forest department need to be cleared by the government, which officials expect in a month.The Supreme Court approved 'Normative Standards for Tourism Activities and Project Tiger Guidelines, 2012,' talks about stringent regulations for tourism within the tiger reserves even while allowing \"ecologically sustainable and nature-friendly tourism\" in 20% of the core areas. The guidelines also warn against allowing \"mass tourism\" in tiger reserves and calls for tourist activities that will ensure \"sustainable, equitable and community-based effort which will improve the living standards of local, host communities living on the fringes of tiger reserves\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474730", "title": "Yaare Koogadali music launched", "text": "The audio album of Puneet Raj Kumar-Yogi's film 'Yaare Koogadali' directed by Samuththirakani and produced by Poornima Enterprises was released in the market on December 1 and has been getting very good response eversince. The official audio release function was held on Monday, 3rd December where many artists and technicians of the film had participated to share their happiness about being part of the film. The major attraction at the launch was Puneet Raj Kumar whose get ups were strongly discussed by media personnel. Yogi, Smitha, Sindhu Lokanath and Malavika were also present at the function.Raghavendra Raj Kumar briefed about the contents of the film and said the film has blended a good story with all the commercial values.Puneet will have a different type of characterization in the film and his two get ups will be entirely different from each other.\"The film has a big star cast and each day of the shooting was like a festival. Director Samuththirakani is always cool and composed. There was not even a shread of tension on the sets as the director took care of every artist and technician perfectly,\" said Raghavendra Raj Kumar. He also said that the on screen chemistry of Puneet and Yogi is extremely good and he hoped this combination will be seen on Kannada screen many number of times in future. Among artists he particularly mentioned the names of Ravishankar, Shobharaj, Smitha and Girish Karnad to have given the best performance in the film.Puneet Raj Kumar said that he was really impressed with the script of Samuththirakani and the different shades of his character. \"Everything went smooth in the film. We shot the whole film in Bengaluru mainly and in Melkote. The brilliant camera work has provided a visual support to the film,\" said Puneet Raj Kumar.The new trailer of the film was released which was much appreciated by guests and well wishers who attended the function. Bhavana was not present in the function as she was busy shooting for another film. Puneet Raj Kumar was also in appreciation of the quality of technical values in the film. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "srikakulam", "code": "17475278", "title": "Govt school students to be \u00e2\u20ac\u02dctracked\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to check dropouts in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "SRIKAKULAM: In a bid to curb dropouts from government-run schools and eradicate child labour, the department of education in Srikakulam district has launched a novel programme -Child Tracking System (CTS)-on the lines of the one in Gujarat.Each year, over a thousand children from the district abandon studies, despite concerted efforts of the departments concerned under various state and centrally sponsored schemes and projects including Rajiv Vidya Mission (RVM).These children are either forcefully or voluntarily sucked into the vicious circle of daily wage labour to financially support their families.CTS has been introduced as a pilot project in Srikakulam to keep track of school dropouts as well as measure the performance of children and teachers of all government schools in the district.The data entry work for the programme has almost been completed and it will officially be operational from the second week of December, said Srikakulam district collector, Saurabh Gaur, who has been instrumental in launching the programme. The data entry work comprises collating a list of students enrolled in all state-run schools under RVM project which would be fed into the software that supports CTS and is available on the department's official website www.srikakulamdeo.org. Based on information available with CTS, the concerned authorities, right from school teacher to the concerned minister, can easily keep track of children in government-run schools.Deputy educational officer, B Malleswara Rao, told TOI that CTS would initially be introduced in 410 high schools out of 431 in the district, covering 1.30 lakh Class IX and X students. The profiles of nearly 3,000 teachers have also been fed in the system, he added.\"The CTS is nothing but a watchdog for every student as well as for teachers of government schools in the district. It keeps an eye on every student and teacher's performance. A unique identity number will be given to each enrolled student,\" said an official from the department of education.Some salient features of the CTS programme include profiles of students, teachers and parents, students and teachers' attendance, sending SMSs of students' performance in exams to parents and teachers, lesson and activity plans for every subject and class, marks entry for all the subjects for all tests, progress cards and consolidated reports as well as dashboard for principals to easily assess the weak and bright spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472243", "title": "Are you smarter than your smartphone? ...", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With each passing day the world is apparently going mobile. Smartphones have become everything ranging from a good friend to a teacher and competitor. Another role that it could play is that of an evaluator of your IQ (intelligence quotient).With applications available for downloading tests which allow you to access the level of your intelligence, the need of relying upon the monthly magazines, thick encyclopedias or counsellors is diminishing. There is no need of looking for an extra intelligent elder who decides if you are intelligent enough for your age.These applications can be downloaded to ones smartphone from the internet, saved and used as per requirements at any given point of time.\"I have used 'test my IQ' online test. Its results are instant and unbiased. The best part is that it is free to download and can be used on smartphones,\" said Tamana Gandhi, an engineering student and resident of Sector 39.Smartly constructed, these time-bound tests are available in the forms of applications that can help you test your level of knowledge in a wide variety of subjects.Customized tests for arts, science, commerce, technology and general knowledge are available in the market.In these tests, each time the user is bombarded with new set of questions which get higher in difficulty level with every question. Also the time constraints vary according to the level one reaches.\"You never get bored and these apps just keep feeding you with new and useful information. I have recommended these to many of my friends who are preparing for many national and international level entrance tests,\" Shivi Gupta, an IAS aspirant and resident of Sector 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472139", "title": "After past slight, he bags coveted no. for Rs 8L", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four months back, he was willing to shell out up to Rs 26 lakh for a dream vanity number for his Rolls Royce , but on Monday, Ajit Singh Dhillon walked out of the Registration and Licencing Authority office thinking he had clinched the coveted \"CH-01-AQ-0001\" for peanuts, paying a relatively paltry amount of Rs 8 lakh.Dhillon had told The Times of India after he lost out in the last auction in August that owners of Castle Resorts, whom he was representing, had vowed not to get the vehicle registered until he got a number of his choice.Bidding on behalf of Amitabh Singh Chandel, owner of Ramgarh Fort, Dhillon had taken the bid upto Rs 26 lakh, when he finally gave way to an owner of a Mercedes S-Class, who bought the number for Rs 26.05 lakh.He had participated in the bidding held in June as well for the number \"CH-01-AN-0001\" and had taken the bidding till Rs 16.5 lakh then.On Monday, Dhillon may not have driven to the RLA office in his costly car, but he was definitely riding his luck. He won the number, which had a reserve price of Rs 25,000, without any stiff competition this time.\"All our cars have the number \"0001\" and we did not want to break the tradition. The number has come after unsuccessful attempts in the past. I bid on behalf of Chandel,\" said Dhillon.It was a record breaking figure of Rs 26.05 lakh coughed up by Amarjit Singh, a builder, who offered Rs 5,000 for the number \"CH-01-AP-0001\".Other single digit numbers that fetched high prices included \"0009\", \"0005\" and \"0007\". The favourites among two digit numbers were \"0011\" and \"0013\".It was after a series of auctions wherein \"007\" and \"009\" went for higher bidding amounts that \"0001\" came back in demand this year.RLA officials said there were in all 170 numbers for auction. The total amount fetched from this auction was Rs 87,45,051.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17473206", "title": "Panel to check if norms flouted in stormwater drainage work", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court has directed a four-member committee to visit water bodies in Baner, Balewadi, Kharadi, Vadgaon Budruk and Vadgaonsheri and inspect the laying of stormwater drainage systems there by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). The committee will verify whether any activity of the PMC was inconsistent with the six recommendations issued by the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).The HC order follows a contempt petition filed by Jal Biradari, a nongovernmental organisation (NGO), seeking action under the Contempt of Court Act against the officers of the PMC as well as the contractors for having disobeyed the MoEF's recommendations while constructing the stormwater drainage systems.The committee will visit the water bodies, which include nullahs, streams and river basins, and submit a report of their findings to the HC within four weeks. The four committee members are Maj. Gen (retd) Sudhir Jatar, president, Nagrik Chetna Manch, Parineeta Dandekar, member, South Asia Network of Rivers and Dams, M J Shinde, retired chief engineer of the state irrigation department , and S L Bhingare, retired director-general of the Water and Land Management Institute.The authorities concerned and the committee members held a meeting on Monday, in which it was decided that the PMC will make a presentation on the stormwater drainage work to the committee and explain the entire project. The site visits by the committee will commence in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17474711", "title": "First FOB with escalator inauguration in fortnight", "text": "BHOPAL: The state's first foot over-bridge with escalator at Jyoti talkies is likely to be inaugurated in the second week of this month, according to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC).Though the bridge was constructed over five months ago, the installation of the escalators is still pending. \"There was some fault in escalators that were to be delivered. Therefore, contractors in Delhi sought more time to get the proper escalators. It will take another 15 days,\" said Rajneesh Shrivastava, commissioner, BMC.The installation of all 12 proposed foot over-bridges has also been delayed. They were scheduled to be completed by December 2012. However, uncertainty over the issue whether to install the FOB's by the Public Private Partnership model or they should be installed by the corporation itself, caused the delay, sources pointed out . \"The delay in taking the decision has prolonged the installation of the foot over-bridges by a year,\" officials said.\"Currently, there are over a half-a-dozen companies that are installing FOBs at various junctions of the city under the PPP model with the BMC. They will be responsible for the installation and maintenance of the FOB's in the city,\" Sunil Shrivastava, chief engineer and in charge of BRTS, BMC, told TOI.\"Almost all the FOBs are being installed on the BRTS route and are expected to be completed in a year,\" he added.In 2011, mayor Krishna Gaur had announced the construction of FOBs and had assured the installation of the foot over-bridges will be over in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475470", "title": "Ganesh thrilled about Damarukam", "text": "Ganesh Venkatraman is still basking in the success of his latest Telugu film with Nagarjuna and Anushka, Damarukam, in which he portrayed a negative role.\"It's been a great experience for me because I have been receiving praises from all quarters after Damarukam 's release. The film is a huge hit in India and overseas and my anti-hero act has been liked by the audience and critics alike. Nagarajuna garu is also lauding my performance in the film at every press meet,\" says a thrilled Ganesh.He adds that this will boost his image because the audience has really not seen him in Tollywood after Akasamantha (Telugu version of Abhiyum Naanum ) and Eenadu (Telugu version of Unnaipol Oruvan ).So, is there any straight Telugu film coming his way? \"I've been getting scripts but I am picky and choosy. In the meanwhile, the shoot for Chandra has been wrapped up and post-production is on in full swing. We are planning a summer release next year. Damarukam will be dubbed in Tamil and in all probability, will release by this month-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471817", "title": "Patna University publishes final list of candidates contesting PUSU polls", "text": "PATNA: Even as Patna University (PU) notified the final list of contestants for the forthcoming students' union election more than 50 hours behind the schedule on Monday evening, the volunteers of some student organizations started creating a ruckus at the PU office in protest against the rejection of nomination of their candidates.PU authorities took their own time in scrutinizing the 165 nominations filed for altogether 24 posts. The final list of candidates after scrutiny was scheduled to be published at 4pm on Saturday, but it was delayed owing to certain objections raised by some candidates. The candidates' objections were referred to the election grievance cell which heard as many as 14 applicants individually. But the objections of all these candidates were rejected by the cell. The final list of candidates was then published after 8pm on Monday.The nominations of about two dozen candidates were rejected by the election committee. The final list of candidates for key offices of the union include 15 for president, 11 for vice-president, 10 for general secretary, 12 for secretary and 10 for treasurer. The candidates for executive committee membership from College of Arts and Crafts, Patna Training College, Women's Training College, and faculty of commerce were declared elected uncontested, said PU students' welfare dean K N Paswan.Students, whose nominations were rejected on various technical grounds, including shortage of attendance, soon started creating noisy scenes on the campus and even tried to ransack the university office. However, the heavy contingent of police posted on the campus brought the situation under control.Meanwhile, the principals of different colleges are working overtime to remove the slogans, posters and banners relating to students' union election posted on the campus walls and buildings by different organizations. The code of conduct issued by the university as per recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee clearly prohibits any wall writing prior to union elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472338", "title": "Veggie prices soar as strike enters day 4", "text": "PUNE: Retail prices of some vegetables almost doubled on the third day of the indefinite strike of commission agents. Prices have gone up by 80% to 100%, though the price fluctuation in the wholesale market was within normal range and the supply had increased marginally.The wholesale market received 3,822 quintals of fruit vegetables, 625 quintals of fruits and 907 quintals of leafy vegetables.Commission agents at the wholesale market are on an indefinite strike since December 1 against the state marketing department's decision to have a flat commission rate of 6% on every transaction made in the agriculture produce market committees across the state. The agents in the Pune market so far charged anything in the range of 6% to 10% per transaction.Brinjal prices which were close to Rs 30 per kg last week, had gone up to Rs 60 per kg on Monday. The retail markets closer to the wholesale market did not register significantly higher prices but retailers located some distance away such as in places like Narayan Peth, Mahatma Phule mandai, Deccan Gymkhana and Model colony markets had higher prices for fruit vegetables, leafy vegetables and fruits as well.Unlike leafy vegetables, potato is supplied to Pune from Agra wholesale market and other fruit vegetables such as cabbage, cauliflower and gourds are supplied from locations away from the city. The price increase is higher in fruit vegetables than leafy vegetables.A bunch of spinach, fenugreek or coriander was sold for Rs 8 to Rs 16 in the retail market, but the basic price for fruit vegetables started at Rs 30 per kg.Subhash Pawar, a vegetable vendor at the Mandai, was selling a bunch of spinach and fenugreek at Rs 15 each which was sold at Rs 8 per bunch last week. Cauliflower and cabbage were sold at Rs 30 and Rs 40 per kg respectively when the prices of the same were Rs 15 and Rs 30 last week.Pawar said, \"The ongoing strike of agents has reduced the supply to the wholesale market. There are too many vendors so we had to pay more for the produce; hence we are selling it at a higher price. Leafy vegetables are supplied from nearby places and also have short shelf life which also keeps their price low.\"The same produce in the wholesale market did not carry higher price as the retail vendors claimed. Ten bunches of spinach and fenugreek were sold for Rs 50 in the wholesale market. The same was sold at Rs 40 last week. The cabbage and cauliflower fetched price around Rs 2,000 to Rs 2,500 per quintal (Rs 20-25 per kg) in the wholesale market on Monday, which is almost the same as last week.Rama Jawle, a housewife and a regular at the Narayan Peth vegetable market, said, \"I think the prices have been increased artificially. I have to change my plans and postponed some planned expenses in the house as such high prices have disturbed my monthly plans. If the strike continues, I will have to go to the wholesale market and buy vegetables.\"The agriculture produce market committee (APMC), popularly known as Gultekdi Market Yard, on a normal day, receives supply of about 11 tonne of all types of vegetables and fruits. Around 60% of it is supplied to other district places and smaller wholesale markets. As per the officials from the agriculture produce market committee administration, it is not yet clear how much produce was actually consumed in the city as there were many vegetable suppliers from the fringe areas who directly sell to customers or to local retail vendors, said a senior officer at the market committee.Shivlal Bhosale, chairman of the Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Market Yard Commission Agents Association at the APMC said, \"The association has contacted state marketing minister and other officials about our strike. This is disappointing that when prices and charges of various services are going up; our commission rate is not revised since 1991. Agents have to borrow money to sustain in the business as we need to have some financial support. Bringing down commission is not going to benefit anyone but will discourage the agents from doing this business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472374", "title": "'Kathayatra' to explore the art of story-telling", "text": "PUNE: 'Kathayatra', a three-day programme to celebrate stories, will be held at the Balgandharva Rangmandir from December 7 to 9. Noted story-teller Geeta Ramanujam, Yakshagaan artist Radhakrishna Urala Kota and actor-director Girish Karnad will guide the participants.Story is losing its place in our fast-paced, technology-studded modern life. Grandmother tales are vanishing fast with grandmothers who are moving away from modern nuclear families.To bring back the glory of stories, Bhaashaa, a voluntary organization working for the preservation and enhancement of regional languages has organised 'Kathayatra' for the second year in succession.A statement issued by Swati Raje, president of Bhaashaa Foundation, said, \"This is a serious attempt to explore the phenomenon story through mediums like dance, drama, narration, discussion, demonstrations, academic research papers, workshops, quiz performances and many more ways, for adults and children.\"There are two verticals in 'Kathayatra' this year. Special events would take place at Balgandharva Rangmandir while an academic conference will be organized in association with the Symbiosis International University at ELTIS, Model Colony, where scholars, academicians, professors, school teachers and students will explore story through the theme \"Regional stories - colours and textures\". This conference will be held on December 7 and 8 from 9 am to 5 pm. The first day of 'Kathayatra' will start with the story of 'Gangavataran'. The mythological tale of the birth of river Ganga will come alive through a fusion of santoor and kathak.Madan Oak from California will play the santoor along with a troupe of dancers from Shambhavi's school of kathak. It will be followed by reading of stories of master writers by actor Chandrakant Kale. 'Saudagar', a socio-political satire by master director Bansi Kaul from Bhopal , will be the highlight of the opening day.On December 8, a story-telling competition has been organized for grandparents. It will be followed by a comedy play for children, 'Qisse Afanti Ke' by Rangvidushak, Bhopal. Debaroti and Debashish Chakravarty, a couple working with children in Kolkata, will hold a workshop in the afternoon on \"weave your own story\".In the evening, a folktale from Karnataka will be told with the help of Yakshagaan, a traditional folkform of Karnataka. Story-teller Geeta Ramanujam and Yakshagaan artist Radhakrishna Urala Kota will present the story. Actor Girish Karnad will talk to the audience on 'Adgulya Madgulyachya Goshti'. After that, a dramatic interpretation of Ramayana, \"About Ram\", will be presented through puppetry animation and dance by puppeteer Anuroopa Roy. The last day of 'Kathayatra' would begin with a puppet show, 'Kansa', which will be performed by the artists from Katkatha, New Delhi. A story workshop in English, Hindi and Marathi for children would be conducted by Prasanna Hulikavi and Radhika Ingale. In the afternoon session, film director Soumitra Ranade would give an audio-visual presentation on 'Story behind Cinema'.The evening session will have Madhyam group from Pune conduct a reading session on 'Mhais', a well-known story written by noted humorist P L Deshpande, followed by 'Kargil ki Kahani' - a soldier's story which will be presented by Veerchakra awardee Col Lalit Roy. An inter-school state-level quiz competition will be held between 9 am and 5 pm which is based on the topic 'Indian mythology'. Entry to all the programmes is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471180", "title": "SC stays tribunal order, restores 200/day SMS cap", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cap of 200 text messages per day per person came back into force on Monday with the Supreme Court staying the telecom appellate tribunal's decision quashing the limit imposed by the telecom regulatory body.Trai (Telecom Regulatory Authority of India) had challenged the TDSAT's (Telecom Disputes Settlement Appellate Tribunal) decision before the apex court on the ground that the limit was enforced to strike a balance between the sender's right to freedom of speech and expression and the receiver's right to privacy.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and Gyan Sudha Misra stayed the TDSAT order after hearing brief arguments from senior advocate Krishnan Venugopal and issued notice to Aditya Thackeray, on whose petition TDSAT had quashed the limit as violative of right to freedom of speech and expression. The bench asked Aditya, son of Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray, to file a response in six weeks.Trai had first restricted SMSs to 100 per day as part of its tough Telecom Commercial Communications Customer Preference Regulations. However, the limit was later raised to 200.The regulatory body intended to force telemarketers to register themselves and bring themselves in consonance with the rules and not masquerade as private persons while sending SMSs marketing different products.Allaying Aditya Thackeray's fear that SMSs were an important tool for him to communicate with his followers, Trai in its appeal said there were exemptions for social activists and charitable organizations on the number of messages which could be sent per day from a mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471090", "title": "3 killed as goods train hits cab", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three occupants of a cab were killed on the spot while the other two were wounded critically when the vehicle was hit by a speeding goods train at an unmanned railway crossing in Barabanki district, 30 kilometers from Lucknow on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. Elsewhere, a police constable was run over by another goods train in Ghaziabad while a woman police constable met similar fate in Aligarh in separate incidents during the last 24 hours on Monday night.The first incident took place Nanamau railway crossing around midnight when the driver of an SUV taxi failed to notice the approaching train while crossing the tracks till it was too late. The goods train rammed into the four-wheeler killing three of its occupants identified as Jitendra, Keshavram Yadav and Manoj Yadav all residents of Misripur under Jahangirabad police station of Barabanki. The other two occupants of the four-wheeler were wounded critically and rushed to the district hospital from where they were referred to the Trauma Centre in the state capital. There condition was described as critical.In another incident reported from Ghaziabad, constable Sandeep Tyagi was killed after being run over by a passenger train while he was crossing the tracks on the outers of Sahibabad railway halt on Sunday night. The constable was posted at the Government Railway Police (GRP) Sahibabad station and was a native of Muzaffarnagar. Body of the 28-year-old was later sent for post-mortem examination to establish the cause of death after which it was handed over to the kin of the deceased.In a somewhat similar manner, Mamta, a lady constable posted in Aligarh was run over by a goods train on the outers of Aligarh junction.tnn She was a native of Kanth in Moradabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17470987", "title": "Speed up work on Noida medical university: UP govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to improve health and medical facilities in western Uttar Pradesh, the state government has directed the officials concerned to speed up the work on a medical university at Greater Noida and a post-graduate super-specialty paediatric hospital &amp; medical college at Noida. The decision was taken at a high-level review meeting chaired by Infrastructure &amp; Industrial Development Commissioner (IIDC), Anil Kumar Gupta here on Monday.Gupta directed the Greater Noida &amp; Noida Industrial Development Authority officials to form a Purchase Committee for procurement of necessary machines and equipment strictly as per the guidelines of Medical Council of India. He said that machines should be purchased according to the need and relevancy on the recommendation of technical experts, so that they were optimally utilised.IIDC said, \"Development of high-end modern health facilities and medical education institutes in western UP is one of the priorities of the state government, it is crucial to meet the needs of population in the region.\" IIDC also asked to speed up the process for transfer of land and construction activity along with creation of necessary posts to start the institutes and facilities at the earliest.Around 25 acres of land is to be transferred to medical university at Greater Noida, whereas post graduate super-specialty paediatric hospital &amp; medical college at Noida will be developed vertically by increasing Floor Area Ratio (FAR) on the already available land of about 7000 sq mts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17471690", "title": "Madurai fire-fighters get Bronto Skylift", "text": "Madurai: The fire and rescue services department here has been augmented with a modern fire-fighting vehicle, Bronto Skylift, with a 37-metre ladder to tend fire in tall structures and multi-storey buildings in the city. With the city expanding rapidly and many tall buildings coming up in the city and on the outskirts, the need for an advanced fire-fighting vehicle with larger ladders and equipment was felt by the people. Bronto Skylift, manufactured in Finland, will be very effective in dealing with the emergencies in high-rise structures. However, the fire-fighters are left to wonder of its operational limitations with the city crisscrossed with electrical wires and cables and the narrow lanes where this enormous vehicle cannot navigate.District fire officer, K Karupiah said the Bronto Skylift is a new addition to their fleet of vehicles and the department will utilise the vehicle in case of fire in tall multi-storey buildings and conduct rescue operations. \"Ten personnel have been allotted for the vehicle including one officer and two mechanics, and they underwent training in Chennai to operate the vehicle,\" he said.But the fire-fighters are wondering if the vehicle can be operated in Madurai with its narrow stretches. During the operation, the vehicle had to be supported on hydraulic arms that extend nearly 10 feet in addition and many of the city roads will not have that much of space, they said. Besides, even when they brought the vehicle to its present location of Tallakulam station, the fire-fighters have to ensure that its ladder does not come in contact with any electrical lines or telephone wires. \"The operation part appears complicated with lot of electronic gadgets and navigating it will be a herculean task in the city limits,\" a fire tender quipped. The vehicle, which was earlier operational at Chennai, has been sent to Madurai after they were replaced with new vehicles, officials said.Recently, the department has been provided with a fire-fighting motorcycle with foam extinguishers facility which is very effective, department sources said. Equipped with Aqueous Film Forming Foam mechanism, the motorcycles reach out the cramped places not accessible to big vehicles and they are very effective in narrow lanes, fire officials stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17471179", "title": "Laxmikant Parsekar wants panchayats to back women's rights", "text": "PONDA: Panchayati Raj minister Laxmikant Parsekar has warned village panchayats that panchayat bodies would be dissolved if it deprived women members of their right to become sarpanchas.Speaking to TOI, in the backdrop of recent developments in Bhoma-Adcolna panchayat in Ponda, to keep the sarpanch post vacant for over three-and-a-half months, Parsekar said if the government found male panchas deliberately keeping women members away from the post, it would initiate drastic steps leading to the dissolution of the body.Bhoma-Adcolna sarpanch Varsha Naik was ousted on August 17 by 6-1 votes in the seven-member panchayat. After her ousting, an exclusive meeting was conveyed on October 15 to elect a new sarpanch.Besides two women panchas including the ousted sarpanch Varsha Naik, no male panchas were present for the meeting leaving the panchayat unable to elect a new sarpanch. The panchayat has five male members including deputy sarpanch Damodar Naik, panchas Sunil Zalmi, Dharma Bhomkar, Abdul Rehman Khan and Shiri Satarkar.It needs at least three members to file a nomination for any post that includes a candidate, a proposer and a seconder.The government has already taken action against the panchayats where kin of women sarpanchas act as proxies for their wives and interfere in the functioning of panchayats.The government in its circular sent to all panchayats in November warned them that it may now have penal action initiated against them.Women sarpanchas who allow such interference, will also face action, including disqualification from the post, Parsekar said.He added that panchayat secretaries would be held responsible for the irregularities and stern action would also be initiated against secretaries failing to bring the matter to the notice of the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471248", "title": "Attendance far lower than expected at Iffi 2012", "text": "PANAJI: The Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) and the directorate of film festivals (DFF) claimed that a record number of close to 13,000 delegates registered for the 43rd International Film Festival of India ( Iffi), which was held in Goa from November 20 to 30, 2012.But the delegates present at the festival venue were far lower than the tall claims.Festival executives informed that only a little over 6,000 delegates eventually collected their cards from the counters at the festival venue, making the payment of 300.\"During the first five days of the festival, only 5,000 individual delegates collected their cards. Later half of the festival saw students from film institutes across the country coming in batches of 20 to 25, which improved the delegate attendance at the festival only slightly,\" a festival executive said.The Entertainment Society of Goa thought it unfair that delegate registrations were closed assuming that all the 13,000 registered will attend the festival, but the numbers did not translate into reality and many interested in attending the festival might have been left out.This motivated the festival organizers to reopen delegate registrations for the first time midway through the festival. But the idea did not pick up as the potential delegates had already lost out on several screenings of films and only around 40 chose to register during this later part of the festival.\"It is true that if we make delegates pay the fee during the registration itself, we could tap in only the ones serious about attending the festival. But we cannot put such a system in place as reimbursement of the paid amount will be a problem if delegates do not wish to attend. And it is very difficult to know how serious a delegate is during the registration process,\" ESG chief officer Manoj Srivastava said.Srivastava claimed that there were 10,000 delegates 'on campus' during the festival. But the problem with the number was that the ESG was probably also taking into account the 200 festival executives, support staff and 500 invitees.\"All the delegates cannot be concentrated at the place of screenings at a time. They are spread out from the Old Goa Medical College complex to the Kala Academy. Some attend the screenings at a particular time of the day. And delegates come to Goa in batches and leave after four to five days and then other delegates come in. The screening capacity of the theatres is 1,800 altogether, so this is the number of delegates attending the screenings at different times of the day,\" ESG vice-chairperson Vishnu Wagh said.Claims apart, the buzzing crowds expected, after the hype over record number of delegate registrations, was surely missing at the festival venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471103", "title": "Declare state advisory price for sugarcane by December 10: Rashtriya Lok Dal", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) has threatened to protest across west UP in case the state government failed to declare the state advisory price (SAP) for sugarcane by December 10.Speaking to reporters on Monday, RLD state president Munna Singh Chauhan said it was because of the state government's lackadaisical attitude that cane farmers were facing a multitude of problems, which will only multiply in the days to come.Singh alleged the state government was least inclined towards paying dues of farmers despite the direction of the Supreme Court which asked the state government to pay the dues along with interest. The sugar mills are erring on the payment of Rs 120 crore to sugarcane farmers. Chauhan said production cost of sugarcane has risen by around 25%. \"Not only sugarcane even potato crops are crucial for UP farmers who look up to the state government for a fair price for their produce. But that does not seem to happen in this government,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474796", "title": "Eijaz waiting for the right opportunity", "text": "Eijaz Khan has always been a versatile actor - from doing films, to acting in the small screen. He is said to be the perfectionist of television as he never runs behind any role and does justice to his role.He was offered a role in Bade Ache Lagte Hain but couldn't do it due to reasons best known to him and now it is being done by Sameer Kochar.His previous show Shubh Vivah didn't work that well. When questioned about this failure he says, \"I can not tell the reason as I have just acted and never really bothered about these things.\" There were rumours that he was offered shows like Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa and telefilms lately, on this he adds, \"I couldn't do Jhalak as he had to go and visit his nephew in Muscat.\"Apart from television the actor has also done a movies. However, he is on a break now it seems. \"I have taken a break from acting and after coming back I will be doing Lucky Kabootar which is being produced by late Raj Kanwar's son,\" he informs. He has got some new offers but he is waiting for the right role that would best suit him. About the future he says he would continue working hard and entertaining his fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475314", "title": "Arjun Munda to meet PM Manmohan Singh over pension purse", "text": "RANCHI: Concerned about the threat of de-allocation of coal mines to a state-owned mining company and payment of around Rs 2,548 crore to Bihar as pension and retirement benefits, chief minister Arjun Munda will meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday to seek his intervention to save the state from a huge financial burden.Munda will inform the prime minister about how the Centre did not do justice to Jharkhand by distributing assets and liabilities to Bihar at the time of bifurcation of the state on the basis of employees, instead of population.\"When two other states - Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand - created along with Jharkhand paid the amount for pension and other benefits to the parent states of Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh respectively, on the basis of population and not on the number of employees they got at the time of bifurcation, why should we pay such a huge amount to Bihar,\" said an officer in the chief minister's secretariat. The State Reorganization Act of 1956 also calls for the formula for division of assets and liabilities is on the basis of population.In case, Jharkhand is allowed to pay the money to Bihar on the basis of population, the amount will be Rs 548 crore. The state will be saved from paying around Rs 2,000 crore extra.According to sources, the chief minister expects support from the Prime Minister because all political parties of the state, including the main opposition Congress, have supported the government's stand.The chief minister will also request the Prime Minister not to cancel the coal blocks allocated to the state- owned Jharkhand State Mineral Development Corporation (JSMDC). An inter-ministerial group has recently recommended cancellation of eight coal blocks allotted to the JSMDC as the corporation has failed to start mining. \"He will explain the reason behind the delay as well as plans of the corporation to start mining at the earliest,\" said an official.The corporation has managed to complete the ground work for three mines - Rabodh, Patratu and Pindra Devipur - which will soon become operational through joint venture companies. Work is also in progress to start Sugia coal block. \"If the coal blocks are de-allocated, it will have adverse impact on the economy of the state. The dreams of thousands of youths who are eyeing jobs in the mines will also be shattered. The state will suffer financial loss because it has already invested huge money in exploring the blocks,\" an optimistic Munda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475735", "title": "Duchess Kate pregnant, palace confirms", "text": "The Duke and Duchess were forced to go public with the baby news much earlier than intended after Kate was admitted to hospital with a rare form of severe morning sickness .The 30-year-old Duchess, who found out last month that she was expecting, has not yet reached the 12-week stage of her pregnancy, when couples usually share their news.She was taken ill while staying with her parents in Bucklebury, Berks, and drove with her husband to the King Edward VII Hospital in London, where she is expected to remain for several days, the Telegraph reported.The Duke of Cambridge spent Monday at her bedside. He was seen leaving the hospital at 8.20pm and is expected to be granted compassionate leave from his RAF Search and Rescue duties.The Duchess's illness prompted a scramble to tell members of the Royal family about the pregnancy before news of her arrival at hospital leaked out.Royal aides said the decision to go public \"was very much driven by the Duke and Duchess\", who were aware that it would be impossible to keep the news a secret in the age of Twitter.\"It's a very hard thing to go public at such an early stage, but they wanted to be open with people as much as possible,\" an aide said.The Queen , the Prince of Wales and Prince Harry, who was contacted in Afghanistan , were all told the news, before St James's Palace made the announcement at 4.01pm.\"Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are very pleased to announce that the Duchess of Cambridge is expecting a baby. The Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh , the Prince of Wales, the Duchess of Cornwall and Prince Harry and members of both families are delighted with the news,\" a spokesman for St James's Palace said.\"The Duchess was admitted this afternoon to King Edward VII Hospital in Central London with hyperemesis gravidarum. As the pregnancy is in its very early stages, Her Royal Highness is expected to stay in hospital for several days and will require a period of rest thereafter,\" the spokesman said.The announcement was followed 10 minutes later by a tweet from Clarence House, the first time a royal pregnancy has been confirmed on Twitter.The Duchess is reportedly being treated by Marcus Setchell, the former gynaecologist to the Queen, who delivered the Countess of Wessex's two children as well as Leo Blair , the son of the former prime minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470582", "title": "National team happy with state's disaster management", "text": "KOLKATA: A National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) team on Monday sought land to set up a National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) centre in the city. Expressing overall satisfaction with the state's disaster management system, the team members said they would meet the chief secretary on Tuesday to discuss plans to introduce cargo services between Haldia and Farakka in two months.NDMA team member Vinod Kumar Duggal, in fact, lauded the state government for putting in place a good disaster management system. \"We compliment the West Bengal government for putting up a good disaster management system in place.Most parts of West Bengal are multi-hazard prone with floods, cyclones and landslides threats. Moreover, there is a need to put in place an efficient disaster management system in Kolkata as it is a thriving city. We are happy and satisfied with the disaster management system in the state, given the resources available,\" he added.Duggal said there are some technical and funding issues on this matter. \"Rs 138 crore has been allocated under the Prime Minister's Relief fund for building 50 multipurpose cyclone centres in the state and West Bengal has also been included as one of the beneficiaries of the Rs 490 crore National Cyclone mitigation project approved by the Centre for capacity building. Implementation of the project will start from next year,\" Duggal said, adding that they have also requested the state to prepare a project report on landslides in North Bengal. and means to create awareness about them.Duggal said that they would talk to the chief secretary on having a cargo service between Haldia and Farakka and have a courtesy meeting with the chief minister on Tuesday. \"The basic infrastructure is in place but the problem is that barges of 2,000 tonnes cannot move as the channels get narrow sometimes. The communication system and lighting facilities need to be improved. Having a cargo service will help generate revenues,\" he said.K M Singh, another NDMA member, said West Bengal is the first state to have a civil defence system at the district level. State fire services and disaster management minister Javed Khan said a civil defence team from the state will visit Delhi to make a presentation soon.They have also requested the state to give them land to set up an NDRF centre in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17472454", "title": "Poll before polls for police personnel", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17471655", "title": "Kishanganj village bans use of cellphones by girls", "text": "KISHANGANJ: In a khap-like diktat in Bihar otherwise not known for khap panchayats, a meeting of villagers of Sunderbari panchayat in Kishanganj district have ordered complete ban on the use of cellphones by unmarried girls and restricted use of the same by married women only within the four walls of their home.The meeting held at Sunderbari's Tupamari village on Sunday also formed a 'social consultative committee' and mandated it to implement the ban and impose a fine of Rs 10,000 for its violation by unmarried girls and Rs 2,000 on married women who venture out of their homes with cellphones and receive and make calls.The committee, headed by one Manwar Alam, has one Dr Shadir Amam as its treasurer to act as the custodian of the money collected as fine from erring women.While Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti told TOI he had ordered a probe into the \"unlawful diktat\", Alam defended the move as the use of cellphones by women \"hugely erodes the moral fabric of the society\".\"Unrestricted use of cellphones promotes pre-marital and extra-marital affairs and facilitates breakdown of the institution of marriage,\" he said and also attributed ever-increasing incidents of sexual abuse and rape to \"unfettered use\" of cellphones.Besides, the meeting imposed a ban on women taking bath in the open in the ponds and also authorized the consultative committee to arbitrate on petty marital disputes and fabricated cases of rape.\"At least 90% of the 8,000 villagers of Sunderbari attended the meeting,\" Alam said even as committee secretary Javed Iqbal pointed out six village girls had eloped during the last four or five months \"due to their access to cellphones\".Sunderbari's elected sarpanch Asmira Khatoon and mukhiya Shamina Khatoon, however, washed their hands of the meeting and its decisions. \"We were not kept in the loop about the meeting,\" Asmira told this correspondent on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475137", "title": "Pandemonium in house after chair refuses oppn adjournment motion", "text": "RANCHI: Even as speaker C P Singh turned down an opposition adjournment motion, the assembly remained paralyzed almost throughout the day on the second day of the winter session here on Monday. Apart from tabling a few reports and supplementary budget, no business was transacted.Moving the adjournment motion, Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (P) leader Pradeep Yadav wanted a debate on the plight of thousands of people at Panchuwara village in Pakur who did not get compensation or rehabilitation after being displaced by the Panem coal mines. \"The government has not only turned a blind eye to the violations of agreement signed between it and the Panem coal mine management in Jharkhand high court in 2006, but it has also given a free hand to the company to steal coal and make illegal profit worth over Rs 1,000 crore annually,\" Yadav said.The pandemonium began soon after the speaker called for the question hour and the house was adjourned for the first time till 12 noon. The stalemate continued when the house re-assembled with opposition members of the JVM (P), Congress and the RJD coming down in the well. Samresh Singh of the JVM (P) raised slogans demanding a CBI probe into the killing of Sister John Walsa who was championing the cause of villagers at nine villages of Punchwara affected by the Panem mine project. \"Sister Walsa was murdered last year but the government is yet to bust the conspiracy behind her killing,\" Singh said while talking to the media outside.When the house re-assembled at 12.45pm, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren tabled finance accounts and appropriation accounts for 2011-12 and the public accounts committee report amid pandemonium. After he tabled the supplementary budget of Rs 554 crore, the house was adjourned till 2pm.Chief minister Arjun Munda maintained silence in and outside the house and refused comment over the opposition allegations.It was during the second half when an unrelenting opposition continued with sloganeering and disrupted the proceedings, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren stood up to answer on behalf of the government. In his short answer, Soren denied any agreement between the government and the Panem management in the high court as alleged by the JVM (P) leaders. \"The government is not a party to the agreement and it is coming up with a policy for the displaced people soon,\" he said.Later talking to media, Yadav asked the government to appoint a three-member secretary-level committee to look into the coal pilferage. \"Over-loaded trucks are ferrying coal without paying any tax or royalty to the government and the state is not ready to conduct any investigation which indicates to the fact that the pilferage is being done in connivance with people in power,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472762", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s all about sound in Chennai cinema", "text": "CHENNAI: If you thought Rajinikanth flipping a coin was one of the highlights of 'Sivaji', wait till you see the brand new 3D version of the movie in Dolby Atmos. For, the revolutionary sound system enhances the definition and placement of sounds in a movie. Also, with speakers mounted overhead also, the sound one hears is much more natural and clearer.According to Pankaj Kedia, country manager, Dolby Laboratories , the Atmos sound system can handle up to 128 audio tracks and up to 64 speakers, each of which can be controlled independently. Speaking in the city during the formal launch of Atmos in India, he said, \"It is one of our most significant innovations in recent years and represents the future of entertainment.\"Chennai can very well be called the innovation capital of Indian cinema. Among the first to embrace new technology, it has introduced many revolutionary concepts such as digital cinema and non-linear film editing. Sample this: Additive colour printing and 70mm post-production were introduced by Prasad Labs, the first Dolby mixing studio was again set up at Prasad (where 'Rangeela' was the first Indian movie to be mixed), the non-linear editing system Avid was introduced by the city-based Real Image Media Technologies, digital theatre sound (DTS) was also brought here by Real Image, and Prasad EFX was the first to do digital intermediate (DI) for a full film (Raj Kumar Santoshi's 'Khakhee'). Also, the first Dolby digital 3D theatre in the country was set up at Devi Cineplex in the city.It is not surprising, therefore, that Chennai trumped other cities in introducing Dolby Atmos. The only theatre in the country that has installed it is in the city (Serene at Sathyam Cinemas) as also the only studio that does the sound mixing (Real Image).Also present at the launch was Senthil Kumar, co-founder, Real Image, who said, \"It is truly a leap forward as it treats every speaker as a different channel and localizes the sound. It offers a truly immersive listening experience that strongly complements the visual impact.\"Dolby Atmos is the most significant development in cinema audio since the arrival of surround sound. Developed with inputs from professionals throughout the movie industry, it streamlines distribution and allows filmmakers to position and move sounds anywhere in the theatre, even overhead.Only six movies (Brave, Taken 2, Chasing Mavericks, Ah Boys to Men, Life of Pi and Rise of the Guardians) have been released in this technology, which was announced by the company in April this year. The seventh, and the first Indian movie, to adopt the technology is 'Sivaji 3D', which will be released on December 12.According to M S Guhan, managing partner, AVM Productions, the reason for choosing Atmos was that \"it brings a new sonic dimension to the amazing visuals 'Sivaji 3D' will deliver to the audiences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17473014", "title": "Nostalgia runs high as judges pick Citizens Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The countdown for Citizen Nagpur Awards is now down to the last 48 hours. On Monday, the three judge panel went through exhaustive discussions about each of the 51 nominees before finally arriving at the final six. The names of these six Citizen Nagpur awardees will be revealed at a glittering function to be held at Hotel Tuli Imperial on December 6.The judges' panel comprised top neurosurgeon Dr Lokendra Singh, first woman mayor of the city Kundatai Vijaykar and former state DGP PKB Chakravorty. The three looked into every parameter before taking their decision, including the number of SMS votes each nominee received. This comprehensive review meeting by the three judges also turned into a walk down memory lane, where the Nagpur they remembered was still very much there. Anecdotes about well-known citizens, little known but intriguing facts about the city and comparing notes from the days gone by helped glide by the long hours.An enchanting raconteur, Vijaykar shared interesting tales that put some city facts in perspective. \"Many people believe that Sitabuldi got its name from Sita, since we have Ramtek nearby. However, this name came from the gawali (cowherd) community that resided in that area well over a century ago. There two pahelwaans (bodybuilders) called Sita and Badri lived, and their writ ran large. Soon the area started being called Sita-Badri and later got transformed into Sitabuldi,\" she said.Chakravorty, a Nagpurian who occupied the top cop's chair in state, recalled his younger days as a mischievous boy. \"The commissioner's bungalow used to be occupied by many other dignitaries and the houses nearby had fruit laden trees that were my haunt. After joining the service I used to tell people that as a boy I would steal fruit from here,\" he recalled.Even Vijaykar recalled her days as a student when she along with friends would go to pick berries near CP Club. \"In school the other classmates would ask from where we are getting such good quality berries. In fact it was common to share details about locations where such tasty freebies could be had,\" she added.Singh, who came to the city in the late 80s, too enjoyed the tales of the years gone by. \"It is interesting to learn so many new things from Vijaykar and Chakravorty, since they have their roots here,\" said Singh.As the panel went through the list of nominees, they recalled some of the older entrepreneurs and what role they played in the city's development. While talking about ayurvedic medicine pioneers in city, Chakravorty mentioned that Chyawanprash used to first made here. \"There were two types of Chyawanprash that were produced in the city. The normal one as we know it and the other was reddish in colour as it had mercury in it. The art was in getting the ingredient quantity right as even a bit of excess amount will make it fatal,\" he said.Juicy tidbits on how a royal family accidentally sold off diamonds in a junkyard sale, about a lovers lane that existed in pre-independence era and about how our Raj Bhavan was stripped off all its valuables when the capital shifted to Bhopal , filled the air. It left the select few present in the room with a sense of deep privilege on being privy to such information.Hearty laughs interlaced these memory lane walks and in every sense the meeting represented what Citizen Nagpur Awards stand for. The judges' review meet was filled with talks about Nagpur that once was and one that they envision - one that everyone could be proud of. This is the spirit of Citizen Nagpur and six befitting nominees will walk away with the honours of the maiden award on Thursday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17471677", "title": "Guru pooja deaths: CBI probe sought", "text": "Madurai: A public interest litigation (PIL) filed before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court has sought direction to the CBI, to investigate the four murder cases in Sivaganga, Ramanathapuram, Madurai and Virudhunagar districts during the Guru Pooja celebrations. The petitioner contended that there was a big criminal conspiracy with the involvement of leaders from political parties and police officials.All the four cases are interconnected and to find the criminal conspirators in all of them, a CBI investigation is necessary, the petitioner, who is part of the Supreme Court Legal Services Committee, contended in his petition. The four cases are that of the murder of sub-inspector Alvin Sudhan during Marudhu Brothers Guru Pooja on October 27; the ruthless murders of three persons - Veeramani, Malaikanna and Sivakumar in Ramanathapuram on October 30; hurling of petrol bombs on a van on October 30 in Madurai district, which killed seven people so far, and the murder of two persons on October 31 in Virudhunagar district.The PIL also sought a direction to the state to appoint a committee under the chairmanship of the present or a retired judge of the high court, consisting of jurists, social activists, voluntary organisations to quash mendacious FIRs on innocent persons in the communal riots and to find remedy for the evasion of communal riots, etc.The petition came up before the division bench comprising Justices M Jayachandran and S Nagamuthu for admission on Monday.However, the prosecution sought time to get instructions from the government, following which, the bench admitted the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17470511", "title": "Islands drift away from EU, rich-poor gulf widens", "text": "DOHA: The negotiations at Qatar National Convention Centre have been a witness to a slow cleaving of ties between the 'allies' of Durban talks last year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the European Union (EU) and the association of 43 small island states or AOSIS.The EU had forged an alliance with the AOSIS and least developed countries (LDCs) in Durban to evolve a consensus for a new global protocol which would break down the existing differential obligations of rich and poor countries and raise the emission reduction efforts.The alliance won a partial victory with the Durban Platform being launched to finalize a new compact by 2015. But this time around, the alliance has soured a bit. The AOSIS continues to demand that all countries increase their emission reduction pledges immediately, but the EU has refused to up the 20% emission reduction target to be achieved between 2013 and 2020 under the Kyoto Protocol's second phase even though it has already achieved 18% of it. The EU has announced that it will not raise the pledge for the next few years.The call for an increased ambition to reduce emissions from AOSIS has only got shriller. On Monday, they are expected to demand more from Europe and the US, who, in turn, have been seeking similar commitments from other emerging countries.EU's allies in Durban were positioned publicly as the 'most vulnerable' and consequently took the high moral ground even as they asked for issues of equity and other climate convention principles to be diminished for the sake of urgency and 'ambition'. However, India, which went back to its original position of negotiations after a two-year hiatus, countered the charge, warning that more number of people remained under severe threat from climate change back home than most of AOSIS and LDCs clubbed together. In Doha, the two clauses of urgency and ambition from the same allies have come to haunt a reluctant EU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474839", "title": "AIBA Youth World Championship: Prasad and Sandeep reach last eight", "text": "Lalitha Polipalli Prasad (49kg) continued his winning streak at the AIBA Youth World Boxing Championships in Yerevan, Armenia on Monday.The 17-year-old cemented his place in the quarter-finals of the championship with another scintillating performance.Prasad, a product of the Boys Sports Company at the Army Sports Institute (ASI) in Pune, is now just one more win away from ensuring himself at least a bronze medal finish from the tournament.Pitted against Issac Pinto of Ecuador, Prasad a multiple junior national champion, dominated the game, with his accurate jabs and power hooks from the start. The brittle defence of Pinto could hardy withstand the relentless pounding laid on him by the Indian boxer.An aggressive opening gave him a three point advantage (4-1) in the first round. From there on, he put the pedal to the metal; the hapless 17 year old Ecuadorian engaged as a mere formality for the last six minutes of the bout. Prasad won a place in the round of eight with a 15-5 win on points. In the quarterfinals on Tuesday he is slated to go head-to-head against Japanese boxer Kosie Tanaka.Sandeep Sharma (75kg) a bronze medallist at the 2010 International Invitational tournament in Kazakhstan 2010 also made his way into the quarterfinals of the Championship with a resounding victory over European Junior Championships bronze medallist Berika Mhechadze of Georgia .He completely outclassed Berika and was outstanding all throughout the bout winning all three rounds against his European opponent. He won on points 17-8. In the quarterfinals he would battle against Uzbek boxer Azizjon Mamatov in an attempt to qualify for the medal rounds.The Indian boxers shined through the evening session of play late on Sunday night as well. Silver medallist at the 2012 Tammer International Tournament, Dheeraj Singh (52kg) overhauled his opponent Roman Formanek of Slovakia in spectacular fashion. The recently turned 18 year old, took full advantage of his height and long reaching arms to break the defence of Formanek.A 12-3 lead after round two, saw him record an impressive victory and sail through to the next round of the championship. He won on points 20-5 (2-1, 10-2 and 8-2). The Indian boxer is now set to face Tural Ahmadov of Azerbaijan in the pre-quarterfinals of the fly weight category later today. Super heavy weight boxer Narender (+91) upstaged Hussein Iashaish from Jordan in what was an outstanding battle.There was not much separating the two boxers and both matched each other punch for punch, but Narender took a crucial one point lead in the first round (3-2). Iashaish though, levelled things in the second round winning it 5-4. With the scores knotted at seven all both fighters went all out in the final round.In the end though, it was Narender who edged past the Jordanian boxer with a score of 12-11. He now takes on 2010 European Junior Championship bronze medallist Ivan Kabatov of Russia on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17470872", "title": "Will SP govt observe Ambedkar's death anniversary as a holiday?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Will the Samajwadi Party government follow the BSP government's practice of observing BR Ambedkar's death anniversary on December 6 as a holiday? The question assumes significance in the light of the fact that the Akhilesh Yadav government cancelled the public holiday on the occasion of BSP ideologue Kanshi Ram's death anniversary on October 9. Both the holidays were added to the UP government's calendar in 2009 when Mayawati was the chief minister.While officials in the chief minister secretariat refrained from confirming whether it would be a holiday, sources said that the calendar prepared by the district magistrate office does mention December 6 as a public holiday. Incidentally, the calendar was prepared before the start of 2012 when the SP was not in power.A senior government official in the CM secretariat confirmed that even though December 6 was mentioned as a public holiday in the government diary, nothing could be said with affirmation if that would actually happen. \"As of now, the holiday on December 6 stands,'' a source in secretariat administration said. As a matter of fact, the SP government did not declare a public holiday on the death anniversary of its ideologue, Ram Manohar Lohia , on October 12.It was in 2009 when death anniversaries of Ambedkar and Kanshiram were declared public holidays by the BSP government. Since the two days were also included in the negotiable instrument act, banks, too, would remain closed on these two occasions. While the day fell on a Sunday in 2009, it coincided with Mohurram in 2011. But that did not stop Mayawati from organizing a grand function on the occasion when she laid the foundation stones and inaugurated 160 development projects worth Rs 1,500 crore as a tribute to Ambedkar on his 55th death anniversary.That included a package for Bundelkhand, in what was seen as a counter to Congress-led UPA government's attack on her government for 'neglecting' the development of the backward region in the run-up to the 2012 assembly elections.Significantly, Akhilesh Yadav announced Valmiki Jayanti as a public holiday in October this year thereby making another addition to already long list of 'chhuttis' for the state government employee (in 2011, the state employees enjoyed nearly 150 holidays, excluding 30 days' earned leave). The banking sector, however, saw a decline in the number of holidays as Mayawati struck down the provision of double holidays on Dusshera, Diwali and Holiday, bringing down the number of holidays for them from 17 to 14. Secretary of Uttar Pradesh Bank Union (UPBU), RK Agarwal, said they would soon be sending a memorandum to UP chief minister to restore the number of holidays struck down by the previous government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474977", "title": "'Kya Huaa Tera Vaada' to bring in major twists?", "text": "We had told you that 'Kya Huaa Tera Vaada' is going in for a leap. The leap, which will take place next week, most probably Monday, is also going to bring in a major twist in the story line. Pradip Singh (Pawan Shankar) will be shown as dead and Vineet Raizada's character, portrayed by Darshan Pandya, will come to an end.Darshan confirmed this news. \"Yes, my character will no longer be there. I have just one or two days of shoot left,\" he said. Mona will be portrayed as an elderly independent woman with three kids, Bulbul, Rano and Rajbir. TV actor Sargun Mehta of 12/24 Karol Bagh fame has been approached to play Mona's elder daughter 'Bulbul'. \"Yes I have been approached. But I have date issues. The details are still being worked out,\" said Sargun.Now comes the interesting part. Sukirti Kandpal, who plays Jazz in Rab Se Sohna Isshq , has been approached to play Anita, Anushka Sarkar (Mouli Ganguly's) daughter. The track will then revolve between Mona and Anushka's daughters. Sukirti said, \"I am not sure whether I will be playing the character as I have some pre-conceived notions about the role.\"Now the big question that viewers will grapple with is, who is Anita's father?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474915", "title": "Nayan-Udhayanidhi pose together", "text": "Nayantara is pairing up with Udhayanidhi Stalin for his upcoming movie directed by Sundrapandian fame Prabhakaran. Udhayanidhi, the producer turned actor is riding high on the success of his recently 'Neerparavai' produced by him under the banner Red Giant Movies.The photo shoot of his second film with Nayanthara took place yesterday. The photo shoot took place at a studio and was lensed by ace still photographer Venkat Ram.Udhayanidhi tweeted \"Photoshoot wit nayan 4 my next film wit dir Prabhakaran ! Thx 2 Venkat ram nd team.\"The film will start rolling from January 2013. Interestingly Udhayanidhi Stalin will once again team up with Santhanam in this flick too. Udhayanidhi Stalin, who made his acting debut with Oru Kal Oru Kannadi (OKOK) directed by Rajesh which also had Santhanam playing an important role.Image courtesy: Udhayanidhi's twitter page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475919", "title": "Twins on the way for Wills-Kat?", "text": "The Duchess of Cambridge, who is expecting her first child with Prince William, maybe pregnant with twins, according to reports.Kate, who has been admitted to the King Edward VII Hospital in London after she got ill while staying with her parents in Bucklebury, Berkshire, is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum, a condition that is more often experienced by women expecting twins, the Telegraph reported.Mothers-to-be who suffer from the condition are three times more likely to have a multiple birth than other women.She is expected to remain there for several days.Prince William spent Monday at her bedside. He was seen leaving the hospital at 8.20pm and is expected to be granted compassionate leave from his RAF Search and Rescue duties.The Duchess's illness prompted a scramble to tell members of the Royal family about the pregnancy before news of her arrival at hospital leaked out.Royal aides said the decision to go public \"was very much driven by the Duke and Duchess\", who were aware that it would be impossible to keep the news a secret in the age of Twitter.\"It's a very hard thing to go public at such an early stage, but they wanted to be open with people as much as possible,\" an aide said.Kate's illness, which affects fewer than four in every 1,000 pregnant women, causes severe vomiting and can lead to dehydration.It is treated by giving fluids intravenously and by anti-sickness tablets but can last for months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471812", "title": "Maya gives Congress hope of rescue in RS on FDI vote", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSP chief Mayawati on Monday left the Congress hungering for more by strongly indicating that she might not support the Opposition's resolution opposing the decision to let in global supermarket chains. Her hint encouraged the Congress to lobby her to upgrade her support to side with the government during the crucial headcount in the Rajya Sabha.Sources said the government has clearly told Mayawati that her abstention in a situation where government is found to be short of numbers would equal voting against the government. \"In case you don't wish to support the Opposition-sponsored resolution, then you might as well vote against us. What difference will it make whether we lose by eight or 20 votes?\" UPA sources quoted a senior UPA functionary telling the BSP chief.Sources also disclosed that parleys were on with Mayawati to persuade the BSP supremo to turn her indirect assistance into open support for the government in the Rajya Sabha where, unlike in the lower House, mere abstentions by BSP and SP won't be enough for the government to dodge the embarrassment of a defeat.'BSP won't back BJP in House'BSP chief Mayawati did not spell out her intent to come to the government's assistance in whichever way on the retail FDI vote in the House, but dropped enough hints to indicate that her party may not vote with the opposition in Parliament despite her professed opposition to the FDI decision. She did articulate reservations about allowing the global retail giants.But Mayawati appreciated that implementation of the decision has been left for the states: an argument that is also the government's principal defence against the Opposition's campaign. She said that BSP would decide its stance on voting after listening to government's response on safeguards against the dangers that local retailers and farmers could face after the arrival of big global retail chains. Mayawati said the government should order time-bound assessment of effects of FDI in Congress-ruled states that have agreed to implement the policy.More importantly, she said that BSP, while working out its stance, will have to reckon with whether it should side with \"communal parties\" (read: BJP-led NDA). \"BSP cannot stand with BJP and company and send a message that it was working to strengthen the communal forces,\" she amplified in what could be melody for Congress's ears.However, she was resisting government's pitch that BSP vote with the government by citing \"political reasons\": a reference to the embarrassment in supporting a decision that she vigorously opposed till recently. The absence of BSP and SP will reduce Rajya Sabha's effective strength to 220 on the day of reckoning, leaving the Opposition with a wafer-thin edge.The anti-FDI column has 110 votes, pushing the government in a situation where absence of even one of its members, for instance, Sachin Tendulkar, who is unlikely to make it because of the Kolkata test with England, can lead to a politically embarrassing defeat.BSP with 15 members can tilt the scales decisively for the government by aligning itself with UPA on the day of the vote later this week. To nudge her to cast her neutrality, Congress is likely to build up on its argument that a vote against the government would amount to voting with the \"communal BJP\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475060", "title": "Manav can relate to his character in 'The Buddy Project'", "text": "Popular actor Manav Gohil who has done shows like Kahaani Ghar Ghar ki, Kkusum, CID, Saara Aakash, Saarthi is back in television. He is playing the handsome teacher Anirudh Jaitley in Sunshine Productions show The Buddy Project.The audience has already started liking him and he seems to be just apt for the professor's role in the show. \"I play a successful investment banker, Anirudh Jaitley who was popular as Junglee Jaitley in his school days. When Anirudh goes to visit Royal Academy School, he realises that the school is going through a crises. To bring back the old glory to the school he becomes a teacher.\"There was a time when Manav kept himself away from television. So what was lacking? \"I was not getting the right role. I was ready to compromise on other things but not my role. Yes there were few times when I liked the role but money was not enough and as a seasoned actor that is also an important aspect. Finally all aspects were met in this project and I could take this up.\"Manav who is playing a young professor had to shed a few kilos and also saw many films based on teacher-student relationship for reference. \" I have seen films like Dead Poet Society and Hip Hip Hooray . I have taken definitely few pointers from this film as professor Junglee is not like any other character people have seen. Few mannerisms of the teachers are there which is common. Junglee is very loud with his hand gestures as he moves his hands a lot to describe something.\"Gohil also feels if a character is well written then half the job is done and an actor's responsibility is to portray that on screen, with the right amount of emotions so that the audience can see that particular character on-screen. \"The Buddy Project is youth-centric and Junglee is close to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471999", "title": "CMDC JV: Congress seeks CBI probe", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh unit of Congress has demanded a CBI probe into the state-owned CMDC's joint venture with Nagpur-based SMS Infrastructure for mining at Shankarpur (Bhatgaon-II) coal block, in the wake of Centre's decision to cancel the block allocation.Congress on Monday said the BJP government in the state was directly responsible for the alleged misdeeds of Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation (CMDC).It also sought action against Ajay Sancheti, the managing director of the joint venture, who is allegedly close to the BJP president Nitin Gadkari, State Congress chief Nand Kumar Patel said a CBI probe was required.CAG had pulled up CMDC for accepting a single bid for commercial mining of the coal from Bhatgaon II extension block, that too at a very low amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470679", "title": "SC breather for citizens", "text": "GURGAON: Residents who moved the Supreme Court seeking exemption from property tax received a partial relief on Monday after the apex court asked the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) to complete the external development work and the private builders to complete the internal development work of the properties within the stipulated timeframe so that MCG can start levying property tax.Residents' welfare associations of these properties had approached the Supreme Court seeking exemption from paying property tax to the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) as they were paying external development charges ( EDC) and internal development charges (IDC) to HUDA and the private developer.\"In what may be termed a final hearing in the case, the Supreme Court has asked HUDA and the private developers to complete the pending work within six months to one year failing which, the court said, the petitioners are at liberty to approach Punjab and Haryana high court against HUDA and the builders to ensure that the work gets done,\" said R S Rathee, the main petitioner in the case.Rathee ruled out the possibility of the residents paying taxes to the MCG this year. \"This has been our contention that we'll not pay double taxes - one to the civic body and the other to the builders, and we stand by it. According to the Supreme Court, HUDA and the private builders will have to complete their work in the next one year and only then can the municipal corporation take over the locality and start providing basic amenities like water, sewage system and roads. Since it is clear that the MCG will not be able to take over the private colonies in the next one year, we will not pay property tax to the corporation this financial year. We will start paying tax as and when the MCG takes over and starts providing us the services,\" Rathee said.The civic body, meanwhile, said it would study the Supreme Court order before commenting on the issue. \"We are yet to receive the order and once we study it, we will decide the future course of action. However, we will continue collecting property tax from the residents, irrespective of whether they live in private builder area, as the municipal Act directs us to do so,\" said an official from the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472931", "title": "Umred boy wins Young Naturalist Award", "text": "NAGPUR: Roheet Karoo was in Std VII when he saw the grisly sight of a dead tiger outside veterinary hospital in Umred. Upset, he decided his life would be spent in defence of this magnificent cat. There was no looking back since. Karoo's work as a tiger protector, crusader and wilderness activist earned him 'Young Naturalist Award' from the Sanctuary magazine.Karoo received the award on November 30 at Mumbai with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, chief of DSP BlackRock Hemandra Kothari, Sanctuary Asia editor Bittu Sahgal and CEO of Deutsche Bank Ravneet Gill present.Karoo, who is also a honorary district wildlife warden, was awarded for his vital contribution to wildlife through surveys and studies he undertook in reserve forests of Umred and Bhiwapur. This resulted in declaration of Umred-Karhandla Wildlife Sanctuary ( UKWS). The 187 sq km sanctuary will give Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) a much-needed boost.Karoo's work has found support and approval from wildlife policymakers like principal secretary for forests Praveen Pardeshi, minister for state for finance Rajendra Mulak and forest officials from Nagpur division.\"I want to live to protect tigers and their habitats. I was able to identify over 21 individual tigers in Umred-Karhandla and TATR corridor and has been specifically honoured for this,\" a delighted Karoo told TOI.The 26-year-old Karoo's connection with nature was honed in his school life through nature camps, wildlife trips and conservation talks that he would purposefully attend. By 2004, he had already begun to receive calls to rescue snakes and other wild animals in human conflict situation.Karoo assisted forest department in various rescue operations in the sanctuary area, prominent among them was the operation to release tigress rescued from a canal in Tass. He assisted monitoring of Tass tigress that was radio collared. He also played a key role in pacifying angry villagers in Mandhal, Chikna and Ranbodi when a problem leopard began attacking them.On his take on tiger conservation, Karoo says the movement needs to be mobilized at taluka and village level. \"Given the abject poverty in rural areas and people's dependence on forests, it seems to be a difficult proposition but we will have to do it by creating alternative livelihood opportunities,\" he adds.Poor employment opportunities and dismal living conditions force many to take to forest crimes. A man earning Rs 200 as daily wages can get tempted to earn much more by selling illicit teak wood or deer meat. Law enforcement might keep such elements under reins but the general masses would buy conservation only if they are provided alternatives.\"If this is not worked upon, all talk on conservation would remain on paper,\" Karoo feels.Karoo is at present working on habitat improvement and conservation of Great Indian Bustard (GIB) in Umred region. \"I'm also helping the forest department in conservation of tigers in Umred-Karhandla,\" he says.Earlier, Karoo has also worked on king cobra radio telemetry project at Agumbe Rainforest Research Station (ARRS) in Karnataka. He also volunteered for cheetah conservation and completed game ranger's course at Karaongwe Game Reserve and Kruger National Park under the guidance of Pradnya Giradkar, a wildlife scientist also from Umred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470580", "title": "Scuffle at airport", "text": "KOLKATA: A group of airport employees fought in front of the new administrative building on Monday afternoon. The staff, belonging to Airports Authority Employees' Union affiliated to Citu, were supposed to hold a meeting, when they were allegedly attacked by the members of Inttuc-affiliated union. The staff belonging to Trinamool union attacked the Citu affiliated union members and ransacked the stage and damaged some chairs.The Citu-affiliated union members later lodged a complaint with the police. tnnThe police will hold a meeting between the two union members on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471136", "title": "M B Shah says govt cannot disagree with report", "text": "PANAJI: The state government cannot disagree with the Shah commission report as \"it has been prepared based on data submitted by the state mines department\", said chairman of the commission, retired Justice M B Shah, on Monday.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , in an interview to TOI, had said, \"We don't have to agree with something 100% or disagree with something 100%... what I will say is it is a commission report which has many facts and which has many blanks... the blanks are left probably because it did not hear the other side... they should have issued notices to those they have pointed fingers at and taken their viewpoint and they would have realized that some of their contentions are not exactly correct.\"Speaking to TOI, Shah said the report was submitted a long time ago and the government has even started implementing most of the recommendations.The Goa Mineral Ore Exporters' Association (GMOEA) had called the commission's finding of a Rs 35,000 crore-loss due to illegal mining a \"purely notional figure\". Shah said the GMOEA has no choice but to refute the loss amount. \"Actually, the figure is more than what we have pointed out in the report. At this time I would not like to comment further on this,\" Shah said.The commission, which is preparing the third and final report, is currently facing a problem with the exports data submitted by the mines department. \"We have received data from the mines department but are in the process of verifying the exports figure,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17473203", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPMC should have efficient drainage system for 30-50 yrs\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: A four-member committee will monitor PMC's work in laying stormwater drainage systems in the city. It will also visit water bodies in several parts of the city.The MoEF has recommended that the PMC should ensure that the drainage system is efficient for the next 30-50 years and that no concretization is carried out where natural flow of rainwater is available . In this regard, the HC said that the PMC should not carry out concrete work where the natural system is adequate to carry flood discharge .\"At location where natural section is not adequate to carry the design flood discharge , PMC shall explore non-concretisation techniques for lining of the storm water drain,\" the court said. It also ordered the PMC to act against encroachments in the water bodies and seek the required permission for cutting trees in localities where stormwater drains are being laid.The MoEF recommendations also state that the PMC relocate sewer lines outside the drains to prevent ground water contamination through percolation.This should include measures to intercept and divert sewers to prevent sewage falling into drainage channels . The PMC has also been told to remove the debris immediately after the work is completed.The PMC is also expected to maintain the width of the nallah as mentioned in the development plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471841", "title": "Govt ready for debate on Chhath tragedy", "text": "PATNA: The Speaker of Bihar legislative assembly, Udai Narain Choudhary, on Monday rejected the opposition's adjournment motion to discuss the November 19 tragedy during Chhath puja. He, however, agreed to the demand for a debate on the issue.Samrat Chowdhary (RJD) moved the motion saying so many people died in the Adalat Ghat stampede because of the lapses on the part of Patna district administration. When the Speaker rejected the motion, the RJD members were on their feet claiming it was a serious matter and the state government was trying to shield the officials concerned.Leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui accused the government of trying to play politics over the deaths and demanded at least a debate on the issue. Minister for water resources Vijay Kumar Chowdhary was initially ready to read out the government's reply but agreed to a debate after CM Nitish Kumar intervened. The time and date for the debate would be decided after discussion in the business advisory committee.Privilege motion: Siddiqui demanded a privilege motion be initiated as the sugarcane minister Awdhesh Kushawaha and cane commissioner had misled the House over creation of Bihar Sugarcane Board. The minister was replying to a starred question of Manjit Kumar Singh. Kushwaha said the board could not be constituted since the matter was pending with the Supreme Court. When Manjit challenged the government's version, energy minister Bijendra Yadav intervened and said the matter had been referred to the President of India for his nod. Till then the board could not be constituted.Siddiqui asked when the state was awaiting President's nod then on what basis the sugarcane commissioner could write to the Speaker to suggest four House members' names to be incorporated in the board. The Speaker, later, said he would look into the matter.Black money: In a short notice question, Awnish Kumar Singh (BJP) asked whether the government was aware of the huge flow of black money in the state keeping in mind that people had invested Rs 1,600 crore in gold and silver on Dhanteras day. Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said the government had no such information and the member's question was based on newspaper reports which could not be substantiated.IGIMS: JD-U MLA Gajanand Shahi alias Munna Shahi raised the issue of poor condition of IGIMS during the Zero hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "17471126", "title": "Feast flare: Mass in Kannada next year?", "text": "OLD GOA: In sync with pilgrimage centres in the country and abroad, cultural and linguistic diversities stood out prominently in the expression of faith at Old Goa.This year too, the nine-day novena and feast of St Francis Xavier-celebrated on Monday-saw masses in five regional and three foreign languages. Calling it a sure sign of the universality of St Francis Xavier's message, authorities at the Basilica of Bom Jesus said they are now thinking of holding services in Kannada next year.Services are currently conducted in Konkani, Marathi, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam, while Spanish has been added to the foreign fare of Portuguese and English since last year.Elaborating on the Kannada services, Fr Savio Barreto, rector, Basilica of Bom Jesus, told TOI, \"We have no authentic information about the number of devotees, but if there are a sizeable number of devotees, who can be linguistically bonded, the authorities will do it.\"He said a Jesuit priest had suggested that a service or two could be held in Gujarati, while, recalling the service in Marathi, held on November 25, Barreto said it was well attended.In Tamil Nadu , during the novena and feast, services at the Shrine Basilica of Our Lady of Health, Vailankanni, are held in eight languages-Tamil, Marathi, Hindi, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada, Konkani, and the lone foreign tongue, English.\"It makes us proud that the cultural and linguistic diversity of pilgrims flocking to Old Goa has necessitated the services in eight languages, including foreign languages,\" said Fr Joaquim Loiola Pereira, secretary to the Archbishop.Averse to comparing pilgrimage centres, he added, \"Vailankanni is more of a round-the-year pilgrimage centre, while Old Goa is not exactly like that.\" Goa receives a large number of tourists, but few are round-the-year pilgrims. \"But we have a great novena and feast in November-December just as Vailankanni has one in September,\" Pereira stressed.In Lourdes, France, where Mother Mary appeared to Bernadette Soubirous and the place has turned into a world pilgrimage centre, the international mass is held in six languages-English, French, Italian, Spanish, German and Dutch-simultaneously. Confessions are also available in many languages.\"It shows the universality of St Francis Xavier's message, cutting across the language, caste and creed barriers,\" gushed Barreto. Agreed another church leader, Fr Francis Caldeira, \"It shows the catholicity of the church. We preach one message, that is the word of God, to people of different linguistic groups.\"St Francis Xavier , who preached the Gospel in many countries, travelled along the Malabar coast, Japan and Malacca (now Malaysia ). \"He stood against injustice and repression and that drew people to him, though he may not have known all the languages of the places he visited,\" said Barreto.In Pilar, services are also held in other languages once in a while. \"If we have linguistic groups coming here and priests with their missals, we have services in their languages,\" said Fr Sergio Mascarenhas, a priest of the Society of Pilar.The Society of Jesus can draw young priests from the tertianship stage to hold the services in regional languages. \"We have young Jesuits at the tertianship period from different linguistic backgrounds and we can rely on them,\" said Barreto, also a Jesuit priest. The tertianship period refers to the three to five years of preparation after ordination or graduation studies for final vows in the Jesuit society.After the last feast mass at dusk, many devotees from other religions also queued up for kissing of the relics till late Monday evening. \"Many of them offered candles and flowers,\" said Barreto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17471516", "title": "Egypt judges divided over referendum supervision", "text": "CAIRO: Egypt's Supreme Judicial Council has agreed to supervise a referendum on a draft constitution, a legal adviser to President Mohamed Morsi said on Monday, although some judges have called for a boycott.Judicial dissent has complicated the Islamist leader's plan to end a crisis over Egypt's troubled political transition by driving through a new constitution in a snap vote on December 15.The judiciary oversees voting in Egypt by law. The influential but unofficial judges club urged colleagues on Sunday to shun the referendum which Morsi hopes will douse anger over a decree he issued on November 22, greatly expanding his powers and temporarily putting himself above the law.Such a boycott, even if not all judges joined it, could undermine the credibility of the plebiscite and worsen disputes that have plagued Egypt's path to political change since a popular revolt overthrew Hosni Mubarak .The judiciary, like Egyptian society at large, is split over the vote on the constitution, the way in which it was drafted and Morsi's decree, seen by his opponents as a power grab and by his supporters as necessary to keep the transition on track.\"The council has met and agreed to delegate judges to oversee the constitutional referendum,\" Mohamed Gadallah, the legal adviser to Morsi, said. He said about 10,000 members of the judiciary are needed to monitor the vote. These do not all have to be judges and could include officials in prosecutors' offices for example.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471979", "title": "Flower exhibition from Jan 12", "text": "RAIPUR: A three-day state level exhibition of flowers, fruits and vegetables will be organised at Gandhi Udyan from January 12 next year. The exhibition is being organised by Prakriti Ki Aur Society (PKAS).Giving details of the exhibition, Dr AR Dalla, President of PKAS, said that several varieties of flowers including few rare species from Kashmir, Assam, Holland and other parts of the world would be displayed during the exhibition.He said farmers from across the state will also participate in the exhibition to exhibit their advance produce and farmers from remote areas will showcase several species of medicinal plants and herbs.Dr Dalla said that the aim of organising such exhibition is to encourage people to cultivate rare species, kitchen garden and vegetable cultivation in flower pots.Exhibition would be inaugurated by chief minister Raman Singh and Charandas Mahant, and union minister of state for agriculture and food processing will grace the conclusion ceremony.Prior to the flower show, they will organise a seminar cum live demonstration on December 16 at Red Cross hall, informed Dr Dalla. He said that eminent scientists and experts will talk on growing of vegetables in pots and techniques of flower budding.In the meantime, the organisation will host various competitions including gardening competition, flower decoration, flower rangoli and other. The judges of the society will visit the garden after third week of December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472103", "title": "Court summons Salman Khan over false evidence claim", "text": "Mumbai: A magistrate court on Monday issued summons to actor Salman Khan and the Bandra police after a Mumbai-based social worker filed an application in court alleging that false evidence was being submitted in the 2002 hit-and-run case.The additional chief metropolitan magistrate directed both Khan and the senior inspector of the Bandra police station to appear before it on December 27 at 11am. The court said their presence was required \"to show cause, if any, why the said application should not be granted\".In the application filed through former director of postal services-turned-advocate Abha Singh, social worker Santosh Daundkar alleged that due to the submission of false evidence the case has got delayed by almost four to five years. \"During the intervening period, the accused Salman Khan assimilated an enormous pecuniary benefit where he conducted his roaring business in films,\" the application reads.Referring to specific instances, Daundkar stated in the application that doctors not connected to the case were summoned as witnesses and this was done to favour Khan. \"The police could never be so naive so as to not know as to who were the actual doctors who had examined the injured persons in the matter,\" the application states. Daundkar also alleged that the correct doctor was produced only two years after producing two wrong doctors.While addressing the media on Monday, Singh said that unlike Khan's case, the Nooriya Haveliwala and Alistair Pereira drunken driving cases were both decided expeditiously. \"The punishment for giving false evidence can be up to seven years,\" she said, adding, \"When Indian masses are crazy for film stars they have to be responsible towards them and be good role models. Our main petition is that nobody is above the law.\" The application prayed that the court should take notice of the offences and a preliminary enquiry should be conducted .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475850", "title": "BMC to raze govt quarters for market expansion", "text": "The state government has decided to demolish 43 police quarters to facilitate the proposed facelift of Unit-I market, commonly known as Rajdhani Haat.The quarters, which house 23 police personnel, are located behind the haat, the biggest in the city. \"Occupants need not worry as they will be given alternate accommodations. It is imperative to raze the quarters for expansion of the haat,\" Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner, Sanjib Kumar Mishra, told TOI. \"We will co-ordinate with the general administration department and police to take possession over the land,\" he added.The civic body plans to rope in a private developer for razing the quarters, most of which have been illegally rented out to market vendors, who have converted these into warehouses. A BMC official said there are many unauthorized commercial establishments inside the market. About 387 vendors pay civic tax. BMC collects nearly Rs 4 lakh revenue annually from Unit-I market, sources said.The crammed daily market, which lacks hygiene and fire safety, will be converted into a four-storey market complex with parking facilities. The project plan also includes 1,400 kiosks to accommodate vendors. Though BMC's official list pegs the number of traders at 1,053, in reality around 3,000 vendors had occupied shops, locally called pindis, in and around the sprawling 10-acre market.As per the plan, first floor of the new market complex will be allotted to vegetable vendors and other floors will be for traders dealing in electronic goods, stationery and utensils. The building will also have eateries and other facilities for recreation.The delay in implementing the project, which was mooted in 2010, was due to land acquisition problem and resentment by a section of vendors, who feared displacement.\"We are extending all support to BMC. But they should ensure that those vendors, who had inherited their ancestral business in the market, get space in the proposed market complex,\" said Gayadhar Swain, general secretary of Rajdhani Daily Market Traders' Association.The market was inaugurated on April 11, 1958. The general administration department was custodian of the market from 1962 till October 9, 1984, when its management was transferred to BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17473514", "title": "Five more dengue cases reported in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Despite the recent chill in the air, there has been no respite for the city from dengue fever cases. On Monday, five new cases were confirmed by the health authorities.Dr Anil Verma, epidemiologist at civil surgeon's office, said, \"Of the eight dengue cases confirmed from different city hospitals, five are from the city. The remaining three are from nearby cities Pathankot and Hoshiarpur, and one from Kerala.\" The cases were detected in the last eight days.Dr Verma added, \"These are just isolated cases. Henceforth, with the temperature keeping below normal the cases are expected to go down drastically.\"With the confirmation of five new cases from the city, the total number of dengue cases has reached 194. Though, most cases this season were reported from high risk areas, including Shimlapuri, Sunet, Haibowal, Badhowal, Shivpuri, the recent ones were reported from Model Town, BRS Nagar, Gurdev Nagar, Rajguru Nagar, Sarabha Nagar, Model Gram and Pakhowal Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475210", "title": "AG finger at government for poor funds control", "text": "RANCHI: The accountant general of Jharkhand has pointed fingers to the government for poor financial management, particularly in reconciliation of accounts and absence of detailed contingency bills in some cases since 2000-2001. He has also held the government responsible for breach of financial regularities in some departments where the rush of expenditure was noticed during the end of 2011-12.The issues have been highlighted in the annual accounts of the state government prepared by the office of AG (accounts and entitlements) under the direction of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India ( CAG ) and were tabled in the assembly in the form of finance accounts and appropriation accounts for 2011-12 on Monday.Commenting on the rush of expenditure, the AG has said financial rules stipulate that rush of expenditure particularly in the closing month of a financial year shall be regarded as a breach of financial regularity and should be avoided. \"However, the expenditure incurred under certain select heads of account during March 2012 ranged between 30% and 88% of the total expenditure during the year, indicating a tendency to utilize the budget at the close of the financial year,\" the report read.It has pointed fingers on chief controlling officers of 20 departments for delaying reconciliation of accounts. The report says in 2011-12 accounts worth Rs 4,267 crore corresponding to 54% of the total expenditure of Rs 24,151 crore of the state government was reconciled. Similarly, of the total receipts of Rs 25,114 crore, Rs 12,622 crore corresponding to 19% was reconciled. Financial experts believe that accuracy and reliability of the accounts depend among other things on timely reconciliation of the figures available with the departments and figures appearing in the accounts compiled by the AG.Disparity has also been noted in the reconciliation of abstract contingent (AC) and detailed contingent (DC) bills. The drawing and disbursing officers are authorized to draw sums of money by preparing AC bill by debiting service heads, but they are required to present DC bill along with sub-vouchers in support of charges in all cases within a specified period. In case of Jharkhand, at present 25,611 DC bills worth Rs 6,861 crore have not been furnished to the AG office. The AG has pointed that this lapse contisnues from 2000-2001 and since AC bills reflect the disbursement and not the actual expenditure, there has been confusion in terms of budget utility.On the disparities pointed out by the AG, deputy chief minister Hemant Soren said, he would comment only after going through the text in detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17470756", "title": "Industrialists opposed to Agra airport, say will hamper business", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the UP government has finalized a consultant to decide on the feasibility of constructing an international airport in Agra, city-based industrialists are unhappy with the decision and have decided to approach the chief minister highlighting their concern. The UP tourism department has approved a consortium of experts and a letter of intent has been issued to the companies.The director general (tourism) Manoj Kumar Singh met the consultants on November 26 and handed them details of what exactly the state government is looking forward to. Industrialists say that although the international airport in Agra-Mathura circuit will cater to the needs of tourists, it will leave Greater Noida, Noida and Yamuna Expressway industries in a lurch.Earlier, the airport was proposed at Jewar. Multinational companies who were planning to expend business in Greater Noida are now mulling over taking this step as the airport in Agra will reportedly hamper business.\"In the past 12 years, no big company has set shop in the area and this decision has given a reason to industries to withdraw from Greater Noida,\" said Aditya Ghildiyal, vice-president of the Association of Greater Noida Industries ( AGNI).\"The airport in Jewar would have not only earned the state huge revenue, but also benefited Gurgaon and Faridabad. If the airport had taken off, the real estate sector would have been an impressive Rs 70,000 crore to Rs.80,000 crore,\" said Supertech director Mohit Arora.\"Jewar airport was a major factor that drove real estate companies and five-star hotel chains to Gautam Budh Nagar. The government will have a revenue loss of 20-25% if the airport is shifted to Agra,\" said Assocham member Vijay Gupta and CMD of Orris Infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17474052", "title": "Lumla constituency villagers want more development schemes", "text": "ITANAGAR: The people of 25 villages under Lumla constituency of Arunachal Pradesh expressed their desire for more schemes to relieve them of the hard life they lead in the villages, located above 6,700 feet and along the international border with Bhutan.The villagers of Buri, Bleting, Dongmareng, Namtsering Sanghar, Dudunghar, Loudung and Guntse conveyed their feeling to legislator Jambey Tashi during his three-day tour in the constituency from November 24 to 26 last.Tashi, whose constituency is one of the largest among the 60 constituencies in the state as it spreads over 618 sq km and touches Bhutan and China, toured the villages to establishing a direct link with his electors to know their perception on development and ways the state government could serve them better.On being informed that chief minister Nabam Tuki would visiting Lumla on December 1 to inaugurate the ADC building and meet the people of the area, most of them were eager to attend the function to meet their chief minister. Tashi said the people were very enthusiastic to welcome the CM and meet him.\"We do not have a petrol pump and LPG agency. We have to go all the way to Tawang to collect the essential items and the transportation cost increases the rates by double. We kindly seek the intervention of the CM for setting up facilities to provide these essential services at Lumla,\" the MLA said, quoting the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17473225", "title": "Top IAS official V S Singh killed by speeding car", "text": "JAIPUR: In a shocking incident on Monday, senior Rajasthan-cadre IAS officer V S Singh was killed on Tonk road in front of the Central park by a car barely a few metres from his home.He, along with deputy commercial tax officer Vijendra Singh, was on his way back home after his morning walk. Singh, who was posted as the additional chief secretary , forest and environment department, was rushed to the nearby Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital but was soon declared dead.Vijendra Singh's , who sustained a fracture on his left leg, is stable but is still in hospital. The sudden demise of Singh left his well-wishers stunned. Senior BJP leader Gulab Chand Kataria was seen weeping inconsolably at SMS hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17476135", "title": "Save Mahanadi stir gathers steam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Stepping up protest against the state government for allowing Mahanadi water for industrial use, Mahanadi Banchao Andolan, an organization to protect the river, on Monday staged a massive rally here.About six outfits, including two major political parties - the BJP and the Congress \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which joined the rally, alleged that the state government is showing magnanimity to industrial houses at the cost of farmers by allowing water to be drawn from rivers.\"The state government is allowing the industries to draw water from irrigation sources. From Mahanadi alone, 27 industries are drawing water on which farmers of three districts are dependent,\" alleged senior BJP leader Bijay Mohapatra. He said 17 other industries have lined up to draw water from the river. He questioned how the government could agree to give water to the industries without thinking about the repercussions.Sources said 1.5 lakh hectare of agricultural land in undivided Sambalpur district, 1.8 lakh hectare in undivided Cuttack district and 1.25 hectare in undivided Puri district are not getting sufficient water for rabi and kharif crops due to shortage of water.\"While the state government issues notices to the farmers for failing to pay water tax, strangely it is yet to collect about Rs 2,000 crore from the industries which have used water of different rivers,\" alleged Dilip Mallik, spokesperson of the outfit.The protesters, in a memorandum to the Speaker Pradip Amat, demanded formation of 'Mahanadi Commission' to record quantity of water used by industries and its impact on farmers and agriculture.\"We have also demanded supply of adequate water to farmers and a progressive water regulation,\" said senior Congress leader Umesh Swain. He said not only Mahanadi but also Brahmani, Baitarani, Rushikulya and Bansadhara are being exploited by the industries. Outfits, fighting to save different rivers, took part in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475733", "title": "'Pay back Rs 15 lakh with interest to contractor'", "text": "INDORE: The arbitrator appointed by Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court on Monday has ordered the director of Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IIM-I) to pay back the dues amounting Rs 15 lakh along with 10 per cent interest since 2007 in a case of private contractor who was allegedly harassed by the director of the institute N. Ravichandaran. The arbitrator retired Justice Subhash Samvatsar has also ordered to pay contractor Anand Furnishing Rs 51,000 for the loss of business occurred to him during the period. The retired justice had given 45 days for the compliance of judgement. The defence counsel in the case was N.K Dave.The honourable court had appointed Justice Samvatsar in January 2012 after Ramesh Kothari of Anand Furnishings had sought legal intervention. In 2007, the contractor was given work worth Rs 85 lakh for the furnishings of the institute but the last bill of Rs 6.55 lakh was stopped by the director of the institute stating work done was of inferior quality.The director had constituted a probe committee from SGSITS which had declared the work inferior. However, challenging it Kothari had asked the institute authority to appoint arbitrator to which he refused. Kothari said, \"I had requested to appoint arbitrator before moving to the court to judge the quality of work but the director refused. I was continuously harassed by him. Finally I had to approach court, which appointed arbitrator.\" When asked why the director had grudges with him, he said, \"I have been working for the institute when N. Ravichandaran was not on the post. I don't know what he was expecting from me, which I could not understand.\"According to the sources, Kothari was kept waiting for nearly a year for clearance of last bill amounting to Rs 6.55 lakh. Later, the director forfeited security amount of Rs 4 lakh and performance guarantee of Rs 4.55 lakh alleging inferior quality work done at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470416", "title": "Rs 1.71cr spent on foreign tours in 9 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit , her cabinet colleagues and legislators spent about Rs 1.71 crore in foreign tours in the last nine years with the CM topping the charts with a spending of about Rs 55 lakh.According to an RTI reply, Dikshit, her ministers and MLAs undertook around 57 foreign visits including to the US, the UK, Spain, Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, Germany and Switzerland and an amount of Rs 1.71 crore was spent between 2004 and October 2012.Dikshit spent Rs 54.74 lakh followed by her cabinet colleague Arvinder Singh Lovely who spent Rs 52.28 lakh from the public exchequer. A K Walia figured a distant third with spending of Rs 29.59 lakh. The trio was followed by Haroon Yusuf with Rs 9.74 lakh, Dr Yoganand Shastri with Rs 6.40 lakh and Mangat Ram Singhal spending Rs 6.30 lakh. The data was accessed under an RTI application filed by Delhi resident Vivek Garg.As many as nine visits were made to foreign countries during 2004 that cost about Rs 18.68 lakh as against 14 such visits in 2005 involving an expenditure of Rs 30.94 lakh and 11 tours in 2006 costing Rs 36.56 lakh.Eight such tours were undertaken in 2007 for which about Rs 25.74 lakh was spent while five visits during 2008 cost Rs 17.40 lakh, Delhi government's general administration department said.About Rs 42.33 lakh was spent on 10 foreign tours of Dikshit and her ministers between 2009 and October 2012. The visits were undertaken to attend various conferences and international seminars.According to the reply, A K Walia, as minister of health and family welfare, had gone to Canada and Japan between September 12-26, 2012 as member of empowered committee of state finance minister and a total of Rs 6.96 lakh were spent.Similarly, Haroon Yusuf, as minister of development, went to France and then Netherlands between May 16 and 23 this year to study wholesale fruit or vegetable markets in Rungis and Amsterdam. \"Expenditure was borne by Delhi Agricultural Marketing Board,\" it said.The Delhi chief minister and labour minister Ramakant Goswami had gone to Singapore between October 3 and 5 last year for an interaction with the Institute of Technical Education there. About Rs 3.57 lakh and Rs 3.41 lakh were spent on the visit by Dikshit and Goswami respectively, the RTI reply said.Goswami also went to Switzerland between June 6-10, 2011 to attend the 100th session of the International Labour Conference. Rs 9.96 lakh expenditure was borne by the state government.Arvinder Singh Lovely, minister of transport, visited London and Germany in January 2009 and in May 2011 to attend international events. About Rs 4.20 lakh and Rs 5.31 lakh respectively were spent on the trips, it said.In 2004, Lovely went to Germany, Greece, Spain, the UK and France, Dikshit to Germany, the US and Thailand and Yusuf and Walia made one trip each to Japan and Indonesia. In 2005, Lovely visited the UK and the UAE, Walia toured Japan, Germany and Italy, Dikshit went to Switzerland, Spain and the UK, Veer Singh Dhingan (MLA) went to the US, Yogananad Shastri, the then health minister, travelled to Japan and Raj Kumar Chauhan (environment minister) went to the UK, China and Japan.Besides, Rajesh Jain (MLA) went to the UK and Yusuf travelled to the US and Canada during that year.In 2006, Dikshit along with Yusuf and seven MLAs (Jagdish Mukhi, Kiran Walia, Narender Nath, Rajesh Jain, Shoaib Iqbal, Subhash Chopra and Harshawardhan) had gone to Melbourne, Australia to attend the opening and closing ceremonies of Commonwealth Games among other visits.During 2007 and 2008, visits were made ministers and legislators to Australia, Singapore, China, Brazil, the UK, Sweden, Hong Kong, China, Switzerland and the US among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470360", "title": "Ready to tackle China sea threat: Navy chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian warships are prepared to set sail for the South China Sea if the country's economic interests there are threatened in any way, with China upping the ante and even empowering its police to search and seize foreign ships in the contentious mineral-rich region.\"Are we preparing for it? Are we having exercises of that nature? The short answer is 'Yes'. We, of course, will need government clearance. Should a requirement come, I am sure we will have that clearance,\" said Navy chief Admiral D K Joshi on Monday, a day ahead of Navy Day.Speaking at a time when national security advisor Shiv Shankar Menon is in Beijing to engage with the new Chinese leadership, Admiral Joshi made it clear that his force's mandate was \"unambiguous\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be the \"net security provider\" wherever the country's \"sovereign interests\" may lie in maritime domain.India may not be \"a direct party or stakeholder\" in the \"complex\" dispute in South China Sea, where Beijing has become quite aggressive in its territorial disputes with countries like the Philippines, Taiwan, Vietnam and Malaysia , but it does have \"two primary concerns\" there.One, there should be unhindered and \"uninterrupted\" freedom of navigation for all countries in the South China Sea in accordance with international laws. \"Two, we have economic interests there. ONGC Videsh has three oil exploration blocks (off the Vietnam coast)... production in one has already begun. Should there be any requirement for any kind of protection, we are prepared,\" said Admiral Joshi, who recently returned from a visit to Vietnam.India and China have had diplomatic spats over ONGC's exploration off the Vietnamese coast in the recent past, with Indian warships even being challenged and needled by the Chinese Navy. What if Indian ships are now stopped, boarded and searched by the Chinese? The Navy chief said he did not expect such a situation to arise. But if it did, the \"rules of engagement\" would remain the same as elsewhere. \"In essence , wherever your right of self-defence is impeded, certain options are available.\"India is keeping a hawk eye on China's rapid military modernization. \"The modernization is impressive. It's a major concern... but we continuously evaluate and factor it into our strategies,\" he said, adding his force has its own plans underway to become a true multi-dimensional force with reach and sustainability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470198", "title": "HC dismisses Aruna Chaddha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bail petition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday dismissed the bail plea of Aruna Chaddha, a co-accused along with former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda in air hostess Geetika Sharma suicide case.Justice Pratibha Rani dismissed the bail plea after conclusion of hour-long arguments by senior advocate U U Lalit, appearing for 40-year-old Chaddha, arrested on August 8. Lalit began his arguments earlier for bail to Chaddha, saying \"I was arrested on August 8 and (I am) in jail for last 110 days. Moreover, the charge sheet has been filed and if we go by with the charge sheet then only substantial charge against me is the abetment of suicide.\"I deserved to be released on bail as I am a woman and a single parent of a 7-year-old child. Not only that, I have got old and ailing parents to look after. I have also been subjected to custodial interrogation.\"Additional Solicitor General Siddharth Luthra, appearing for police, opposed the bail plea and said, \"It is not a simple case...it is a case of continued harassment and the role of petitioner (Chaddah) is no less (serious) than (that of) Gopal Goyal Kanda.\"Meanwhile, a trial court on Monday directed the home secretary of Delhi government to ensure expeditious investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17473719", "title": "Govt to fund research in 10 core health areas", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has decided to fund research in 10 core areas of the state's health sector with the aim of promoting field level studies and strengthening its health care system. This will be the first time the State Health Systems Resource Centre (SHSRC) will be funding research done by medical students and officials working under the health and family welfare department.\"We are quite familiar with the studies conducted by various institutions. But field level studies are found to be lacking in the state. Hence, we look forward to fund such research and find the gaps which can be addressed through systematic approach,\" said State Health Systems Resource Centre executive director Dr Sreelatha.The priority areas identified for research are communicable and non-communicable diseases, reproductive and child health, health systems research, adolescent health, tribal health, nutrition, geriatrics, occupational health and other basic medical sciences.The need for communitybased studies and research has become the need of the hour as the state is facing serious problems on these fronts. The prevalence of communicable diseases and the reasons behind the infant mortality are two areas that require immediate community-based studies. \"The SHSRC aims to encourage and provide financial assistance to research projects which will help make policy changes and strengthen the health system,\" said Dr Sreelatha.National Rural Health Mission funds will be utilized for these researches. Institutions undertaking such research will get Rs 2.5 lakh while individual researchers will be given Rs 50,000 each. The research period will be one year for individuals and two years for institutions. Medical, para medical and post graduate medical students can submit their thesis as their research materials. The PhD students can also apply for this. Initially, a brief proposal will have to be submitted to the SHSRC.This will be scrutinized by the core committee. Once a proposal is accepted, the researcher will have to submit the detailed protocols along with the clearance of institutional ethical committee. The research is intended to generate evidence which will enable strengthening the health systems and all its elements on a scientific basis, especially governance, health service delivery, health financing and human resources for health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472204", "title": "2 businessmen robbed of Rs 6L at gunpoint", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two businessmen of Grain Market, Sector 26, were robbed of Rs 6 lakh at gunpoint outside their house in NAC area of Manimajra on Monday night.The incident took place around 9pm when Nikhil Bansal, 30, and his father Vijay Bansal, 52, reached their house in their Honda City. As they stepped out of the car, two youths appeared from nowhere and one of them flashed a revolver at Nikhil.In his statement to police, Vijay said, \"The bag containing Rs 6 lakh was in my hands and when I refused to hand over the bag to one of the robbers, his accomplice threatened that he would kill Nikhil. The other youth then snatched the bag from me.\"Vijay also claimed two unidentified youths had parked their car on the opposite side of the house and both fled after robbing the bag from him.DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said a case of robbery has been registered and prima facie robbers were aware about the timing of arrival of businessmen duo.The incident prompted local residents to protest. Sudhir Kathuria, a local resident, said around two years back, a similar gun point robbery took place in NAC, Manimajra, and the culprits still remain untraced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472169", "title": "Faculty development programme at UIET", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A two-week national level faculty development programme on \"MATLAB - Fundamentals and neural networks &amp; fuzzy logic toolboxes\" was inaugurated at UIET, PU campus on Monday.TEQIP is a World Bank Funded Programme implemented by MHRD, Government of India. The chief guest was PU research dean Madhu Raka, and keynote speaker was Chandigarh University (Punjab) research and planning dean Shakti Kumar.Raka spoke about MATLAB and similar softwares available for carrying out research and emphasized the importance of being aware of developments in this filed. Shakti Kumar, in his keynote address elaborated the concept of soft computing and its basic principles.He spoke about how mimicking the functioning of the human brain, social behaviour and nature can inspire us to design algorithms which provide solutions to intractable problems.He also discussed various real world applications like design of a fuzzy logic based controller for automatic charging, wireless mesh network design and wireless sensor network design.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471225", "title": "Cuffe Parade blaze a fire alarm for Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunday's fire at the residential Jolly Maker-1 tower in Cuffe Parade exposed how ill-prepared Mumbai is to fight high-rise blazes on two counts. First, the fire brigade is too poorly equipped to respond to emergencies on higher floors. Second, despite the tony, 26-storey building having an internal fire-fighting system, it turned out to be useless as it was not kept in functioning condition. Shockingly, residents said the building had recently installed the fire-fighting system.It is important to fight fires from within the building as also from without, but Mumbai appears to be not up to the challenge even as the high-rise committee -- which has a fire officer on board -- continues clearing proposals for even taller buildings.While the fire brigade has ladders that reach up to only 68 metres (20 to 25 storeys), there are around 1,200 buildings taller than 70 metres in the city. In June this year, Retired Justice Shafi Parkar, the high-rise committee chairman, and municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte cleared development proposals for 78 skyscrapers taller than 70 metres. Parkar said the fire brigade's preparedness is taken into account when clearing a proposal for a skyscraper. However, it took fire-fighters four hours to fight Sunday's blaze, which was on the 19th floor.The BMC will soon be spending Rs 15 crore to obtain advanced aerial ladders that can reach up to 90 metres (around 30 storeys). When Suhas Joshi, chief fire officer, was asked how fires would be handled in buildings of 30 or more storeys, he said, \"Under such circumstances, fire-fighters depend heavily on internal systems installed by the developers so they can fight the fire from the inside.\" However, as the Jolly Maker blaze showed, internal systems are not inspected often enough. According to the BMC's estimate, there are over 5,000 high-rises (buildings taller than seven storeys) in Mumbai and the number keeps increasing.Despite a senior fire official telling TOI that the fire brigade is equipped to handle fires as high as 68 metres, fire-fighters were in September seen struggling with hydraulic ladders that refused to reach even the 12th floor at BKC. A fire had raged for two hours at the First International Financial Centre (FIFC) building. After some trial-and-error tactics, three hydraulic ladders with different heights were used to reach the 12th floor. In June, the fire brigade took over 12 hours to douse a raging inferno that spread through the upper floors of the state secretariat, Mantralaya.\"One can't object to high-rises, per se,\" said city-based architect P K Das, member, Indian Institute of Architects. \"But the fact is that we, as a city, are ill-equipped and incapable of dealing with emergencies in high-rises. Our infrastructure is also not designed to handle high-rises. Having isolated high-rises proves counter-productive. There has to be a larger vision. When the high-rise committee approves proposals for skyscrapers, it must look at the BMC's preparedness, infrastructure and the carrying capacity of the areas in which the buildings are proposed. It must be a comprehensive study and not one based on an individual plot or building.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472746", "title": "Shabby interiors of corporation headquarter exposed", "text": "CHENNAI: Forgot about the poor condition of public toilets or civic infrastructure, the Chennai Corporation is struggling to maintain its own headquarters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Ripon buildings. The poor state of affairs came to light after an unidentified body was found hanging in a toilet inside Ripon buildings.In the past, many corporation staffers have complained about poor maintenance and inadequate security measures inside Ripon buildings. S Purushothaman, general secretary of Chennai Corporation General Workers Union, said: \"Unlike other important government offices, Ripon buildings have only a few security guards. So any one can enter the premises without any hurdles.\"Purushothaman also said that there was no proper monitoring undertaken by officials. \"Presently, there is no supervision by the officials. Many toilets in the Ripon buildings are in a bad shape. So they should conduct inspections in these toilets at least twice in a day.\"Incidentally, there have been complaints about the condition of poorly maintained toilets as well. A senior lady employee said: \"Each department of the corporation has separate toilets for both men and women. But sanitary workers are not regular in cleaning these toilets. So we are unable to use them because of the smell. For instance, toilets in the health department are in a pathetic condition due to pan stains. Even waste material has been dumped inside the public toilets.\"Ironically, the unidentified body was found in a toilet of the building which houses the parks department, stadium department and courts of the 19th and 20th metropolitan magistrates.When a TOI correspondent visited the location, the building looked desolate. Civic staffers were at work in a section which is under renovation. Metal rods hung from the ceiling of the building, the plaster had peeled off and even plants were growing out of the walls because of poor maintenance.An official who works in this building said: \"We were scared to work here, especially during rain. The ceiling always leaks and there are possibilities of a collapse. There is no proper lighting inside the building. After this incident, it may becometoo scary to work especially during late evenings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17470796", "title": "NH 24-Link Road T-point turns major bottleneck", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad authorities didn't seem to take traffic snarls into consideration while opening two lanes of the link road between Holland Factory in Greater Noida and NH-24 earlier this month. The under-construction T-point where the link road meets NH-24 has become a site of major chaos with commuters trying to wedge past their vehicles to use the road to travel between Greater Noida, Ghaziabad and Delhi. Peak hours have been witnessing major jams due to lack of traffic personnel being posted there to monitor movement of vehicles.Only two lanes were opened to traffic earlier this month for commuters travelling between Greater Noida, Ghaziabad and Meerut since the GDA is yet to complete work on the service lanes and the central verge of the link road. However, in spite of the incomplete construction work, people have been using the stretch. With no traffic cops stationed in the area to check such violations and with the ongoing work adding to the chaos, the haphazard traffic movement results in major snarls through the day.\"The chaos ends up slowing down complete traffic movement on the NH-24. Considering that some work is still being carried out, authorities should ensure that traffic cops are deployed in the area at least during peak hours,\" said Anubhav Ranjan, a resident of Ghaziabad and a regular commuter on the stretch.The GDA and the Greater Noida Authority, however, say that the problem is temporary as only some road strengthening and finishing work is remaining. \"The NH-24 is a very busy stretch. Cops are stationed at the entry and exit points on the Highway. However, as the traffic volume is very high it often gets impossible to control,\" said Anil Kumar, traffic inspector, Indirapuram, Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470370", "title": "IOA go all out to avoid suspension", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the International Olympic Committee (IOC) proposing to suspend the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) during its December 4-5 executive board meeting at Lausanne, the IOA, in a last-ditch effort, has decided to rush two of its officials to Switzerland to plead their case before the IOC top brass.Narinder Batra and RK Anand are the two officials who have been entrusted with the task of convincing the world body against disaffiliating the IOA for conducting its elections under the government's Sports Code. The IOC had earlier warned against government interference in the elections, and had demanded it to be conducted as per the Olympic Charter.Batra, who is also the secretary general of Hockey India, said they were waiting for a confirmation from the IOC. \"We have already booked the tickets and will board the flight as soon as we get a confirmation from the IOC's side. We have prepared everything to present our case before the IOC officials. We have done our homework and are hopeful of a favourable result,\" he was quoted as saying in agency reports.Virender Nanavati, who got elected unopposed as senior vice-president, said the IOC has not been given a correct picture of the whole story. \"I think the IOC has not been given a correct picture of the whole story. The two officials are going to do just that and we are hopeful that it will not take any action after hearing our side of the story,\" he said.Nanavati added that the contentious issue of which framework to follow in the IOA polls has changed after the Delhi High Court order. \"There were meetings earlier (among IOC, IOA and government officials) but at that time there was no court order. But now there is the Delhi High Court order and I want to ask: Can a citizen of this country disobey a court order?\" Nanavati asked.(With agency inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470665", "title": "HC hearing on toll plaza case today", "text": "GURGAON: The hearing on the Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza is scheduled for Tuesday in Punjab and Haryana high court. During the last hearing, the high court had asked all the stakeholders, including the private concessionaire, Haryana Urban Development Authority ( HUDA) and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to sit together and find permanent solutions to traffic jams on the e-way.On Tuesday, all the stakeholders will submit their reports in the court stating what actions they have already taken and what others they are going to do in the coming months.Unhappy with the existing measures to check traffic snarls near the toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway, the high court had stated that if workable solutions are not found, it might again issue directives exempting commuters from paying the toll during peak hours.According to the court's direction, a meeting was held in the Gurgaon police commissioner's office on November 19. During the meeting, the concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd ( DGSCL), had been asked by police to popularize the suggested 'touch-and-go' smart card among commuters and make them available at petrol pumps.Moreover, Gurgaon police recommended installation of CCTV cameras at the \"Red lines\" drawn at 400 metres on both sides of the toll plaza. The court had ordered opening of boom barriers and free passage to commuters, if traffic crosses this red line.Besides that, an inspection of the e-way was also carried the next day to assess the ground realities and find time-bound solutions. Subsequently, a list of more than 20 points where actions were required was made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472660", "title": "All four railway over bridges cost double the estimates", "text": "NAGPUR: Unfortunately for the city and the cash-strapped Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), the project cost of all four railway over bridges (RoBs) in city has doubled due to inordinate delays in completion of works. The project cost of railway under bridge (RuB) at Anand Talkies too has increased to a great extent.A major worry now is that only one of the five projects has been completed. The construction of one RoB is yet to begin, meaning there could be further escalations in the project costs.The central government had approved all the projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). According to the monthly progress report of projects submitted by NMC to the ministry of urban development (MoUD) last month, the project cost of Mangalwari RoB escalated by 136%. The project came to an end and was opened to the public in October. NMC had to spend Rs 20.06 crore instead of the approved cost of Rs 8.49 crore on it.Sources at NMC told TOI that the escalated cost of any project has to borne by NMC itself. \"Centre approved the cost of projects during approval stage. It will bear 50% of total approved cost while 20% will be paid by the state government and 30% by NMC. The centre or state will not contribute to the escalated costs,\" sources said.The six-lane cable street RoB, popularly known as Ram Jhula, may set a record for cost escalation. The project approved and awarded for Rs 45.97 crore. The project is being constructed by Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) on behalf of NMC. The monthly progress report of the civic body mentions the project is 61% complete. The final deadline is October 2014.Ram Jhula's revised cost is pegged at Rs 96 crore, almost 108% above approved cost and 39% work still remains. NMC officials say that the total escalated cost will not be borne by NMC. The project is being constructed by MSRDC, therefore, the state will also end up contributing to the escalated amount.TOI has already reported that Maskasath RoB project cost doubled due to delays. This project is a major worry for NMC even before it starts. The difference between the approved cost and awarded cost is already 94%. The project cost will escalate further, as completion is expected to be at least another 12-18 months away.The Itwari RoB's project cost too increased 94% compared to approved cost. Around 35% work is yet to be completed. A further increase in project cost cannot be ruled out. NMC had to shell out Rs 3.56 crore to lease land from the railways, which will definitely increase the project cost.The Anand Talkies RuB is no exception. The project cost of the RuB has increased by 20% with some 35% work still pending. However, work is going on at a fast pace and the RuB is nearing completion. It is expected to be inaugurated later this month.The total approved cost of the four RoBs stands at Rs 66 crore. It clearly proves that NMC will have to spend over Rs 132 crore on these projects if not more.Amid all these delays, Kalamna RoB is the only project completed on time and maybe without any high escalation. The project was approved along with the Ram Jhula. The RoB opened for public a couple of years ago. MSRDC constructed that project also.A senior NMC official said on condition of anonymity that the delays are due to various reasons. \"Much time was consumed in getting clearances, especially from the railways. Land acquisition was also a problem in a couple of projects. Besides, 19 projects were to be executed at a time. The civic body did not have experience in big projects before the approval of projects under JNNURM. Still, NMC managed to execute and complete seven projects till date. The cost of various components of the bridges too increased to a great extent. All these pushed the project cost,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17474801", "title": "MPHC notices to Union, state govts, oil cos over LPG policy", "text": "JABALPUR: The Madhya Pradesh high court on Monday issued notices to the government of India, state government and three oil companies - Hindustan Petroleum , Bharat Petroleum Limited and Indian Oil Corporation to furnish a reply in a petition which seeks to strike down the one-household-one-LPG connection for its potential to destroy the joint family structure.Admitted by Chief Justice, Justice Sharad Arvind Bobde and Justice Alok Aradehy, the petition has charged the government with a deliberate conspiracy to disintegrate the cultural fabric of India and its time honored institution, in direct contravention of article 14 and 21 of the Indian constitution.Talking to TOI, petitioner Dr P G Naajpandey said that the recently announced annual subsidy cap of 6 LPG cylinders per household is a direct attack on Indian values. \"People in India, unlike their western counterparts, don't believe in a nuclear family or in a set up which is confined to parents, their married children or grandchildren alone. Here one unit, particularly in a rural or mufassil set up, connotes a sprawling family with uncle, aunts, cousins, distant relatives some of them without any financial means to sustain themselves ,who stay under a single roof and share food cooked in the same kitchen.\"The decisions taken by the respondents, the petition hold, violates the spirit of article 14 and 21. Article 14 guarantees personal liberty. \"In this case the government displays a marked bias against the joint family and singles it out for punitive legal action while providing inequal preference and privilege to the smaller ones, apart from curtailing the liberty of choosing the size and character of one's family, Naajpande, pointed out.The order, he said, would tantamount to coercing the consumer to shed the time honored joint family and incentivize limiting the numbers or setting up separate kitchens .Counsel Dinesh Upadhyaya said that the petition highlights how the amendment to the liquefied petroleum gas regulation supply and distribution order 2000, could be blamed for promoting a blatantly partial approach. Section 3 of the act, relating to the \"restriction or unauthorized possession supply and consumption of the liquefied petroleum gas\" lays down that \"a person having a connection for LPG cylinder under public distribution system may not possess more than one connection.\"This clearly shows that in 2002 , one person meant one unit .This was amended in 2009 when the word \"person\" was substituted with the word\" household.\" Therefore, the petition seeks quashing of the amendment and also the governments policy to roll back the subsidy. Meanwhile, the bench has given three weeks time to the ministry of petroleum and natural gas, MP government and the gas companies for filing their reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472360", "title": "Criminal's involvement suspected in firing", "text": "PUNE: Police suspect the involvement of Laxman Jadhav, a criminal on their records, in the firing on Sunday at Prithvi restaurant on Karve Road.\"The CCTV footage which we procured from nearby buildings shows that Jadhav was involved in the firing,\" said a senior police officer from the crime branch.On September 27, the suspect Jadhav and his accomplice had fired a bullet at a builder's bungalow at Mahatma society in Kothrud. The bullet had pierced the window pane and landed in the drawing room of the bungalow.According to the inspector of Kothrud police station S B Navale, who is investigating the case, the same weapon was used in the firing at the builder's bungalow in September and as well as in Sunday's incident. \"We suspect Jadhav was involved in both the crimes,\" Navale said.Navale added that Jadhav was untraceable since June 12 after he had shot at builder Sheshram Chaudhari's employee Vinayak Jade at a point blank range at Gosavi vasti.After the incident Jadhav had called Chaudhari and demanded Rs 10 lakh from him. \"We have launched a massive hunt for search to traceJadhav,\" Navale said.A senior police officer from the crime branch told TOI that Jadhav has 10 cases registered against him - seven at Kothrud, two at Warje Malwadi and one at Haveli police station.These cases are for murder, attempt to murder, extortion and under the Arms Act.\"Jadhav was earlier an accomplice of a robber from Gosavi Vasti. However, since the last one year Jadhav has started his own gang,\" the officer said.The officer added that Jadhav's accomplices and his former gang leader were called to identify him in the CCTV footage.The officer added that the police suspect Jadhav's involvement after watching the CCTV footage, the police suspect that the person involved in the firing was Jadhav. \"We called Jadhav's accomplices and his former gang leader, who have recognized him,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474545", "title": "Hello, restaurant! Show me the calorie-count menu, please", "text": "If you go through easy-to-use nutrition information on the menu at the time of ordering in your favorite restaurant or if you get information of total calories consumed in your final bill, do you think it will help us to eat wisely?Nowadays an insurance company is showing a very interesting advertisement, where a common man is asking so many questions before purchasing a shaving blade, this advertisement gives a message that if you can ask so many questions before purchasing a petty thing then why you choose your insurance policy blindly just by going through the name of the company, after all it is a matter of your savings and future. If we are really so concerned about our future, can we apply the same with our present with the food we eat outside, usually we just go by the name of the restaurant or the famous dishes it serves without showing any concern about the nutritional values of the meal.Today eating out is no more a leisure thing but it has increasingly become a part of our lives, every day all of us depend upon restaurants, snack bars, and canteens of schools, hostels, offices, hospitals and institutions. There could be many reasons for eating out like you hardly find a time to cook or too tired to cook food when you return home after a hectic day, with every one turning to cities for livelihood leaving family behind, today from a medical student at premier medical institute to modest call center employee, all of us are mostly dependent on the outside food.We usually decide about the restaurant to visit by looking at a few factors like whether it can satisfy our taste buds, food presentation, service and ambience. When was the last time you enquired about the nutrition information of the food you had at your favourite restaurant? Just try asking this question and see how fast the smiles on the faces of the serving staff fade away.Today when we buy each and every product from the market after checking expiry date, nutrition information and other details, why do we always ignore the same while eating the food outside!As per our National norms, the recommended nutritional requirement for rural areas is 2,400 calories a day and 2,100 calories a day for urban areas, as we have less physical activity in urban areas. With the emergence of smartphones and tablets, I fear there is far more decline in physical activity; such a sight is not rare when you see people eating their food while browsing their gadgets.It is not that people are not concerned about the calories they consume but either they have a very limited choice of healthy restaurants or some of us immediately wash away our sins by taking a zero calorie diet cola immediately after consuming a large cheese pizza.When you eat one portion of butter chicken with dal makhani and a naan, you end up having approx 900 calories, which is almost half of your daily calories need. On average there are 250-300 calories in a single slice of your favourite cheese pizza, that means a medium size pizza carry more than 1800 calories. I really do not wish to scare you but just make you think about an important point that suppose if calorie count is mentioned on the menu, it will certainly help you to decide how much portion size is sufficient for you.Easy-to-use nutrition information on the menu card with basic details like total calories in a each item will certainly help us to order wisely and eat sensibly. It will not only make us to decide the right item to eat in right portion but also the calorie competition among restaurants will improve preparation method, for instance roasting adds less calories than frying, also expect less cooking oil, less salt in you favorite dishes with more good nutrition value. Also if we get information of total calories consumed in our final bill, it will certainly help us to plan our food for entire day left or next day.Some restaurants may fear that they will lose business, but at the end of the day they will earn more loyalty with the customers by disclosing to them what is their basic right to know. Every day we discuss the problem of obesity in our urban population, information about nutritional content of food available in restaurants will surely help them to decide the right food to order.It took 59 year for India to have it's Food Safety and Standards Authority, which is now our premier body to lay down science based standards for articles of food and to set certain standards about the food we eat. I hope FSSAI will certainly take some step about this serious issue, which needs immediate attention so we can also have strong, healthy and robust India in days to come.(Rahul Verma is co-founder of Uday Foundation, a nonprofit dedicated to children with birth defects)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17475257", "title": "Focus on promoting skills of special children sought", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Around 1,500 special children from 28 schools in the city participated in a programme organised by the department of welfare of disabled and senior citizens on Monday in Vizag, to commemorate the International Day of the Disabled, who also displayed their skills by showcasing various handicrafts in stalls put up specially for the occasion.\"The government and NGOs are doing a good job of taking care of these children but there needs to be sharper focus on developing and nurturing their special skills so that they can prove themselves superior to normal children,\" district collector and magistrate V Sheshadri said on the occasion.Pointing out that the Sarva Siksha Abhiyan was an all-inclusive medium catering to the needs of these children, including providing them home-based training, he said special camps for assessment of orphans with disabilities would be held for pension, medical treatment and scholarships. \"The NGOs should submit a proposal to the government regarding this,\" he said.Various schools for the children with mental and physical disabilities put up 13 handicrafts stalls that displayed wares like soft toys, diyas, woollies, cane crafts, paintings, embroidery works, wind chimes, replica of fruits and vegetables, wax flowers and flower vases. The children with disabilities also showcased their flair for music, dance and drama. Children from participating schools included Hidden Sprouts Special School for the mentally challenged children, Sunflower Special School, Pimhans for the multiple handicapped and spastics, Shreya Foundation's Ashrayadham, Lebenshilfe School, Omkar and Lions School for the deaf, Integrated vocabulary training and rehabilitation centre for the disabled, S V School for the deaf among others.Apart from the district collector and additional joint collector, who inaugurated the stalls put up, officials from AU, NTPC and HPCL also attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17470982", "title": "Exercise begins at King George's Medical University to disinfect operation theatres", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following report of infection breeding in the cardio thoracic and vascular surgery (CTVS) departments, the King George's Medical University (KGMU) hospital administration has initiated a mop-up exercise for all the operation theatres (OTs) on the campus. There are 48 OTs in 15-odd surgical departments of the institute. \"We wrote to the head of all departments to initiate steps to get the OT in their department free of infection,\" said Prof Shankhwar, chief of hospitals at KGMU. \"The usual measures to disinfect an OT include fumigation in which fumes of an anti-septic material is created to clean the OT or ICU. Carbonisation is yet another mandatory practice in which the walls and floor of an OT / ICU are mopped with anti-septic solutions,\" he said.Meanwhile, it may take another week for the operation theatre at CTVS department to get functional. The OT was closed last week when surgeons found certain patients had developed infections after the surgery hinting at presence of infectious microbes inside the OT. Tests conducted by medical university's hospital infection control unit confirmed their doubts. The report said both bacteria and fungus were present in the OT and it should be closed immediately in better interest of patients' health.Officials claimed they would get the OT functional by Monday but their efforts failed. \"We are waiting for an expert team from Delhi to come and certify that the OT was safe for work. They would reach Lucknow on Tuesday and the entire work is expected to take two to three days. We can hope for it to get functional by the weekend,\" said Prof Shankhwar. He informed that several steps to disinfect the OT had already been taken by the medical university. \"We got the hepa filters (special type of filters installed in the AC to restrict bacteria and fungi from entering the OT) changed and exposed the compressed air supply system to nitrogen rush - a process that kills all microbes in it besides the regular mopping and fumigation,\" he added.The event led to cancellation of scores of cardiac surgeries causing inconvenience to the patients. As per estimates, about 25 patients were directly affected by the closure of OT while nearly 150 in the wait list bore the cascading effect. With another week for the service to resume, the number of patients affected would swell further. The CVTS department has stopped admission of new patients in their indoor wards. They are, however, attending patients in the out patient department as usual. \"Patients in need of surgery over the next three months are being referred to other centers,\" said a doctor on duty.Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences and Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences are the other centres in the government sector where CVTS department exists. A couple of private hospitals offer consultation and surgery in the super-specialty. Incidentally, it is not the first time infection crept into an OT at a medical university. In February 2008, five patients operated for cataract in the OT of KGMU's ophthalmology department lost vision on account of bacterio-fungal infection. A damp wall near the OT was seen as the cause of infection. A similar incident was reported at the OT of Ram Maohar Lohia Hospital about three years ago. But the service was resumed in a week's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470592", "title": "Regularization to be key poll issue again", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of regularization of unauthorized colonies will be a dominant issue in the upcoming assembly elections. Recently, the Delhi government informed the three municipal corporations that it will not pay for the layouts of unauthorized colonies which have been notified for regularization. Sources say that the resident welfare associations have been asked to pay for the layouts. This has given BJP, which is the ruling party in all the municipal corporations, a chance to attack the Congress-led Delhi government and its \"flawed policies\". However, the government claims that it is following the central government policies.\"The government has communicated to us last month that it will not pay for the layouts. It has been suggested that the RWAs should be asked to pay. We had selected a few colonies for the preparation of layouts and have informed the RWAs of these colonies that they have to pay,\" said a senior South corporation official.The BJP, which has been out of power in the state for nearly 14 years, has launched an attack on the Delhi government accusing it of \"misleading residents of unauthorized colonies\".\"They are not thinking about the welfare of lakhs of people living in these colonies. They notified the list of unauthorized colonies in a hurry,\" said Subhash Arya, leader of the House, South corporation. Though the government had agreed to pay for the layouts in a meeting with LG Tejendra Khanna, it has now gone back on its word. Now, they want to blame the corporation for not preparing the layouts, added Arya.While the civic agencies claim that the Delhi government is yet to take a final decision regarding the cut-off date for preparing the layouts, Delhi's urban development minister Arvinder Singh Lovely said, \"The layouts have to be prepared as per the present ground situation. The civic agencies have been informed about it. As for unauthorized construction on land, which was vacant in 2007, the civic agency is to be blamed.\"In a meeting last week, the Delhi government had agreed to pay the initial amount so that the work can start.As per the rules, RWAs have to pay for the layouts. The government was to pay the initial amount, which the corporations will collect from RWAs at the time of regularization, said Lovely.But the corporation, which had roped in three government institutions to prepare the layouts, said it can't start the work if RWAs have to pay. \"If the RWAs have to pay, then they can get the layouts made from any agency. We can't force them to get it made from our agencies,\" said Arya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17471920", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPro-Maoists behind attack on police\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Senior SP Rajesh Kumar on Monday said that some pro-Maoists, liquor mafia and anti-social elements were behind the murderous attack on police at Pansalwa Chowk under Motipur police station area in Muzaffarpur district on Sunday evening.The police acted with utmost restraint as a result of which nobody from the public was injured in police action that followed, he claimed.The SSP said the mob had staged a dharna on the four-lane NH-28 simply for demanding compensation to the family of deceased Soni, 15, of Morsandi village and arrest of Rajeshwar Rai and others accused of beating her to death l for stealing a fruit 'kesaur' from Rai's field.The peaceful gathering of villagers was later on incited by anti-social elements to attack the police party which had gone there to persuade them to lift the blockade.On the other hand, tension prevailed once again at Morsandi on Monday when a mob tried to make the house of Rajeshwar Rai Soni's funeral pyre. The police once again acted with restraint and did not go to the village to avoid any further trouble. However, the frenzied mob was successfully persuaded by a saner section of the villagers not to set afire Rai's house. Later on, the funeral took place on the nearby embankment.A few villagers claimed that they were supporting the blockade only for the payment of Rs 20,000 under family benefit scheme and Rs 15,000 for the girl's last rites. But nobody from the administration turned up to announce the same.The blockade did not end even after stone pelting, police lathicharge and firing in the air. It was lifted only when some villagers collected Rs 20,000 as donation among themselves and gave it to the bereaved family. The police have also assured the public to arrest the main accused in Soni murder case within 48 hours from Sunday evening. All the accused are at large.Meanwhile, all the four police personnel including Motipur SHO Nawal Kishore Rai, ASI Hareram Singh, driver Md. Ali and an SAP jawan, who had been injured in stone pelting, have been shifted from Motipur PHC on Monday to a private nursing home at Bairiya Chowk for better treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470632", "title": "HUDA officials can't overstay their welcome anymore", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) will soon issue notices to the officials who haven't vacated their official quarters despite their being transferred or retired. The authorities will send notices to 20 such occupants in different sectors in Gurgaon.HUDA took the action after a recent department probe revealed that employees continue to occupy the houses despite their transfer or retirement. The defaulting officials will be asked to hand over the possession of the houses and pay the rent to HUDA. The unpaid rents run into lakhs and the department is planning strict action against the defaulting officials.In one instance, according to a senior official, a property in Sector 15 is currently being occupied by the wife of an official who used to work in HUDA. \"The official was transferred long ago, but his wife, who works in Gurgaon, continues to live in the house,\" said a HUDA official, on condition of anonymity.Refusing to divulge the names of the defaulting officials, another HUDA official said: \"There are some officials who are retired or are facing department action or are transferred, but still retaining the houses that were allotted to them at the time of their service in Gurgaon.\"The accounts and finance department of the authority is now calculating the rent to be taken from the defaulting officials, who will have to pay the rent according to the market rate, and in case of a delay, this amount will be deducted from their salaries. \"Before eviction, the occupants will be issued notices to clear the rent, or face penalty. The occupants who are already retired will have to pay the rent according to the market rate as per the policy,\" said the official.As per the policy, HUDA officials are given accommodation while they are posted in Gurgaon. \"The problem arises when a new person joins and demands urgent accommodation after taking charge,\" said the official. No one, he said, wants to stay in private accommodation in Gurgaon because of the skyrocketing rents. \"The requests for seeking official accommodation are pending for more than three months,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470174", "title": "Out on bail, Geetika case prime witness flees to US", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could be a huge setback to the Geetika Sharma suicide case, investigators have learnt that the prime witness for the police, Chanshivroop, has fled to the US. Chanshivroop was last seen when he had recorded his statement in court on November 27.A source told TOI that Chanshivroop first went to Abu Dhabi and then to Dubai from where he boarded a flight to New York. Call records have revealed that he had taken help from a few people over there.Chanshivroop was an assistant manager in the human resources department in Kanda's MDLR company and reported to Aruna Chaddha.He was apprehended for his alleged role in harassing Geetika Sharma after the cops got to know that Chanshivroop had gone to Dubai on Kanda's behest to force Geetika to return to India. He had also sent threatening mails to Geetika.The incident has left the cops red-faced as they had quietly arrested Chanshivroop in mid-November for forgery; he later got bail. He became a police witness in early November, but cops didn't seize his passport.The incident has not only brought to light gross negligence on the police's part, but also the fact that attempts to weaken the case have already gained momentum.Cops suspect Chanshivroop couldn't have escaped to the US alone; he was definitely helped by Gopal Kanda through his resources spread in different cities. Kanda's counsel has, however, rubbished all such allegations.A senior police officer said a notice has been served to Chanshivroop's father as he had given the surety for his bail. Chanshivroop's father had informed the court on Saturday that his son had gone missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "dharmapuri/chennai", "code": "17473060", "title": "Four held for attack on dalits in Dharmapuri", "text": "DHARMAPURI/CHENNAI: The CB-CID on Monday arrested four men in connection with the attack on three dalit colonies in Dharmapuri in November even as, in Chennai, the district administration informed the Madras high court that security has been stepped up in the area.Investigating officers said they had arrested Vijayan, Palani, Thangavel and Dharman for the attack. The CB-CID produced the suspects before a Dharmapuri magistrate's court, which remanded them in judicial custody.\"We arrested them after confirming that they either took part in the attack or instigated others to ransack and torch dalit houses,\" an investigating officer said. \"They belong to the vanniyar community and are from Naickenkottai village in Dharmapuri district.\"Mobs went on the rampage near Naikkankottai on November 7, torching more than 260 houses.In a status report filed on Monday, district collector R Lilly said the government had paid cash relief of 50,000 each to around 300 families whose houses the mobs had set ablaze. She said the state had also provided shelter, food, clothes and medical attention to villagers targeted in the attack and repaired their houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470754", "title": "Trinamool Congress gag order against leaders", "text": "KOLKATA: Worried that the rumblings among a section of senior party leaders are sending a wrong message down the line to average party workers, several disgruntled leaders, who had recently voiced their resentment in public, were advised by the Trinamool Congress leadership not to air their views in public.The gag order even went to the extent of suggesting that all media interviews need to be first ratified by the parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee. Leaders such as Rabindranath Bhattacharya, Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay, Sikha Mitra and Seuli Saha have been vocal on issues which have only exposed the bickering within the Trinamool rank and file. Speaking to the reporters at the Writers' Building on Monday,Chatterjee said, \"Party discipline should be abided by all. It doesn't matter whether anyone is a big or small leader.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475150", "title": "State cops seek details of seized 'Sikh Regiment arms' from Army", "text": "RANCHI: Mystery surrounding the cache of arms and ammunition that police recovered from a forest in Hazaribag is thickening after the Sikh Regimental Centre in Ramgarh said those did not belong to them. Jharkhand police on Monday wrote to the central command of the Indian Army seeking details of weapons and cartridges used by the army to verify the Sikh Regiment's claim.IG S N Pradhan said the regimental centre's claim has made the probe complex. \"We decided to involve all central agencies, including the Intelligence Bureau and the National Investigating Agency along with the central command ofArmy, as it is necessary for us to trace the owners of the ammunition,\" he said, adding that the police can also seek expert help on the particulars of the weapons.Last week, security forces had recovered a huge cache of ammunition, including 5,000 cartridges of rifles, over 100 grenades and ammunition for big rocket launchers and tanks from the jungle.Police sources said there was no confusion on their part about the ownership of the ammunition. \"We are sure these belong to the army but fail to understand why the Sikh Regimental Centre is not accepting it. Our investigation shows the ammunition is only used by the Army and we can say with confidence it was part of the weapons taken away by jawans of the Sikh Regiment during Operation Blue Star,\" said a source. An officer supervising the investigation said no other organization or any rebel outfit in the country, has weapons to use such high-calibre ammunition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17474132", "title": "Thane Municipal Corporation seals HDFC Bank ATM for 'non-payment' of property tax", "text": "THANE: Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) on Monday sealed an HDFC Bank ATM here for alleged non-payment of property tax to the tune of Rs 12.40 lakh.A civic team led by Kopri Ward Officer sealed the HDFC Bank's ATM situated at Narayan Nivas Building near the railway station, a release said.According to TMC, the total default due on the premises where the ATM is located is Rs 13.64 Lakh including Rs 12.40 lakh towards the property tax.Meanwhile, HDFC Bank sources said that according to information available immediately the landlord has not paid the property tax, which has invited the civic action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17473807", "title": "4 crore sanctioned for devpt project, says Mukul Sangma", "text": "SHILLONG: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma has said Rs 4 crore has been sanctioned for road construction from Rongram to Lakhimpur in Assam via Damal Asim, Raksamgre and Phutamati as part of the government's inter-state border areas development project.Mukul said this after laying the foundation of Greater Raksamgre Water Supply Scheme (GWSS) under the National Rural Drinking Water Programme (NRDWP) at Raksamgre in Tikrikilla C and RD blocks. He also laid the foundation for improving the 15-km stretch of the Phutamati-Jangrapara Road.The GWSS was sanctioned on March 31 this year with an estimate of Rs 9.54 crore covering 52 villages, said officials of public health department. Addressing the gathering, Mukul said the salaries of primary school teachers have been increased and that the Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide support to education and health sectors.On the other hand, ruing the unsatisfactory results in Garo Hills, Mukul said coaching classes for students have been initiated. Reiterating the government's endeavour to strengthen the education sector, he stated that aspiring teachers have to undergo teachers' training for which a scholarship of Rs 5000 a month for two years would be given.Dwelling on the government's newly introduced Universal Health Insurance Scheme to registered beneficiaries, he said a special accidental death insurance scheme for professional drivers will be launched wherein families of drivers can claim financial insurance in case of their death in accidents.Elaborating on the government's flagship Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Programme (IBDLP), Mukul said aquaculture for Tikrikilla block has been approved and that a Multi Facility Center to promote entrepreneurship has been sanctioned for all blocks of the state.He promised the establishment of a police outpost in Raksamgre. Parliamentary secretary LD Sangma, Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) chairman Alphonse Sangma, chief executive member of the GHADC PK Sangma, former speaker Monindro Rabha and former MLA EK Sangma were amongst those present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17474457", "title": "Apple iTunes Store debuts in India, songs selling at Rs 7", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple has finally rolled out iTunes Store in India and Indonesia, which will offer music and movies from these countries as well as international offerings. The iPhone maker had launched iTunes Store in many parts of Asia in June, but left out the two nations that have combined population of approximately 1.4 billion.In India, the new Apple iTunes Store offers individual songs priced at between Rs 7-15 and whole albums from Rs 70. The company is also offering iTunes Match in the country, which enables users to store music purchased from sources other than iTunes in the cloud.The company will face competition from the likes of Gaana.com, Saavn.com and Dhingana.com when it comes to music streaming. Similarly, iTunes Store will have to grapple with services like BoxTV and Spuul for movie streaming in the country.In Indonesia, iTunes Store will sell music at IDR 5,000-7,000, while albums and movies cost IDR 45,0000-65,000 and IDR 149,0000, respectively,Internet penetration is less than 10% in India, but the country still ranks among the top 5 traffic destinations for Facebook. Similar is the case with Indonesia, where the internet has reached less than 20% of the population. Both the countries have high levels of content piracy, which has plagued the content companies and affected revenues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17474737", "title": "Army Public School junks junk food", "text": "BHOPAL: Schools are taking it up a notch up these days when it comes to inculcating 'healthy habits' in their students. From pre-assembly warm up to stringent rules on the tiffin they bring, schools make sure that children are on their toes, literally.Army Public School, Bairagarh is one such shining example in the city. The school has strictly prohibited the students from getting any 'junk food' to school.Principal of the school Seema Dwivedi talking to TOI said, \"A circular was already sent to the parents that they should give their wards fresh and healthy tiffin. The teachers strictly monitor the tiffin of the students and make sure they do not bring any junk food or leftovers.\"Children are dissuaded from bringing junk foods like Maggi, leftover pizzas, bread and butter sandwiches, or even too much oily tiffin to school, she said.\"We have even provided a list of healthy foods to the parents. We encourage students to bring nutritious Indian food like roti-subzi, idli-dosa and upma,\" she said.\"The school also organises healthy tiffin competition annually and both the child and the mother are awarded,\" the principal said.Besides, the school canteen also does not stock any aerated drinks and children are told not to bring money for the canteen more than once a week, she added.St Joseph's Convent, Idgah Hills, on the other hand conducts a 5-minute pre-assembly warm-up four times a week whenever the general assembly is held. Besides, the school has a 45-minute group PT (GPT) every Saturday.Spokesperson of the school Ravdeep Singh said, \"This has been going on since a couple of years to inculcate tough habit in students apart from the regular games and PT periods per class.\"\"This is being done so that body toning and fitness of students improve as most spend a lot of time on sedentary activities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475764", "title": "Wills-Kat could name baby after Princess Diana", "text": "Daddy-to-be Prince William could name his little princess Diana , in loving memory of his mother, according to one expert.Royal Author Phil Dampier said that he would be \"astonished\" if Kate and William did not use Princess Diana's name for their first-born, if they were to have a royal baby girl, the Mirror reported.No sooner had the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announced their exciting news, eager bookies offered odds on what the new offspring might be called.Not surprisingly, topping the list of girls' titles was Her Majesty's namesake Elizabeth.Bookies Ladbrokes had Liz chalked up as 8/1 favourite if the couple have a girl.They also had William's dad Charles down as a joint favourite if Kate has a royal baby boy. Charles was 10/1, along with John.Diana was the next most popular choice and Dampier believes the couple will no doubt be thinking about some sort of tribute to Princes William and Harry's late mother, who died in a car crash in Paris in 1997.\"I think Diana's influence will be very strong. Kate will surely have asked William about his upbringing and on their engagement Kate spoke about her regret at not meeting Diana and how she found her an inspiration,\" Dampier said.\"I'm sure she will be looking at what Diana did as a mother and learning from her. I would be utterly astonished if Diana didn't make up some part of the name should the baby be a girl.\"\"William missed her at the abbey when he wed Kate - she is always in his mind,\" he added.Other popular names that might be chosen for the baby include Anne (12/1), James (12/1), Mary (14/1) and Richard (16/1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17470907", "title": "Companies take stock, rework offers to retain IITians", "text": "MUMBAI: The IIT campus placements this year show many firms have wisened up to the trend of fresh recruits moving on other jobs, sometimes a few months after joining.So, instead of higher signing bonuses and relocation expenses, companies are giving stock options to the extent of close to 100% of the base salary.Facebook , a social networking company, has offered students a base salary of $100,000, a bonus, a relocation bonus of $20,000 and stock options of $120,000 if they stick on for two years. Similarly, Twitter, Google, Amazon and American Express have beefed up their compensation packages by tucking in stock options.An IIT-Bombay student, who got placed on day one of the placement, said, claimed that a couple of social media networks have offered stock options to students.\"Though the institute mainly presents us with the base salary, A couple of companies in the social networking sector have offered stock options of a lump sum amount and it is looking attractive.\"The scene at IIT-Kanpur is also the same. Some of the companies, mainly start-ups, have offered stock options to students as their package.Shadab Mohammed, a member of the core team for placements at IIT-Kanpur, said, \"Some of the companies have offered stock options at our campus too. The reasons vary from retention of talent to an incentive to motivate young recruits and also to give them a sense of responsibility.\" Many start-ups like Flipkart are offering stock options, he said.Vice-president on the placement committee at IIT-Kharagpur (IIT-Kgp) Rinshul Chandra said, that over time, companies offering stock options to fresh graduates of the IITs have indeed increased in count. The reasons for the change are many: start-up companies wanting to spruce up their offer, a bad economy that is forcing the way hiring is done and organisations wanting to cut down attrition.\"The number of firms offering stock options, though about 10% of the total, has increased over the years. It is a lot more this year as compared to last year.\"IIT-Kgp placed 188 students on day one and many of them are today shareholders.Former placement chairman Ravi Sinha who described the stock options as \"golden handcuffs\" said there was one major trend that had pushed more employers to offer stock options. \"IITs have been able to attract globally leading companies and those in the highly competitive sector offer stocks to attract talent,\" he said. However, Avijit Chatterjee, the professor in-charge for placements at IIT-B, said, \"We usually give students the base figure or the assured amount. We do not get into the variables and mention only the taxable amount.\"The deputy registrar of placements at IIT-Madras said, too, echoed his views. \"We offer students only the taxable amount. Some companies , however, have offered retention bonuses to students.\"Samsung US/Korea has made the highest offer at IIT-Madras of $1,50,000 to four students.\"They offered six posts; only four students have gone for it,\" added the registrar. At the end of the first two days of placements on the Powai campus, which started on Saturday, around 260 offers had already been made. A total of 64 firms have already visited the campus in the last two days. Companies that visited the Powai campus on Monday include: Intel , Morgan Stanley, Microsoft, Gulf Talent, Analog Device, PayPal , Broadcom , Morgan Stanley (IT), Alshaya, Cisco Systems, Lucy, Eaton Technologies, Intel, JP Morgan Chase, Ariste Networks, Flipkart, Edelweiss , Britannia , Ibibo, Ernst and Young.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17471409", "title": "26/11: Hafiz Mohammad Saeed targets Hina Rabbani Khar for promising to take action", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Lashkar-e-Taiba founder Hafiz Mohammad Saeed has criticized foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar for promising to take action against him if India provides evidence, saying the Pakistan government had been unable to resolve outstanding issues like the Kashmir issue.Saeed, named by India as the mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai attacks, claimed that evidence against him provided by India had been \"dismissed\" by Pakistani courts.In the four years since the attacks in Mumbai, India \"has been unable to provide any evidence against me in connection with the case.The documents provided by India as evidence could not stand in court and were dismissed by Lahore HC as propaganda. A similar case was also made by the SC,\" Saeed told the Urdu newspaper Ummat. who now heads the Jamaat-ud-Dawah, was placed under house arrest for less than six months after the UN Security Council declared the JuD a front for the LeT in the aftermath of the Mumbai attacks in November 2008.He was freed on the orders of the Lahore HC.The LeT founder was subsequently detained for incidents that occurred in Pakistan but let off again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17476037", "title": "DiCaprio injured on movie set", "text": "Actor Leonardo DiCaprio's hand got injured while he was shooting a scene for his upcoming movie \"Django Unchained\".The 38-year-old was supposed to hit his hand a number of times on a table. But, while doing so, he accidentally smashed his hand on a crystal glass.\"Leo had slammed his hand on the table countless times and he moved his hand further and he crushed a crystal cordial glass. Blood was dripping down his hand,\" Variety.com quoted Stacey Sher, the film's producer, as saying.However, the actor did not stop shooting.\"He never broke character. He kept going. He was in such a zone. It was very intense. He required stitches,\" she added.Directed by Quentin Tarantino, \" Django Unchained \" is expected to release Dec 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471022", "title": "BJP's 'hahakar rally' from December 15", "text": "LUCKNOW: Over 24 hours after being unanimously elected as state BJP chief, Laxmikant Bajpayi set the tone and tenor of party's functioning in the state in future when he declared a 'Hahakaar rally' on the issue of deteriorating law and order situation. The rally, Bajpayi said, will be held in Meerut on December 15 and will be followed by similar rallies on the issue in other districts of the state.Though people of the state in general are panic-stricken because of poor law and order situation, Meerut, the district from where Bajpayi is an MLA, has been taken up for the rally first, he told mediapersons at the first press conference after becoming the state BJP chief.Those responsible for law and order situation in the district will have to give a satisfactory reply to the demonstrating BJP workers or else they would be held hostage, RSS-backed Bajpayi warned. Whether it is the confidence of being elected for full term as state BJP chief or some other factor, Bajpayi didn't desist from exhorting party workers to be aggressive on the issues of public welfare to prove that BJP was a worthy options available in the state.Once again demanding Rs 400 per quintal support price for sugarcane farmers, Bajpayi gave an ultimatum of two days to the state government for announcing the same and added that the government should announce the price during the ongoing winter session. Else, he said, the BJP would launch a demonstration and gherao sugarcane mills throughout the state. If the sugar mill owners would be pressurised only then they would put a pressure on the government to announce the support prices for the farmers.The BJP also supported the Uma Bharti-led Ganga Samagra Abhiyan unlike the poor response it drew during the 13-day UP leg of Ganga Samagra yatra, Bajpayi demanded stopping of sewage flow and polluted water from tanneries. He urged the state government to ensure clean Ganga at the time of Kumbh in Allahabad.On the issue of foreign direct investment , Bajpayi appealed to the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party to remain honest on the issue. He said both parties would be on the side of UPA II on the issue would stage a walkout thus abstain from voting on the issue.He claimed the BJP was gaining its lost ground in the state and the same could be corroborated from the fact that at least 100 leaders from various parties who have mass following will be joining the party soon. On Monday, former BSP MLA from Pratapgarh, who switched his loyality to be part of Janata Dal (united) during assembly election and fighting the election on JD (U) symbol, joined BJP. The joining membership receipt was signed by Bajpayi and handed over to him before mediapersons.Later, talking to TOI, Saurabh said he never joined JD (U) but the party declared him as its candidate. \"I fought 2012 assembly election on JD (U) ticket,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475759", "title": "Will-Kate\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s baby to take throne regardless of gender", "text": "The royal baby due next year to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will ultimately accede to the throne regardless of its sex after changes in the rules of Royal succession, according to ministers .In a break with more than 300 years of English constitutional tradition, laws that would have passed the Crown to the oldest male heir will not apply, the Telegraph reported.Under the previous rules of primogeniture, any male child would have taken precedence in the order of succession over his sisters.That would have meant that were next year's child to be female, her place in the line of succession could have been taken by any younger brothers.The laws required to change the succession rules have not yet been passed, but ministers insist that a political agreement David Cameron made with other Commonwealth leaders last year is enough.At a Commonwealth summit in Perth, Australia, the Prime Minister last year agreed in principle that succession rules will be changed across the Queen's Realms, the 16 nations where the Queen is head of state.In Perth, a Realms \"working group\" was established under the leadership of New Zealand to make sure the necessary legislation is acceptable to all countries and that the process is co-ordinated.However, none of the other Realms have yet formally changed their laws.Nonetheless, British ministers have insisted that the agreement made in Perth is enough to ensure that the expected child will not be affected by primogeniture rules.Nick Clegg , the Deputy Prime Minister, last month told MPs that there has been a \"de facto\" change in the succession rules.\"The change to the rule of male primogeniture came into effect from the point of the Perth conference last year, so even if we had not secured all the necessary legislative changes in all the realms, we would none the less be able to proceed on the basis that the outdated rule of male primogeniture no longer prevails,\" he said.\"A de facto change has already been introduced pending the legal changes that now need to be made,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475851", "title": "BEd results draw flak", "text": "INDORE: The recently declared Bachelor of Education (BEd) results have started drawing flak due to its unimaginable passing percentage compared to the past few years.Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) has registered 96% rise in pass out in the examination conducted in July this year. Nearly 3,500 candidates had appeared for the examination of which 3,360 candidates passed it. The pass out percentage last year was only 40% while in 2010 it was meagerly 30%.The sudden hike in passing percentage has raised several eyebrows. According to sources, the examination in past years was conducted at the government colleges while this year the university authorities gave the responsibility for conducting the examinations to BEd colleges. Sources say that something was fishy in the process of conducting the examination.A highly placed sources said, \"BEd colleges are notorious with no good record with the university. They influence the university functioning. Permitting BEd colleges to conduct BEd examination are an indication that all was not hunky-dory.\"However, the varsity authorities maintain that the process was transparent. \"The university had adopted fair process to conduct the examination and there are little chances of any wrong-doings in the results.\" When asked about the 'appreciable' results and role of BEd colleges in it, he said that the allegations were baseless.National Council for Teachers Education (NCTE), had recently initiated action against 270 B Ed colleges across the state for lacking facilities and infrastructure. The council has shot a letter to the directors of the BEd colleges including 33 affiliated to Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV), stating that the department initiated action against them on the basis of three letters received from higher education department last year in October and November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471509", "title": "Reconstruction, alterations illegal, BMC to probe", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic officials are almost certain that illegal renovations on the ground floor of Victoria House led to the collapse of two floors on Monday, killing two people. \"We found out that the renovations were being carried out without any permission,\" said Keshav Ubale, assistant municipal commissioner, G-south ward.Sources said the building structure was compromised for repair and restoration, which led to the cave-in. Pillars and walls had been demolished to make space, making the building structurally weak.Some civic officials conceded that they had received a complaint by a local informing about the illegal alterations and structural changes being made to the building as early as 2008 but had failed to act on it.Mayor Sunil Prabhu promised an investigation and strict punishment for the guilty. Minister of state of housing Sachin Ahir, who visited the spot, too assured action. \"It appears that no permission was taken for the internal works in the building. The owner and lesee should be held responsible and criminal proceedings will be initiated against them. I have asked BMC officials to take action under MRTP on the culprits.\"However, JSW Steel, which lost two employees, has denied the renovation works were carried out by them. \"This event appeared to have happened due to certain modifications being done in the ground floor which does not belong to the JSW Group ,\" said the steel-maker in a statement.Mumbai:Civic officials have hinted that the renovation being carried out on the ground floor of the Victoria house building could be the reason for it's collapsed on Monday killing two people.According to the sources, the building structure was compromised blatantly in order to carry out internal repairs and restoration work, which led to its cave in. Pillars and walls in the building were demolished to accommodate more space. Playing around with the structural design turned the three-storey building into a death-trap.Keshav Ubale, assistant municipal commissioner, G-south ward said that the BMC has tried to find out from the building proposal department as well as the building factory department whether permissions were given to the building for carrying out renovation. \"But we found out that the renovation was being carried out without any permission,\" said Ubale.Civic officials said that thee was a complaint made to the them by a local informing them about the illegal alterations and structural changes that were made in the building, however like most cases the BMC didn't respond to the complaint.Mayor Sunil Prabhu said that the BMC will investigate and if found guilty the owner of the building will be prosecuted. According to senior civic officials there some changes in the loading bearing structure has been made due to which the building became structurally weak.Minister of state of housing Sachin Ahir, who visited the spot, has assured strict action in this collapse incident. \"It appears that apparently no permission was taken for these internal works in the building. The owner and lesee should be held responsible and criminal proceedings will be initiated against them. I have asked BMC officials to take action under MRTP on the culprits.\"However, the JSW Steel Limited, which lost its two employees in the collapse, has denied the renovation works were carried out by them. \"This event appeared to have happened due to certain modifications being done in the ground floor which does not belong to JSW Group,\" the steel maker company in a statement.The constructed property was acquired by JSW Steel Limited in the year 2005. The company said its immediate priority is to provide all assistance and the best medical help to the affected employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17472148", "title": "Women drivers outnumbering males", "text": "London: Women motorists in the US have outstripped men for the first time, and the UK is also witnessing a similar trend behind the wheel, latest figures show. The Royal Automobile Club Foundation for Motoring (RAC) in UK has found a dramatic narrowing of the gender gap on roads since the mid-1990 s.The analysis found that number of women drivers in the US has just outstripped men for the first time and on the latest projections it is only a matter of time before Britain follows suit, 'The Telegraph' reported. Researchers said not only are more women driving, but they are driving further, with their mileage rising by more than a fifth between 1995 and 2010.\"Women are in the overtaking lane when it comes to licence holding ,\" said Stephen Glaister, director of the RAC Foundation.\"Greater social and financial independence has increasingly put them in the driving seat. They are increasingly leading independent lives with more and more of them going to work, getting married later, if at all, and delaying having children. Women are on the move like never before and it is the car that is getting them about,\" Glaister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17474672", "title": "It's the Advent of X'mas season", "text": "MYSORE: If it's December, the first thing that comes to one's mind is the Christmas season. Even though the festivities are popularly known to be held on December 25, the churches prepare for the celebration four weeks prior to the festival.The fourth last Sunday before the Yule marks Advent, the beginning of the season. Special prayers are offered across all churches as part of spiritual preparations on Sunday (December 2). 'Advent' means 'coming' or 'arrival'.\"The focus of the entire season is the celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ in his First Advent, and the anticipation of the return of Christ the king in his Second Advent,\" explains Fr K A William, parish priest, St Philomena's Church .The church has declared this year as 'Year of Faith', which is an opportunity for the Catholics to turn back to Jesus and enter into a deeper relationship with him. The diocese is stressing more on the theme.The Advent calls upon two things -- spiritual and preparation -- for repentance. \"Spiritual preparations are done by readings different scripture passages. Individuals prepare by spending more time in prayers,\" said Fr William.The season provides an opportunity for family devotion and prayer together, and helps teach faith to children by making them read daily scriptures. Churches will organize prayers for peace to mankind. \"Even thousands of non-Christians flock to St Philomena's Church to offer prayers on Christmas,\" William stated.Advent is also time for charity through money, food, and the like given to the poor. Churches in Mysore collect them and distribute among the poor, just like how the Three Magi presented their gifts to Baby Jesus after he was born.Christmas crib, decoration, sweetsFamilies decorate the houses for the beginning of Advent, or bake special cookies or treats. Christmas carols can be heard at most of the Christian homes.\"Christmas is a season of joy and we sing carols to celebrate joy and happiness as we await the coming of the Lord,\" said Maureen Taylor, a private firm employee. Children are busy with Christmas tree and crib decorations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470469", "title": "New permits taken over by financiers", "text": "NEW DELHI: In November last year, the Supreme Court lifted the cap on the number of autorickshaw permits in Delhi, allowing the state transport department to add 45,000 more three-seater auto rickshaws (TSR) to the existing 55,000-strong fleet.The idea was to encourage an environment friendly alternative to private motor vehicles in the city, and loosen the hold of the illegal financing cottage industry in the autorickshaw market. Less than three months after the order, the Delhi government seems to have completely lost the plot as it struggles to keep the finance mafia away from the permit issuing process.Till date, over 5,000 permits have been issued. Criticized for limiting the number of permits to a paltry 10,000, the transport department has now decided to increase the number to 35,000.Allegations of collusion between government officials, autorickshaw dealers and the financiers abound, however.Applicants waiting to buy a TSR claim they are being forced to resort to the finance companies as autorickshaw dealers refuse to process their applications.An autorickshaw, which costs only around Rs 1.5 lakh, is today being sold at Rs 2.5 lakh and above, allege applicants. That dealers are sitting on applications is amply clear, forcing the transport minister to threaten them with permit cancellation if they don't submit daily booking details to the department.Yet, the nexus continues to thrive. Rajan Malik (name changed), a new permit holder, bought his brand new TSR last week for Rs 2.35 lakh.\"I was told that autorickshaw applications were no longer being taken, but if I go to a local finance company, they can get the application processed. When I went there, I was told the autorickshaw price was Rs 1.80 lakh,\" says Malik, who already runs a TSR.A month after booking the autorickshaw, Malik says, he was told he would have to give another Rs 50,000 if he wanted the vehicle. \"I had no option but to agree. I got my autorickshaw a day later,\" says Malik, who made a down payment of Rs 75,000 for the vehicle.\"The rest of the money I will pay back over three years at an interest rate of 16%,\" he says.Malik is not the only one who has gone through the dealer-finance company route. Kishan Verma, an autorickshaw driver and union leader, says that despite the new \"stringent\" rules set up by the transport department, a majority of the new permits issued are again being controlled by the finance companies.\"Genuine drivers are being turned away by the dealer while those who have come through the finance companies are getting the vehicles,\" maintains Verma.The price is high, though. To get a TSR, the driver needs to furnish identity proof, bank documents and a valid license and public service vehicle (PSB) badge. \"Collecting the documents takes time, since identity proofs like water bills are hard to come by for people like us who live in slums,\" says Malik, adding, \"The agent told me that I would need to hand over a cheque from my bank account and sign a blank affidavit, which I did.\"The system is simple: the cheque from the applicant's account along with the necessary paperwork is submitted though the money is paid for by the finance company. \"The genuine buyer only makes the down payment. The finance company pays the full amount and gets the vehicle. The buyer will then pay back the company in installments at a high rate,\" says Verma.The affidavit signed by the buyer is to ensure that the vehicle can be reclaimed if the buyer is unable to pay back the monthly installments.What works in the finance company's favour, says Verma, is the collusion with government officials, as well as the transport department's inability to rein in the corruption.\"There are several loopholes that the finance company-dealer nexus takes advantage of \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the large amount of paperwork that a buyer needs to furnish as well as the corruption at the most basic level. Since most buyers are illiterate and living in slums, getting bank loans is difficult, a fact exploited by these local finance companies,\" adds Verma.High interest rates charged by the finance companies \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which go up from 16% to an extra 5-7% for every month's delay in installments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d along with a hiked rate for the vehicle is a sure-fire recipe for over-charging. It's a situation that Delhi is already facing as high rents on TSRs and monthly maintenance bills ensure that autorickshaw drivers over-charge commuters.If the transport department continues to ignore the presence of the finance companies in the new permit issuing process, over-charging is a cross that commuters will have to bear in the future as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17475068", "title": "Tank collapse, Katni land row to figure in winter session of Assly", "text": "BHOPAL: The winter session of the Madhya Pradesh Assembly will commence from Tuesday and is scheduled to continue till Dec 14. There will be nine sittings through the eleven-day session in which important government business will be completed even as the opposition Congress is expected to bring-up issues related to farmers' and acquisition of land, the collapse of the overhead water tank in Sai Baba Nagar here which killed seven persons and a series of law and order matters.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan called a meeting with cabinet ministers to discuss the issues that might be raised by the opposition. The cabinet will meet an hour before the assembly begins for a briefing as the present government walks into the House for the last winter session before the next general elections to the state assembly.The Congress legislative party headed by leader of opposition Ajay Singh also gathered for a meeting to discuss the last minute preparations on Monday evening. Bollywood veteran and BJP MP Hema Malini's recent criticism about the condition of roads in the state will also be brought-up by the Congress in the assembly session, sources in the party office said. Congress will also rap the government on the issue of corruption.However, the two biggest issues set to rock the House this session is the overhead water tank collapse mishap in Bhopal and the suicide by a 50-year-old woman, Sunia Bai, in Dongaria village in Katni district. Sunia Bai committed suicide on November 13 allegedly because the district administration had forcibly acquired land from her husband. The state is acquiring land of farmers in Dongaria and Bujbuja villages in Katni district for the proposed 2000 MW thermal power plant to be set-up by Welspun Energy Private Limited.In the wee hours of November 19, seven persons were killed and nearly 40 injured when an overhead water tank collapsed in Saibaba Nagar slum area in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17473747", "title": "11,072 candidates clear Secondary School Level Certificate's equivalency exam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As many as 11,072 students have passed the SSLC equivalency examination this year, the results of which were announced here on Monday. A total of 14,470 students had appeared for the exam.The pass percentage has gone up to 76.52 this year from 60.83 last year. Of these students, 20 have secured A or A-plus grades while none got A-plus in all subjects.\"This is the first year after the grading system was introduced for the exam. As many as 1,26,545 students have passed the course till date since the equivalency course was launched in 2006,\" education minister P K Abdu Rabb told TOI.The SSLC equivalency exam is being conducted by the Kerala State Literacy Mission and general education department. Of 2,169 students who appeared for the examination in the old scheme, 1,353 students passed (64.31%). The maximum number of students appeared for this year's examination from Malappuram (2,313). Of these, 1,654 students passed the exam.Alappuzha secured the highest pass percentage (88.79), with 618 of 696 students clearing the examination. Thrissur had the lowest pass percentage (55.72), with only 711 of 1,276 students clearing it. The detailed results are available on the website, www.keralapareekshabhavan.in.Those who want to apply for revaluation and scrutiny should do so on the form concerned with a fee of Rs 200/paper at the respective exam centres before 4pm on December 12. The headmasters concerned should send the details of applicants along with a demand draft of the fee drawn in favour of secretary, Pareekshabhavan, to Johns V John, secretary, Pareekshabhavan, Poojappura, Thiruvananthapuram-695012 by speed post on December 13.Those who failed to secure at least D-plus grade in all subjects can appear for 'save a year' exam, to be held in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472357", "title": "'ICT can cut greenhouse gas emissions by 16%'", "text": "PUNE: Increased use of information and communication technology (ICT) such as video-conferencing and smart building management could cut global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 16.5% by 2020, a study by Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI) has said.The study, SMARTer2020, which management consulting firm The Boston Consulting Group (BCG) did for GeSI, stated that strategically applied ICT solutions can result in savings of $1.9 trillion in gross energy and fuel conservation.Concerted action by policy-makers to encourage the use of ICT can save 9.1 Gigatonnes carbon dioxide equivalent (GtCO2e) of harmful greenhouse gases from being emitted, the study shows.The report includes detailed national studies of the GHG abatement potential of ICT in seven countries, identifying for each country the best strategies for policy-makers to pursue. For India, emissions growth has been exacerbated by poor transport and energy infrastructure, and heavy reliance on fossil fuels. The study targets the potential for GHG abatement in India from adopting ICT-enabled solutions in its power and transport sectors. The other countries studied were Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States .The research study identifies GHG abatement potential from ICT-enabled solutions ranging across six sectors of the economy including power, transportation, manufacturing, consumer and service, agriculture, and buildings. India should leverage ICT to make its power and transport sectors more energy efficient, the report has highlighted.Emission reductions come from virtualization initiatives such as cloud computing and video conferencing, but also through efficiency gains such as optimization of variable-speed motors in manufacturing, smart livestock management to reduce methane emissions, and 32 other ICT-enabled solutions identified in the study.Luis Neves, GeSI Chairman, said, \"The ICT revolution is powering even more innovations than we had imagined, leading to greater potential to cut GHG emissions, and a smaller ICT footprint. Information technology can drive the transition to a low carbon economy, with greater efficiency, and the preservation of our environment.\"Some ICT-driven solutions such as smart electricity grids reap benefits at the national level, whilst others like intelligent building management systems can result in energy - and cost - savings for individual households and businesses, the study has pointed out.The study concludes that the potential for information technology to reduce global carbon emissions has been under-estimated until now, and that the abatement potential of ICT is seven times the size of the ICT sector's own carbon footprint.Philipp Jung, a San Francisco-based partner at BCG, added,\"This study shows that information and communications technology can achieve even greater savings than we previously thought - as much as $1.9 trillion annually by 2020. The research also shows that country-specific approaches, coordinated within a global framework, are essential to realizing this potential given the diverse country-specific circumstances.\"Christiana Figueres, Executive Secretary of United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) said, \"It is critical that the world captures every last bit of energy efficiency, if we are to reduce greenhouse gas emissions enough to keep below dangerous rises in temperature. Now we need more and effective government policies that reward such action and penalize delayed responses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472551", "title": "Leopard caught napping in staircase of Andheri building", "text": "MUMBAI: If ever there was a cat on a hot tin roof, it must have been the leopard that sneaked into a housing society in Andheri (E) in the early hours on Monday. Around 4am, the watchman of one of the buildings in ONGC Colony, Poonam Nagar, spotted it on a ramp next to a staircase. A crowd gathered, police and forest officials were called, and the ensuing racket lasted hours. Yet the leopard did not budge-so nervous was it. Ultimately, the area around the animal was cordoned off and it was tranquilized and wheeled away.When the watchman first saw the leopard, he could not believe his eyes, said a resident. \"The next moment he panicked. But regaining his cool, he called the police and the forest department. This was around 5 am.\"Leopard trapped after tiring two-hour effortAteam of five forest officials reached the spot around 6 am, said Sunil Limaye, chief conservator of forests, Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP). \"A few other officials from the Thane headquarters came by 7am.\"A two-hour effort to trap the animal followed. \"A large crowd had gathered outside the building compound's gates. Residents of the building , too, had come out. Suddenly , everyone was trying to catch a glimpse of the leopard ,\" said Taronish Bulsara, founder, World For All Animals , and a local.Forest officials said it took them about an hour to secure the area around the leopard and ensure no one breached the building's gates. \"People streamed in from everywhere . Some wanted to get close to the animal. We had to make sure that the leopard didn't get provoked by the proximity of the people. But it was just too scared to move,\" said an official. \"It was stunned by the presence of so many people,\" said Bulsara.After their arrival, forest officials instructed the building's residents not to come out till the animal was trapped. Then they made a cordon around the leopard with plywood . Finally, they aimed two tranquillizer shots at it. \"Because of the crowd, it was disturbed and took long to calm down,\" said an official. Once unconscious, the leopard was put in a sack and carted away in a van. \"It will be released into the jungle . It is female and three or four years old,\" said Limaye. \"It might have strayed into the area through Aarey Milk Colony.\" Bulsara said it probably climbed a tree and then jumped into the compound. The last instance of a leopard being spotted in the city was a couple of months ago, when one entered the Whistling Woods film school in Aarey Milk Colony. But not always are leopard visits without incident . In the last five months, there have been three cases of leopard attacks. Forest officials say leopards visit human habitation in search of easy prey like cattle, chicken, dogs and buffalo (mainly carcass). \"It is common for buffalo carcass to be found in Aarey Milk Colony. Also, a lot of stray dogs are to be found because of open garbage dumps,\" said Limaye.Environmental activists say increasing expanse of human habitation and forest encroachments are leaving leopards and other wild animals with less area to hunt. \"In fact, human settlements are to be found right inside the forest. Many more are on the periphery. If forest areas are not protected and boundaries not created , instances of wild animals visiting human areas will only increase,\" said a volunteer who assists SGNP officials in conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17474066", "title": "SBI opens branch at Nalbari", "text": "GUWAHATI: The State Bank of India (SBI) on Monday opened its 589th branch at Chamata in Nalbari district.The new branch was formally inaugurated by LC Gogoi, deputy commissioner of Nalbari district, in the presence of Rajnish Kumar, chief general manager (CGM) of SBI, North Eastern Circle, Subash Joinwal, regional manager of SBI's Zonal Office, Guwahati, and other senior functionaries of the bank.The new branch is spacious, air-conditioned and boasts of a lustrous ambience equipped with latest modern banking technology. The CGM also inaugurated an on-site new ATM on the branch campus.While addressing a gathering, Kumar assured the public that they will get the best customer service at the branch.He told the locals to make use of the banking facilities available at the Chamata branch of the SBI.Kumar added that the SBI will open more branches in NE soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472376", "title": "Fancy numbers: RTO earns Rs 7.74 crore", "text": "PUNE: The craze for attractive numbers for vehicles is turning out to be quite the money spinner for the regional transport office, which has made a whopping Rs 7.74 crore this fiscal so far from the fees it collected for allotting these special numbers. And it's not just luxury car owners queuing up at the RTO but the trend is rubbing off on other car owners as well, officials say.The RTO received as many as 11,582 applications in the April to November period, as against a total of 13,917 applications it received in the last financial year.With four months to go, officials said they were confident of recording more applications for attractive numbers this fiscal.The RTO, which allots attractive numbers for almost all types of vehicles including two and three-wheelers, has registered a continuous rise in demand for such numbers over the last five years. It had allotted around 4,250 attractive numbers in 2007-08, which shot to 13,917 in the last financial year (2011-12). Going by the profile of applicants, an RTO official said that the attractive number fad was no longer confined to the high income group and VIPs and that there were other vehicle owners too who had started going for these numbers.In the last eight months, four vehicle owners paid a special fee of Rs 3 lakh each for an attractive number and as many as 29 owners paid Rs 1.5 lakh each to have that out-of-ordinary license plate. Two car-lovers paid Rs one lakh each for an attractive number until November this financial year.The RTO has different charges for attractive numbers such as 1, 9999, 555, 222, 333, 786 etc and invites applications at the launch of a new series of registration numbers. Around 300 numbers are being made available for vehicle owners at a special cost. The RTO has set a separate fee structure for four-wheelers and two-wheelers. There is also a provision for four-wheeler buyers to opt for an attractive number in the two-wheeler series, however, such numbers are allotted at higher charges.Among those who like their license plates to have an extraordinary number is Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) corporator Sunny Nimhan. \"All vehicles owned by my family members have a special number. My family has been opting for special numbers by paying the fee to the RTO since the past many years. It has now become a family tradition,\" he says.Nimhan further pointed that there was a craze among young people for attractive numbers and owners are willing to pay more money to obtain a specific number for their vehicles. Nimhan said that the RTO could earn more revenue if it allots attractive numbers by conducting an auction, instead of a lottery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17475815", "title": "Under-pressure India look to bounce back against England", "text": "KOLKATA: With the four-Test series levelled at 1-1 after India's ploy to prepare a turning track backfired in Mumbai, the hosts will seek to bounce back as they go into the third Test against England on Wednesday with intense pressure on their under-performing star players to deliver before its too late.After India's humiliating loss in the second Test, the build-up to the Eden match was marked by a pitch row that began with a desperate Dhoni insisting for a rank-turner, which led to the local curator Prabir Mukherjee calling the Indian skipper \"immoral and unethical\".To resolve the matter, the BCCI sent East Zone curator Ashish Bhowmick to \"assist\" Mukherjee. The pitch for the match has drawn a lot more attention because of the controversy and it remains to be seen whether the hosts can put everything behind them and focus on the game.India have never lost a series to England since 1984-85 when David Gower's team had returned home with a 2-1 win but over the last one year Dhoni and Co. have lost much ground beneath their feet as they have slipped to number 5 in the world rankings from being number one at one stage.While India's pride will be up for stake, England would look to prove that they are not inept against spin and can win a series on Indian soil as well.Aided by skipper Alastair Cook's super show with two centuries from two Tests, and the most-destructive Kevin Pietersen showing in the last Test what he is capable of, England had buried India at their own den at the Wankhede, sealing a 10-wicket.On a pitch that turned from ball one, England showed great resilience to bounce back after their first Test defeat in Ahmedabad, while Indians struggled in all the departments of the game.The three-pronged spin attack did not yield desired results and in batting department, barring Cheteshwar Pujara, all big names failed miserably.The opening pair of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir's inconsistency combined with Sachin Tendulkar's prolonged slump form -- 153 runs from last 10 innings -- has not done India any good.However, Tendulkar has managed to remain unmoved by the critics and instead chose to slog at the nets for hours. A century here will certainly change things for him as well as for the team.Even Virat Kohli has been unusually quiet in this series so far. Despite having a great year, he hasn't scored a big knock in the last four innings.India would hope that the promising right-hander comes out of his recent slump sooner than later. Kohli can take heart from 107-odd runs he had scored against Sri Lanka in a 2009 one-dayer.India's bowling had also came a cropper in last the two Tests.The spin department led by veteran Harbhajan Singh completely flopped. Harbhajan himself looked a shade of his past, while the duo of Ravichandran Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha seemed pedestrian as compared to England's Monty Panesar and Graeme Swann, both of whom shared 19 of 20 wickets on offer.Pacer Zaheer Khan seemed to have lacked match fitness as he not only failed to pick a wicket, but also could not use the reverse swing.Harbhajan, who is eyeing 100th Test cap, has been the most destructive Indian bowler at Eden Gardens with 46 wickets (including six five-wicket hauls) from seven Tests at 21.76.But he is down with flu and it looks unlikely that he will be in the playing eleven tomorrow since the team management may opt for two seamers and two spinners.It will be a tricky situation for Dhoni to chose the bowling combination, especially after drawing severe criticism for his selection of three spinners and a pacer at Wankhede.Englishmen's frailty for the away going deliveries means that Ojha, in all likelihood, would make the cut, while Ashwin is likely to retain his place.Local lad Ashok Dinda may be hoping to earn his maiden Test berth but with the experienced Zaheer around, and Ishant Sharma in the ranks, he may be warming the bench.By all means India would be desperately making vast improvements in order to bounce back into the series, something they have done with aplomb in the past.The historic Eden Gardens too will inspire the Indians, who have scored more than 600 in their last three Tests, winning two and drawing one with their last loss here coming more than a decade back -- against Pakistan in the Asian Test Championship 1998-99.As per the wicket, it has always known to have assisted some seam movement early on before getting slow and low from day two. This time too it seems to be no different.The wicket on offer would be the one that a fortnight ago hosted a Bengal-Gujarat Ranji match and Gujarat forced out a draw with their No 8 and 9 batting out the last day with a century-plus partnership.England may include pacer Steve Finn, who is raring to go after overcoming a thigh injury, which forced him out of the first two Tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471205", "title": "Aldona 'hospital management committee' formed", "text": "PANAJI: The government of Goa has constituted the \" hospital management committee\" for the primary health centre at Aldona for the proper functioning and management of the centre.The committee includes John Mascarenhas, Prasad Narse, Eusebio D'sa, Sukhanand Naik, Sagar Malvankar and others. The committee shall review the OPD and IPD service performance of the hospital in the last quarter and service delivery targets for the next quarter. The committee shall review the outreach work performed during the last quarter and outreach work schedule for the next quarter. The committee shall meet at least once every quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475526", "title": "Bhamaa is longing for a break", "text": "Mollywood actress Bhamaa is getting busier by the day in Sandalwood. She has two releases lined up for next year and is currently shooting for Barfi.Says the actress, \"It has been too hectic, shooting for movies back-to-back. I am planning a break by the end of December.\"It was while shooting for her Kannada flim Ambara in the Ganges that the actress injured her arm. However, despite the injury, she had to continue the shoot. \"I didn't have any time to waste as the second schedule of Barfi is scheduled to start in the first week of December,\" says the actress.Bhamaa says she will be signing her next Mollywood project only in February. \"I have set aside January to be with my family, away from all my work commitments,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17473075", "title": "Postcards from Tranquebar: Wife\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s tribute to lensman", "text": "CHENNAI: He clambered up a water tower to get an aerial view of the 17th century Fort Dansborg in the former Danish colony of Tranquebar. He shot the designs on doors and windows of old houses. He smiled at people, and in return got close-ups of their faces. Rod Hudson is no more, but his photographs tell the story of Tranquebar or Tharangambadi, which means the land of singing waves.Hudson, a British citizen first visited Tranquebar in 2007 and was captivated by its rich history. The town is the birthplace of his wife Gita, a painter and documentary filmmaker. Hudson was a photographer who shot rural India.\"It was in 2007 that he first visited the place I was born. He fell in love with the erstwhile Danish colony the moment he got there. He went back to take photographs many times until he died this September,\" said Gita, who lives in Chennai.An exhibition of photographs of Tranquebar taken by Rod is on at the Ambur House Art Gallery at Dakshinachitra on ECR. Organised by Gita with the help of Intach, Puducherry, the pictures bring alive the ruins of a lost city.\"It was not only Fort Dansborg he was fond of. He shot the Masillamani Nathar temple, Governor's Bungalow, Zion Church and New Jerusalem Church ,\" said Gita.Founded by the Danish East India Company in 1620, Tranquebar is in Nagapattinam district. Many old buildings here have got a face-lift. \"A couple of years ago, he took me to Tranquebar. He climbed a huge water tower to get an aerial view of Fort Dansborg. We reached the fort before noon, and started taking pictures. It was great fun watching him come up with stunning images of a ruined building,\" said Achuthan Kudallur, a noted abstract artist and Rod's friend.Kudallur says it was Tranquebar's history that attracted Hudson. \"Danish and Muslim traders, German missionaries, Moravian entrepreneurs and the East India Company had lived there. Rod was trying to explore these cultural legacies through the buildings and people,\" said Kudallur.Rod committed suicide this September. \"He was a fine person who lost his drive. Alcohol and failing health took a toll,\" said Gita, who believes Rod's pictures will never die. The exhibition is on till December 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470687", "title": "V S Dahiya visits MCG offices", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal commissioner on Monday visited various MCG offices in the city, including the ones located in Sector 31 and 39 to familiarize himself with the staff and the citizen services being offered there. The commissioner, V S Dahiya, has already stressed the need for an integrated MCG office so that the work efficiency grows. At present, the corporation functions out of multiple places and the residents are put to inconvenience due to this.\"His main focus was about the sanitation work being done in the city. He wanted to find out about the number of sanitation contractors engaged with the MCG and the staff strength and machinery they have engaged to clean the city. The commissioner was accompanied by the chief medical officer who explained to him the sanitation infrastructure,\" said a spokesperson.\"He also directed the officials to obtain new machinery if needed so that the process of door-to-door garbage collection and taking it to the treatment plant at Bandhwari is smooth. Moreover, he wanted the biometric system to be put in place at the earliest possible time so that the sanitation workers' attendance can be marked properly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472730", "title": "Body found hanging in Ripon Buildings toilet", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of an unidentified man was found hanging in a toilet inside Ripon Buildings, the headquarters of the Chennai Corporation, on Monday morning. The body was in a decomposed state, indicating that the victim is likely to have hanged himself about two days ago.Police reached the spot after receiving information from the Chennai corporation vigilance section, which was informed by staff in the parks section of the Chennai Corporation in the Annexure Building, whofound the body.The deceased was said to be in his 30s. The body was taken to the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital for a postmortem.A senior police officer said. \"We don't have any clue about the identity of the man, but ee recovered a piece of paper with a couple of mobile phone numbers from his shirt pocket.\"Police called the numbers and found that they were answered by people from the north-east. \"So we think he could be from the north-east,\" an officer said.Police have not ruled out murder. The man could have gained entry to the building over the weekend when it was closed.\"The exact cause of death will be known after the autopsy. Prima facie, it appeared to be a case of suicide,\" said assistant commissioner of police, Vepery, Krishnamoorthy.A corporation official said, \"A foul smell was coming from the toilet. We looked and found the body. So we called the police.\"Police have distributed photographs of the deceased to all police stations. They are looking at the man missing complaints filed in all police districts. Periamet police have registered a case under section 174 of CrPC (suicide).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471463", "title": "2 killed in Kamala Mills building crash", "text": "MUMBAI: Two floors of the three-storeyed Victoria House at Kamala Mills Compound in Lower Parel that houses offices of the Jindal Group caved in during the busy morning hours on Monday, crushing two persons to death and injuring six. All the casualties are Jindal employees.Civic officials suspect major portions of the floors collapsed due to unauthorized renovation on the ground floor that affected the structure of the century-old building. The walls and the outer shell of Victoria House are intact.Amruta Shukla (29) and Manoj Shukla (44), who were working on the first floor, were killed once the second floor fell on them. Six others were rescued, but the two were declared dead on arrival in hospital. Amrita was employed with the group's Pen office and had come to complete some paper work at the Pandurang Budhkar Marg office.The ground-plus-two-storey building constructed in 1897 was acquired by JSW Steel in 2005. They converted part of it into their offices and had been leasing out the other sections. Incidentally, the building housed a media office backed by the Zee group till they moved about two months ago.JSW Steel has said the renovation work on the ground floor was not being carried out by them. \"This event appeared to have happened due to certain modifications being done in the ground floor which does not belong to the JSW Group ,\" said the steel-maker in a statement.The group has offices on the first and second floors and a small reception area on the ground floor. A major part of the second floor came crashing down between 11am and 11.10am, trapping several people under the debris. Within a few seconds, the first floor caved in under the weight of the second floor.There were over 50 people in the building when the incident occurred, but most of them managed to run out as soon as the second floor caved in. Six persons-Hiral Dave (35), Aniruddha Patil (37), Prakash Nambi (34), Rajiv Jain (46), Santan Paniker (60) and Suraj Dhandaniya (41)-were injured and pulled out from under debris by the fire brigade. Three suffered fractures and one a head injury. Acting dean of KEM Hospital Dr Preeti Mehta said the patients are stable and they would soon be shifted to Jaslok Hospital.KEM Hospital sources said the two deceased-Amruta Shukla and Manoj Shukla (not related)-had suffered multiple injuries. Khargar resident Manoj, who worked in the company's sales tax department, was apparently busy discussing work when the floors collapsed. He is survived by his wife and two children.Internal repair/alteration works had been going on in the building for the last few days. Huge cracks were noticed in the portion that collapsed a few days ago and the employees who were occupying that place had relocated to other parts of the office, said some eyewitnesses.\"There were cracks in the building and we had marked some portion near the walls as dangerous. We had even instructed our employees not to enter that area. In the morning, some sound and dust started coming from the walls. As we were asking employees to move out, the entire floor fell down,\" said Pushkaraj Kole from JSW Steel.The rescue operations went on for over four hours as the fire brigade faced problems due to lack of space. \"We have cleared the debris of two floors. The corporate office had steel furniture and many metal frames. We had to use metal cutters to remove the debris,\" said a fire official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17472181", "title": "China plans to grow vegetables on Moon", "text": "Beijing: Chinese astronauts may grow fresh vegetables in extraterrestrial bases on Moon or Mars in the future to provide food and oxygen supplies to astronauts, an official said after a successful lab experiment.Deng Yibing, deputy director of the Beijing-based Chinese Astronaut Research and Training Center, said that the recent experiment focused on a dynamic balanced mechanism of oxygen , carbon dioxide, and water between people and plants in a closed system.According to Deng, a cabin of 300 cubic metres was established to provide sustainable supplies of air, water and food for two participants during the experiment , the official Xinhua news agency reported.Four kinds of vegetables were grown, taking in carbon dioxide and providing oxygen for the two people living in the cabin. They could also harvest fresh vegetables for meals, Deng said.The experiment, the first of its kind in China, is extremely important for the long-term development of the country's manned space programme, Deng added.The cabin, a controlled ecological life support system (CELSS) built in 2011, is a model of China's third generation of astronauts' life support systems, which is expected to be used in extraterrestrial bases on the Moon or Mars. The introduction of a CELSS seeks to provide sustainable supplies of air, water and food for astronauts with the help of plants and algae, instead of relying on stocks of such basics deposited on board at the outset of the mission. Advance forms of CELSS also involve the breeding of animals for meat and using microbes to recycle wastes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17475367", "title": "Generation Y join hands to conserve biodiversity", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: If you don't want to miss the chance to see Jesus' Smile and catch a glimpse of Krishna's Butter Cup as Mother of Millions looks on and Mickey Mouse cocks his head at Mad Tree and Autograph Plant then RCD Biodiversity Park in Visakhapatnam is the place you need to be.For Mickey Mouse, here is a red and black flowering plant that derives its name from Walt Disney's popular cartoon character and Jesus' Smile is a small bright yellow blossom. Krishna's Butter Cup can store honey and butter in its cup-like fold while Mad Tree has no two leaves that are alike.At a time when rapid industrialisation is taking its toll on the nature in city, this unique biodiversity park is a sanctuary for over 2,500 species of flora, including more than 300 rare and endangered ones, 78 species of butterflies and myriads of birds.Located at the entrance to the sprawling premises of Rani Chandramani Devi Government Hospital and Rehabilitation Centre for disabled children, this ex-situ biodiversity park is one of its kind in the entire state and is recognised by the AP Biodiversity Board.This unique five-acre park, developed and managed by college students tagged under Dolphin Nature Conservation Society (DNCS), is a feast for nature lovers and experts alike. This 'living laboratory' caters to students from LKG to PG, besides being a delight for botanists, zoologists and researchers from AP as well as other southern states.With most of the species being collected from the jungles of Eastern Ghats, the plants have a botanical name as well as popular names that define their traits, explains S Pavani, one of the active members of DNCS.The vibrant garden is divided into 10 sections which include medicinal and aromatic, ornamental, orchids, cacti and succulents, gymnosperms, ferns, aquatic plants, bamboo groves, palm grove and avenue trees, says A Rohini, another member of DNCS.\"It houses rare and exotic plants including 500 varieties of medicinal plants such as sarpagandha, aswagandha, all types of tulsi, citronella, Japanese menthos, jala brahma, elaichi, paarijatham and so on. Rare species include red sanders, sandalwood, butter cup, ginkgo, zamia, dioon, gloriosa and several varieties of rare orchids,\" chips in her batchmate U Joshna Rani.\"We have also constructed a greenhouse with misters and foggers for rare and endangered plants, orchids and other shade-loving plants in addition to a cacti and succulent house and a pond for aquatic organisms,\" points out Ch Girija Rani, another member.P Sharon, a student says, \"Our goal is to transform the entire RCD premises into a unique biodiversity park, which would promote not only a salubrious climate and offer fruits to patients but will also help in conserving nature while at the same time providing education, creating awareness and even a research opportunity to students and nature lovers.\"The park, which started off with around 100 species on a 1,000 square yard plot in 2003, boasts of 2,500 exotic plants and several rare, endangered ones. The park was set up by 11 students under the guidance of M Rama Murthy, professor of zoology, BVK College.These include G Prithvi Raj, who is now a research fellow at Dehradun, M Lakshman, M Chaitanya Raj, G S Kiran, M Bharat, Irfan, Srinivas, Mamta, Giridhar, M Mangathayi and Krishna Swetha. Currently, the park is maintained by six core group members from BVK College with support from the hospital staff and authorities and has a total membership touching 200.\"Not only new and exotic species from the Eastern Ghats are being added to the park, it has also attracted 78 types of butterflies such as crows, tigers, castors, eggfly, crimson rose, common albatross, including 11 protected species and at least 60 species of birds. Twenty-three new species of butterflies were spotted for the first time in Vizag city. An intensive study of butterflies was also carried out recently,\" adds professor Murthy, who also actively participates in campaigns on anti-plastic and conservation of the endangered Olive Ridley turtles, in addition to the biodiversity park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470160", "title": "No dense fog this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite high levels of humidity and favourably low temperatures, Delhi is not likely to witness dense fog till at least next week. This, say Met officials, is because the air is extremely clear of pollutants and moisture is lacking the nuclei for formation of fog.Delhi's minimum temperature on Monday went down three degrees below normal to settle at 6.8 degrees Celsius. \"When the minimum temperature falls four degrees or more below normal, a cold wave is declared. In the coming few days this will be a crucial factor to consider since cold northwesterly winds are blowing over northwest India and there are all chances of the minimum dipping by one or two degrees more,\" said a Met official.R K Jenamani, director in-charge at the IGI Met said there had been strong winds blowing over Delhi over the past 10-odd days which had cleared away pollution. Monday's maximum temperature over Delhi was 23.8 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "17470546", "title": "Chief minister blows poll bugle at Purulia rally", "text": "Purulia: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday formally launched her panchayat election campaign under the guise of her usual administrative interaction.All this while, such programmes by the chief minister were planned on the same lines - meeting with administrative officials and laying foundation stones. But this was the first time Mamata clearly asked people to \"vote to set up pro-development panchayats since the elections would be held in a few months.\" She also announced a series of sops for farmers and promised jobs.Mamata began her three-day visit to the Maoist-affected Jangalmahal by addressed a rally which she described as \"bigger than (Kolkata's) Brigade\" at Hutmora in Purulia. The Purulia zilla parishad is among the 17 controlled by CPM against the two run by Trinamool Congress .\"We will give you loans, build roads for you and provide jobs for your sons and daughters. Don't support the perpetrators of terror. I appeal to you to vote for us and strengthen the government,\" said Mamata.After giving a lowdown of the developmental activities taken up by her 18-month government as opposed to the \"inactive 34-year-old Left Front rule\", the CM told the rally, \"You must remove the Marxists from power and ensure our victory.\"She asked the people not to heed efforts to malign her government because she had achieved much during her tenure despite the severe funds crunch. \"The CPM left the state with a crore unemployed. We have already processed 40,000 jobs. Let them prove that I am lying. I challenge them to move a defamation case against me,\" said Mamata.adding, \"The CPM has pots of money and are only interested in maligning our government through their various television channels. Do not listen to them.\"She said her government had reserved 50% panchayat seats for women. The sops declared by her included vans for 30,000 farmers and money to buy tractors and other necessities. The amount (between Rs 10,000 and Rs 45,000) would be deposited directly in the Kisan Credit Card bank accounts, she said.The CM wooed voters by announcing two super-speciality hospitals and 12 model schools. She announced some power and industrial projects (including the industrial park at Raghunathpur), Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) and tourist hub for the backward district, on the lines of north Bengal and Darjeeling.\"You will not get any hotel booking in Darjeeling even in December-January. I shall convert Purulia into such a tourist hotspot that it will outrun Darjeeling\", the chief minister announced.Referring to the Maoist-sponsored terror in Purulia, the CM urged the people not to bring back the \"black days\".The CM then moved on to the UPA government at the Centre, accusing them of depriving the state of central assistance \"just because we questioned them on FDI , increase in fertilizer prices and hiking fuel costs.\" She said, \"The centre wants us to die of hunger. We may be poor but we are not beggars. We know how to claim what is rightfully ours\".Mamata said, \"The Centre has cancelled a proposal for setting up a homoeopathic medical college in Purulia district. We don't need any help from the Centre. Our government will set up the college in your district.\"Mamata left for Bankura, where she will hold a public rally on Tuesday before returning to Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471927", "title": "Plea to simplify science subjects", "text": "PATNA: Students are drifting away from fundamental science subjects and methods should be devised to simplify them, said former vice-chancellor, Nalanda Open University, Jitendra Singh.He was addressing the 28th annual conference of Mathematical Society - Banaras Hindu University (MS-BHU) on 'Recent trends in mathematical analysis and modelling' organized by the department of applied mathematics, Birla Institute of Technology, Patna (BITP), on Monday.\"Mathematics is one of the least preferred subjects these days,\" Singh said. He attributed the financial aspects as one reason students are shifting towards vocational courses. He, however, hoped that some positive suggestions would be made on how to popularize science subjects among students.The president of MS-BHU, A K Singh, said computational side of mathematics is gaining importance now.Professor of mathematics department, Patna University, B G Prasad said, \"To be a good mathematician, you need to have a thorough knowledge of the subject.\"BITP director SL Gupta also underlined the importance of simplifying mathematics. \"Theorems can't be changed, but it can be taught in such a way that students understand it better,\" he said.Gupta announced that MTech in wireless technology would start at BITP from the next academic session. It would be a first in Bihar, he said.Fourteen papers, including four from different BITs and rest from other institutions, and 12 best papers by students and research scholars (selected from applications submitted in advance) were presented at the conference on Monday.Delegates from IIT-Kharagpur, IIT-Roorkee, National Institute of Technology Patna, RSLY College, Bettiah, Ranchi University and BHU were among participants in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470600", "title": "FIR on vehicle testing contract soon, court told", "text": "NEW DELHI: The anti-corruption branch on Monday told a trial court that it will \"shortly register\" an FIR on a complaint which alleged that the contract for lane testing of commercial vehicles to grant them fitness certificates was given to M/s ESP India by the Delhi government without inviting any tender. The plaint was filed by RTI activist Vivek Garg against CM Sheila Dikshit , former transport minister Arvinder Singh Lovely , former transport commissioner R K Verma and M/s ESP India.\"Senior public prosecutor (for anti-corruption branch) has submitted that they are going to register the FIR shortly and will file an investigation report (before the court on the next date of hearing),\" special judge Sangita Dhingra Sehgal noted in her order.The agency remained silent on the complainant's query as to whether they would be filing the FIR \"on basis of\" his complaint filed against Dikshit and others or the ACB's status report in which they had given a clean chit to Dikshit and Lovely. On the last date of hearing, the ACB submitted a status report in the court in which it had said the contract for crucial fitness test of commercial vehicles was awarded to a private firm without any tender and with approval of the Delhi cabinet but \"no irregularities\" could be found on part of the CM. It had admitted rules were violated to give \"undue favour\" to ESP India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17474396", "title": "Spreading X'mas message through street plays", "text": "MANGALORE: It is that time of the year when Christians across the world prepare to welcome baby Jesus and usher in the Yuletide spirit to the streets of Dakshina Kannada district is White Doves, a non-governmental organization.The NGO has organized Christmas Truck Show, a three-day mobile street show to spread the message of peace and love.White Doves founder president Corrine Rasquinha told The Times of India that the street show titled '2012-year-old fact in a mobile act' will bring together over 125 artistes from varied backgrounds. \"Music, dance and drama will be part of the mobile show. The script for the 90-minute show is based on the Bible and it throws light on the life of Jesus. Artistes in the show are from various strata of society including doctors, engineers, auto drivers and others. While a 40-day-old baby will don the role Bala Yesu, a 65-year- old artiste will essay King Herod,\" Corrine said.The NGO is organizing such a show for the 18th time to herald the arrival Christmas.The NGO takes care of over 90 inmates picked up from the streets of Mangalore irrespective of their caste, religion or creed. Physical, medical and spiritual needs of the destitute are taken care of by the NGO. In addition, White Doves team distributes food packets to the needy at railway stations at night every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475310", "title": "Jiiva gets busy in Mumbai", "text": "It looks like actor Jiiva is getting busier than ever before. The actor is currently busy shooting for Yaan, in which he plays the lead opposite Thulasi Nair (who is making her debut with Mani Ratnam's Kadal). Cinematographer Ravi K Chandran is making his directorial debut with the film. The team has already completed five days of its shoot, which comprised action sequences and the lead pair was part of the shoot. Ravi K Chandran is excited with the way things are turning up for him. Jiiva's Neethane En Ponvasantham is also gearing up for release, in which he plays Samantha's love interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470812", "title": "Clarify on \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfavour\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 given to unknown foreign company, Cong tells Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress has demanded that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi clarify reports that the state government gave a little-known foreign company with a paid-up capital of $64 stake worth Rs 20,000 crore in a gas exploration project.Suggestions that the state may have favoured a foreign company for extraneous reasons came even as the Gujarat CM has mounted an aggressive, often vitriolic, election campaign against the Congress, targeting it for corruption. Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari referred to a media report which claimed the Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation entered into partnership with a Barbados-based company, GeoGlobal Resources, and the government gave it 10% equity in KG Basin gas fields for nothing.While the company was reportedly given stake for bringing expertise in gas exploration, it told shareholders in the US it had no experience in the field of exploration prior to going to India. The consortium was formed in 2003.\"Their geological modeling was so bad that GSPC had to hire another company for the job GeoGlobal was to do,\" the minister said.While repeatedly caveating the veiled allegations with \"if the media report is true\", Tewari said he was only flagging issues that concerned people of Gujarat and were better clarified. He said, \"The media story has raised certain questions and the state government, especially the CM, should answer who is the beneficiary. Who is Jean Paul Roy (head of GeoGlobal) and why was his company given 10% stake in gas fields estimated at $20 billion?\" He said it was unacceptable that a foreign company should go with massive windfall gains with no questions asked.Adding a political twist by talking about Modi's repeated reference to six crore Gujaratis, Tewari said, \"Why were six crore people of Gujarat made to bear the cost that the company was supposed to pay? We would like the CM to answer.\" Adding more details with a whiff of malfeasance, Tewari alleged GeoGlobal sold 5% of its equity to a Mauritius company in 2003 and did a reverse takeover of the company only months later.\"Is it a fact that by January 2006, the value of a GeoGlobal share, which was nominally 1/10th of a cent, went up to $14.92. The report estimates it is a 15,000% appreciation. Now, why is it relevant? Because this gas field is supposed to start commercial production in January 2013,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17472050", "title": "Kids to be made aware of their rights", "text": "BANGALORE: Empowering children to exercise their rights, the Bangalore Rural Education and Development Society ( BREADS) launched the Child Rights Education and Action Movement (CREAM) across 10 districts in Karnataka on Monday.CREAM is aimed at restoring child rights through empowerment and participation and will enhance children's participation in development.CREAM will cover Bangalore, Ramnagaram, Mysore, Bidar, Gulbarga, Yadgir, Chitradurga, Bellary, Raichur and Davanagere. The project will create awareness among over 75,000 children in 750 schools about human rights.Also, 900 government school teachers will be trained to impart human right education and around 450 child right clubs will be formed.\"We have reached a stage where 10-year-old kids are committing suicide. The message that children give through these incidents is, 'Do not take us for granted'. People tend to forget the right of every child to life, participate and develop. We need to ensure these basic rights through close monitoring of networks. This monitoring through child rights networks will help support every child and ensure that the amount spent by government and funding agencies reaches children,\" said Edward Thomas , member, Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471342", "title": "'A living hell, can't be called rehabilitation centre'", "text": "MUMBAI: The escape of nine girls from the Navjeevan Mahila Sudhar Vastigruha in Mankhurd comes in the wake of repeated reports drawn up by court-appointed committees highlighting deplorable conditions at the home and complete neglect of inmates.\"A living hell with stinking toilets, abusive staff and lack of supervision by senior officers of the department of women and children. This place can't be called a rehabilitation centre,\" is how the home was described by the most recent two-member committee set up by the Bombay High Court. The committee, comprising superintendent of police Dr Rashmi Karandikar and psychiatrist Harish Shetty, was appointed to hold a preliminary enquiry against allegations of sexual abuse after repeated incidents of inmates escaping the home.Monday's escape is the third such incident in three months. \"It is a failed centre. The women have experienced accelerated trauma in the rehabilitation centre and they have a sense of deep mistrust, rejection and injustice with no faith left in the establishment. It is a deep sense of shame to society that we still have medieval, feudal rescue homes which marginalize these women more than they already were,\" said Dr Shetty who didn't rule out the hand of anyone in the centre or outside in Monday's escape.The home cuts a sorry figure. It has a capacity of 100 persons but over 300 inmates have been packed together since July, as pointed out in the court proceedings. While there are 22 sanctioned posts of officers and staffers, eight lie vacant. There are only two guards present, though 12 posts have been sanctioned.The home has in fact been under scrutiny as part of another committee set up under Justice (retd) Chandrashekar Dharamadhikari in 2010 to study atrocities against women, which submitted two reports. The committee had underlined the need for a compassionate approach towards rehabilitating rescued trafficking victims, pointing out they shouldn't be treated as offenders but as \"victims to be treated with dignity and respect\".Nandita Shah of Akshara women's resource centre said the repeated escapes at the Mankhurd shelter pointed to a flaw in the state's approach towards rehabilitation of trafficked women. \"Ultimately, it is women who are victimised over and over again. The situation in the homes is so bad that it is worth questioning whether putting women in such homes serves any purpose at all,\" she said, pointing out that rehabilitation would work in its true sense only when society in general was sensitized to employ and support them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475389", "title": "Towering battle between health and connectivity", "text": "RANCHI: The erratic installation of mobile towers in the state have robbed Ranchiites of their sleep. Residents who have base transceiver stations (BTS towers) or mobile towers, installed atop their houses and near their flats are complaining of losing sleep. Some of them have complained of high-irritatibility as well. They are being advised by doctors to shift to a place which has lesser number of mobile towers to get good sleep and restore calm of mind.M B K Sinha, the assistant professor of Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), said it was common for people living in areas dotted with mobile towers to suffer from sleeplessness and irritability.Sunil Mahapatra (name changed), a resident of Burdman Compound, is one among a growing tribe of people facing such disorders. \"I was advised by my doctor to move to a location where there were less mobile towers. I moved to Namkum in a rented flat,\" said Mahapatra. But unfortunately, the Namkum area is also not free from the menace of mobile tower radiation and Mahapatra has to pop sleeping pills for a peaceful night.Consultant physician and cardiologist Manoj Kumar Vadani agreed, \"Shift ing locations in such cases make a huge difference. Areas with radio frequency levels within the acceptable range cause less harm.\"In a number of cases, electromagnetic radiation from mobile towers has led to the impairment of the growth of the foetus in pregnant women, said Gopa Choudhary, assistant professor of gynaecology department at RIMS. \"Of late, several incidents of growth retardation in foetus, abnormal birth, and even deaths have been reported owing to mobile tower radiation,\" she added. Though Choudhary did not confirm any such incident, she said, \"It is a countrywide phenomenon. We will now try to find out more about such effects in Ranchi.\"It is no surprise then that the largest hospital in Jharkhand is itself situated amidst a jungle of mobile towers. Recently, the Rajasthan high court asked for mobile towers in educational institutions, hospitals, playgrounds, jails and monuments to be relocated elsewhere.There has been powerful activism against erection of illegal mobile towers across the length and breadth of the city. Ashish Kumar Singh, an advocate who had filed a PIL in 2010 for the removal of the illegal mobile towers in Ranchi, said medical reports have already proved that exposure to electromagnetic waves from mobile towers cause loss of retention power in kids and at times memory loss. \"It also leads to cancer ,\" said Singh. A group of environmentalists had also drawn the attention of the high court to the harmful effects of radiation.Early this year, following the directions of the Jharkhand high court, a high-level team comprising experts from Birla Institute of Technology (Mesra) had been assigned the task of studying the effects of radiation. But the work is still pending because of technical difficulties. Nisha Gupta, the head of the department of electronics and communication, who is heading the team, said, \"The study has been stalled because of technical difficulties.\"Despite all this, Jharkhand's Telecom Enforcement Resource &amp; Monitoring (TERM) Cell, a watchdog under the ministry of communication and IT department of telecommunications, claims that radiation from mobile towers (base station antennae) are within the limits for general public exposure.J B Prasad, Jharkhand's deputy director general, TERM cell, said, \"Our vigilance experts have conducted an analysis of emission levels on several mobile towers in Ranchi and other districts on a random basis. It has come to our notice that around 100% BTS's located in Ranchi and other districts are complying with the norms\".TERM officials had conducted the sample survey in Ranchi, Hazaribagh, Bokaro, Jamshedpur, Dhanbad and other districts where the BTS's towers were found 100% compliant, said Prasad.In 2010, the department of telecommunications (DoT) had issued detailed instructions to telecom service providers across the country for meeting guidelines of International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection (ICNIRP).\" ICNIRP, widely connected to a large community working on non-ionizing radiation protection around the world, is formally recognized by the World Health Organization (WHO) in the field of non-ionizing radiation,\" said a senior TERM official. Prasad, however, said if someone thinks that any mobile mast in his area is dangerous or emits radiation, he should immediately complain to the department. We shall verify the same and take necessary action.\" There are around 6000 BTSs of 2G, 3G, GSM and CDMA in Jharkhand. DoT guidelines clearly say that sites found non-compliant by TERM Cells will face a penalty of Rs 5 lakh per BTS. It also adds that the site, found non-compliant, may also be shut down.Prasad, however, said that there is no government direction about the installation of mobile towers near educational institutions, hospitals, playgrounds and other public places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17469806", "title": "Eden curator shoos away Atherton from the track", "text": "KOLKATA: Eden Gardens' veteran curator Prabir Mukherjee, known for his steadfast adherence to the rules and traditional values of cricket, on Monday shooed away former England skipper Mike Atherton , who had gone close to the track in violation of the cricketing norms.Atherton, who is here as a broadcaster, had tried to take a close look at the wicket, which has generated a great degree of controversy after Mukherjee slammed Indian skipper MS Dhoni for asking for a square turner from day one of the Dec 5-9 game against England.Seeing Atherton, Mukherjee went up to him and angrily gestured to him to leave the spot. \"Please go!\" the 83-year-old Mukherjee was heard telling the ex-cricketer.Atherton, however, left immediately without a word.The incident happened during the net session of the Indian cricket team.The Cricket Association of Bengal, the local staging unit, stood by Mukherjee.\"How can a commentator suddenly go to the pitch? The host broadcasters are allowed to inspect the track for their pitch report only a short while before the match begins. I don't see anything wrong in Mukherjee stopping him,\" said CAB joint secretary Subir Ganguly.Meanwhile, there were evidently cold vibes between the curator and the Indian captain when Dhoni went up to the 22 yard strip accompanied by coach Duncan Fletcher .As the duo inspected the wicket, Mukherjee remained seated outside the boundary line.While returning, Dhoni again ignored the curator, who was seen chatting with Indian star player Gautam Gambhir on the boundary line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472936", "title": "Builder, brother held for woman's abduction, unnatural sex", "text": "NAGPUR: Dhantoli police arrested a builder and his younger brother on Monday for allegedly abducting and forcing a woman to engage in unnatural sex last week. Vyankatesh Mudliar and his younger brother Mohan have been arrested. It is learnt that Vyankatesh's other brother Rajesh and their driver managed to procure ad-interim bail in the case.Even as some questioned the security of women in the city, some senior police officials expressed serious doubts about the genuineness of the complaint lodged by 34-year-old woman Seema (name changed). It is learnt that Seema had, in an earlier instance, given in writing to the Dhantoli police station in-charge that she was unwilling to pursue a complaint against Vyankatesh.Seema has accused her former paramour Vyankatesh of various crimes earlier too. She had also lodged complaints of harassment against Vyankatesh at Ajni and Sitabuldi police stations. Vyankatesh too had furnished complaints against the woman for harassing him at different police stations.At present, Vyankatesh is facing preventive action by assistant commissioner of police of Ajni division GM Sakharkar. He was regularly attending the court of Sakharkar, who is also an executive magistrate.Sources at Dhantoli police station said they were reluctant to register Seema's complaint since they were aware of her long standing enmity with Vyankatesh. The cops were trying to contact Vyankatesh to give him an opportunity to furnish his side of the story. But Vyankatesh avoided the cops and switched off his cellphone.Seema, mother of two, has said in her latest complaint that she was forcibly taken to different locations in a car by Vyankatesh and his brothers last Saturday. She was subjected to unnatural perversion by Vyankatesh, who is a real estate dealer by profession. Seema later approached Dhantoli police station to lodge a complaint of kidnapping and unnatural sex against the three Mudliar brothers and their driver.Senior officials have expressed surprise that a man savaged a woman in the presence of his brothers. \"The case is shaky, and may not stand before legal and logical questions. There is a strong possibility the accused will get discharged,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471827", "title": "Opposition walkout over MNREGA", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Monday found fault in the report of an NGO indicating large-scale corruption and plunder in the implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) scheme amounting to Rs6,000 crore putting the government in an embarrassing position.During a two-hour special debate in the state assembly on Monday, rural development minister Nitish Mishra claimed the flagship scheme was quite transparent and several surveys of the Centre had praised the work in Bihar.Initiating the debate, leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddiqui demanded nothing less than a CBI probe into the matter. He said the survey in 10 districts made by Centre for Information and Food Security, a Delhi- based NGO, has exposed a loot of Rs 6,000 crore. \"If it is calculated for the entire state, the scam would touch Rs 25,000 crore in view of the rampant corruption and diversion of fund,\" the RJD leader alleged.Mishra ridiculed the charge, saying between February 2006, when the MNREGA scheme was implemented, and December 2012, the Centre has allocated only Rs 9,381 crore. The minister suspected the motive of the survey by the NGO and quoted similar findings in its reports for Odisha, Bundelkhand and Bihar, word by word. He also questioned the methodology of the field survey and selection of the 2,500 households.During the minister's reply, the opposition parties staged a noisy walkout. Earlier, while Siddiqui, in his 45-minute speech, extensively quoted the statements of BJP leaders of Odisha demanding a CBI probe into the Rs 500 crore scam in the state, Mishra, who also spoke for 45 minutes, quoted the MNREGA report of the Centre released by the Prime Minister which praised 'decent' work in some parts of Bihar, as well as the reports of the World Bank and the central monitoring bodies. While the minister was replying, members from the opposition benches kept on demanding a CBI inquiry.\"If the NGO's report is fake and fabricated, why doesn't the government file a case against it in the court?\" Siddiqui asked. Mishra said, \"We never claimed that there was no irregularity in the scheme, but we are trying to have a mechanism to identify the wrong and take action.\" He added that on report of irregularities, over 200 FIRs had been registered and 176 officials suspended.Mishra also spoke about the proposed system of computerized statement of each job card holder which would state the nature of work given and the payment made. Also, he said, the government was working to provide e-Shakti cards which would be a biometric card having impressions of the fingers of card holders, and their attendance would be made through this card. \"In the next two years, each eligible person will have the e-Shakti card to work under MNREGA,\" he announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17471403", "title": "Low-height of dividers causing accidents: Police", "text": "JAIPUR: The city traffic department claims to have written several times to the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) and other civic bodies to increase the height of road dividers including the one near Central Park on which IAS officer V S Singh was standing when a car hit him.As per the police officials, if the road divider had been higher, Singh's life could have been saved as it would have either stopped the car altogether or slowed down its speed. Most road dividers in the city are of the same height.In December last year, renowned neurosurgeon Dr P P S Mathur had met with a similar accident when he was hit by a car while he was on his way to the Central Park for jogging. He too sustained serious injuries on his head and died after undergoing treatment for 15 days.\"Had there been a proper road divider, my hands would not have been stained with blood,\" the Alto car's driver Deendayal Paul told TOI when he was taken into police custody after the mishap.A senior traffic department officer told this paper that the issue of road dividers has been raised before the JDA and other concerned agencies several times over the past few months.\"The issue has been raised during the traffic control board meetings. We have also written to the JDA separately. It was brought to their notice that most road dividers in the city are barely a few inches above the road. It has led to accidents in the past too,\" said a police officer.Paul said he did not even realize that there was a road divider. \"I was completely in a state of shock after a pedestrian on the left side of the road came in front of the car. In a bid to save him, I turned the car towards the right where Singh was standing. The car was not speeding but it did not stop as there was no road divider,\" said Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475351", "title": "Ranchi set to get 3 new parks", "text": "RANCHI: The Ranchi Municipal Corporation will write to the Heavy Engineering Corporation (HEC) for a no- objection certificate to construct a road and sewerage at HEC colony as decided in a standing committee meeting on Monday.\"The RMC started the road and the sewerage construction in the colony, but the (company) administration said we could not work there unless we get an NOC from them. We will send them a letter asking them to give an NOC within a week. If they fail, we will remove 4,000 street lights and high mast lights from the area too as they have also been put up by the RMC,\" mayor Rama Khalkho said.It has also been decided in the meeting that new roads will be constructed in the city for which Rs 4.17 crore has been sanctioned. It was also decided that the name of Pustak Path will be changed to Hanuman Sarawgi Road.The mayor said, \"We will also start the work of providing electricity and water supply to the houses made under basic service for urban poor scheme very soon.\"The RMC will also make three new parks and renovate three old ones to make the city greener. \"Of the three new parks, one will be made in the empty land near the CM's residence, one in front of Ranchi College and one at Sector 7 of Harmu housing colony. Parks near Argora bypass road, Shehjanand Chowk and one at Harmu housing colony will be beautified,\" Khalkho said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471048", "title": "Samajwadi Party keeps UPA in suspense over FDI vote", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party is still playing a guessing game over the vote on FDI in Parliament. Political pundits have not ruled out the possibility of the SP voting against the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), at least in Rajya Sabha, to gain political edge over the Bahujan Samaj Party if it abstains from voting. SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav will, however, take the final call on his party's stance in Lok Sabha.Lok Sabha will debate and vote on FDI under Rule 184 while Rajya Sabha will do the same under Rule 168. Both the rules entail voting. The results may end up embarrassing the UPA ahead of 2014 general elections if it falls short of the numbers, albeit there is no threat to its survival.Given the conflict of political interests, SP may stand against arch rival BSP in both the Houses without posing any immediate threat to the UPA. The party is trying to achieve dual goals: one, to show that it will not side with the UPA; and, second, to gain political edge over the BSP. Although SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav on Thursday stated that the party would not allow passage of FDI in Rajya Sabha, hours later Mulayam contradicted him claiming that the party was yet to decide on the issue.The UPA is in minority in Rajya Sabha with 87 MPs and unlikely to reach 122 majority mark as it will require roping in \"outside-supporters\" like the BSP (15 MPs), SP (nine) and RJD (two) which totals 113 votes. The UPA can bank on nine out of the 10 nominated MPs whom it backed except Sachem Tendulkar who is playing the ongoing Test series against England. The UPA can also count on the remaining seven independent and those from smaller parties to cross the 122 mark.A vote against FDI will help SP strengthen its ties with the Left parties, as a result of which he hopes to become third front's prime minister in 2014. Most SP leaders favour voting against FDI. The mood is a binding factor for Mulayam's new found bonhomie with veteran Congressman ND Tewari, who is believed to be depending on Mulayam to settle scores with the party. Tewari, sources said, has assured Mulayam of support from at least three of his loyalists, who are sitting Congress MPs, after 2014 elections.SP's only concern is that voting against the FDI will see it aligning with the BJP which is set to reject FDI in multi-brand retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472212", "title": "'Tech boost checks crime'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From tracing the killer in a brutal murder case at Leisure Valley, Sector 10, in 2009 to getting crucial leads in a last ditch effort to crack the blind murder case of Neha Ahlawat, the use of technology has helped the police deal effectively with crime. The usage of tech-gadgets by the Chandigarh police caught the fancy of two research scholars from PEC University and Panjab University, who have come up with interesting findings.The duo analyzed the crime statistics from 2006 to 2011, and investigated how the usage of technology was the major reason for police bringing down the crime graph in the city.Statistics indicate how abduction cases reduced from 65 in 2006, to 50 in 2008, 39 in 2010 and 12 in 2011 (till March).A total 88% of the respondents (police personnel) of the study - \"Technology driven policing: A study of Chandigarh police\" - said that ever since they started using technological devices, there was a significant improvement in \"prevention and detection\" of crime in the city. This study by Jaswinder Kaur of PEC's applied science department and Namit Kumar from PU was published in Panjab University Journal of Arts.\"If one compares the use of technology by police overseas and here in Chandigarh, one finds how using technology can bring down crime and even in solving criminal cases. Expenditure on technology in police must be treated like an investment,\" says Kaur.Kumar, a junior research fellow at PU, who authored the research article along with Kaur says, \"Technology is a great asset for the local police, indicate statistics and there is scope for further improvement.\"However, the study also found out that there was a dire need of funds to upgrade the Chandigarh police on the technological front. Seventy five per cent of the respondents, pointed out that though technology was a boon, there was a shortage of funds to invest more in gadgets.Tech ImpactFifty five per cent of the respondents in this study said that putting CCTV cameras in crowded places, shops, parking areas, near light points and markets helped the police to check snatchers, thieves and traffic violatorsEighty five per cent of respondents said that the communication of police with outside agencies became a continous and satisfactory process because of better communication methods", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17474097", "title": "Myanmarese, Nagas, share age-old ties: Rio", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio has said the Nagas and Myanmarese share age-old historical, cultural and religious ties.Addressing the international conference on \"India's Northeast: The Bridgehead Between Myanmar &amp; India\" here on Sunday, Rio said there are over one million ethnic Nagas living in Myanmar.\"Historical events have divided the Nagas, and today there are many Naga tribes and villages, which live on both sides of the international border but the Naga way of life continues to bind the people on two sides,\" he added.Stating that his government has been very vocal on the need to recognize and support the rights of Nagas in Myanmar, Rio said the Nagaland government had submitted a memorandum to the Centre to extend financial assistance to develop Naga-inhabited areas of Myanmar.Rio invited Myanmar business houses to invest in Nagaland and use the state as a natural springboard for trade and commerce with the rest of India. Rio said the northeastern states could also be a convenient destination for healthcare and education.As the northeastern states lagged behind other parts of the country in development, mostly due to its geographical isolation, Rio said the Centre will have to focus more on development efforts to break NE's geo-political isolation and to sustain stronger ties with its neighbouring countries, especially Myanmar.\"Northeast India would greatly benefit from the expanding opportunities in Myanmar, where recent political reforms after decades of military rule have began to pave the way for foreign investment,\" Rio said at the conference.The conference was organized by Maulana Abdul Kalam Azad Institute for Asian Studies, Kolkata, the School of Social Sciences, Nagaland University and the Tampadipa Institute, Yangon, Myanmar with the support of Public Diplomacy Division, Union ministry of external affairs.He said in the context of emerging global opportunities and dynamics, the northeast region can easily emerge as the convergence of dynamic economies of the 21st century of South East Asia, including China, with development of proper infrastructure of transport &amp; communication and other business linkages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "17474029", "title": "Two rebels killed in Dimapur", "text": "DIMAPUR: Two cadres of NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) were gunned down in a busy market area of Dimapur at 11.30 am on Monday. According to eyewitnesses, the two cadres, identified as Sheye Konyak and Wochamo, were at a shop when armed miscreants arrived on a motorcycle and shot them from point-blank range after snatching their mobile phones.The incident took place at MP Road, which is one of the busiest roads in Dimapur town sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17470602", "title": "China wants India to keep US out of region", "text": "BEIJING: India and China were engaged in tough bargaining on Monday with Beijing seeking an assurance that New Delhi would not encourage \"American interference\" in the region. The Indian delegation, lead by National Security Advisor Shiv Shankar Menon, will continue discussion on the border dispute and the passport controversy.At the talks, Chinese State Councilor Dai Bingguo said bilateral ties should not be affected by \"noise\" and instead focus on further cooperation, Xinhua news agency said. Dai was apparently referring to criticism in India that border talks haven't produced tangible results. Chinese leaders revealed a strong desire to keep India out of the emerging club of nations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Japan, Vietnam and the Philippines \u00e2\u20ac\u201d involved in territorial disputes with China. Beijing's anxiety offers an opportunity for India to negotiate some tough issues like China's continued arms support to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17473826", "title": "Saif gets a dialogue coach in his director", "text": "Saif is an accomplished actor. But he thinks in English.And that's a problem in Lucknow where he needs to speak in a colloquial Uttar Pradeshi lingo for his character of a mo-bike-borne sharp-shooter. Apparently in the bid to get Saif completely into character director Tigmanshu Dhulia and producer Rahul Mittra discourage the use of the angrezi bhasha on location. Everyone speaks only in Hindi, and that too the localized variation of the language. Director Tigmanshu Dhulia confesses he is Saif's new language coach. \"I tell him exactly how to speak and how to avoid sounding distanced from the words he speaks. Luckily Saif is a quick learner very fast on the uptake.\" It's a gruelling process of unlearning for Saif Ali Khan in Lucknow where the actor is currently shooting for Tigmanshu Dhulia's Bullet Raja. One learns that Saif is completely into getting out of his Oxonian cultured accent and royal habits to get a hang of the colloquial Uttar Pradeshi dialect. The director Tigmanshu Dhulia informs, \"Saif is the only star-actor after Aamir Khan. He has the draw and the ability to get completely into character. I am his dialogue coach on location here. I brief him very closely on how to deliver his lines. He listens, absorbs, and practises the dialogues till he gets them just right.\" Dhulia feels Saif is well-read enough to imbibe any character , no matter how alien to him. \"He posseses a world-view, has a sound knowledge of music , literature and the fine arts. He has taken possession of Bullet Raja's character. He lives the role even when the camera is off. He wants to know what the character is doing when he is not in the frame. That kind of dedication I got when Irrfan Khan played Paan Singh Tomar.\" Bullet Raja is a massy actioner with Sajid-Wajid's populist numbers peppering the proceeds. After Dhulia completes shooting Bullet Raja in and around Lucknow he returns to Uttar Pradesh in May 2013 to shoot Milan Talkies with Imran Khan and Priyanka Chopra. Interestingly most of Tigmanshu Dhulia's films so far have been UP-based , and he is seriously thinking of shifting base to Uttar Pradesh. Reasons Dhulia, \"So many films are being shot in and around Lucknow. Abhishek Choubey and Sudhir Mishra are coming here for Dedh Ishqiya and Mehrunissa. I am coming back for Milan Talkies right after I finish Bullet Raja.There's no reason why I can't make films out of Uttar Pradesh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17471412", "title": "23-yr-old girl kills self in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A 23-year-old girl reportedly committed suicide by consuming poison at the government quarters in Gandhi Nagar on Sunday evening.The deceased Khushbu's mother is a Class IV government employee. According to the police, some PWD workers had gone to the house for white washing the walls. Her mother was not at home and she opened the door to them.Sometime later, she started vomitting and was immediately rushed to the SMS hospital where she was declared brought dead.\"Prima facie it appears to be case of suicide where the girl consumed a poisonous substance. But we are not ruling out the possibility of murder,\" a police officer said.old daughter of a fourth class employee staying at the government quarters at Gandhi Nagar was found dead under mysterious circumstance. The police is though taking it a suicide case but have not ruled out the possibility of murder.According to the police, some of the PWD workers had gone for the white washing at the house belonged to Madhubala Sharma (40) who was the owner of the house at Gandhi Nagar on Sunday evening. The mother was not home. At 9.30 the girl identified as Khushbu (23) started vomiting and was rushed to the SMS hospital where she was declared brought dead.\"Prima facie it appears to be a case of suicide by consuming poisonous substance but it would be investigated if she was administered poison by any person. It is too early to rule out the possibility of murder,\" said a senior police officer.Police said that though no major injury marks were reported on the body of the girl, however the case looks a bit mysterious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474749", "title": "Malayalam is indeed a tough language: Anjali Patil", "text": "Bollywood actress Anjali Patil, who is making her M-Town debut with Rajesh Touchriver's Ente, says it was indeed a great experience working in a Malayalam film.Anjali plays the lead role as Durga in the movie, which she describes as intense and emotional. However, she did find the language a hard nut to crack. \"Malayalam is indeed a tough language. But I made it a point to mug up each dialogue line by line. Though, I couldn't dub for the movie,\" says Anjali.The actress, who has won the best actress award at this year's International film festival held at Goa for her performance in a Sri Lankan movie, says she would love to be a part of Mollywood yet again. \"However, I'm doubtful whether my hectic schedule will permit me,\" says Anjali, who is currently shooting for her Kannada debut, Apna Desh . \"I am also in discussions for a couple of international and Bollywood projects,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470467", "title": "Peace Haven under threat", "text": "KOLKATA: Peace Haven, the city's most sought-after mortuary, is under threat. An application was submitted to mayor Sovan Chatterjee on Monday seeking his intervention in declaring as 'heritage' the building on Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road which houses the mortuary.From the letter written to the mayor by Justin C Nagle, one of the partners of the mortuary and its coffin-selling business has sought intervention for protecting the mortuary from its present owner as he has planned to demolish the century-old building and build a multi-storied one in its place. In his letter, Nagle has mentioned that his family has been running the mortuary business for over 100 years without any hassle and services have been provided to people of all castes, communities and religions.\"We have been providing the services at Peace Haven for over a century. We charge only Rs 1,500 to keep a body for a day. Now we have come to know that the building housing the mortuary has been handed over to a real estate promoter for demolition of the old building and subsequent construction of a multi-storied building,\" said Nagle, who now wants a heritage tag for the building to save it from demolition.Trinamool Congress MLA and local councillor Iqbal Ahmed has extended a helping hand to Nagle. Ahmed on Monday accompanied Nagle to the mayor's chamber and had a talk with Chatterjee on this. \"This is the only standard mortuary in the city which has served so many VIPs apart from countless ordinary families. We won't allow construction of a multi-storied building replacing the century-old mortuary,\" Ahmed said.Though the mayor said he would ask the civic officials to check rules relating to assigning a heritage tag to a building, a section of the KMC officials felt that it would be difficult for the civic body to accord heritage status to the building going by heritage rules. \"We have to place the matter to the KMC heritage committee first,\" said a KMC building department official. Sources in the KMC buildings department said the owner of the building had already submitted a plan for construction of a multi-storied building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17474872", "title": "Don't support corrupt politicians: Hiremath", "text": "HUBLI: In an apparent dig at former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa who has launched KJP, National Committee for Protection of Natural Resources (NCPNR) president SR Hiremath appealed to people not to support tainted politicians who are now floating new political parties for their personal gain.Speaking to reporters here on Monday, Hiremath said with a view to create awareness among people about corrupt politicians, NCPNR has launched a campaign 'Bhrastare, sarvajanika jeevana bittu tolagi' (Corrupts must quit public life) four months ago. The campaign is receiving good response from all over the state, he said.He alleged that former CM BS Yeddyurappa and his kin are directly involved in forging the documents of the BDA to get certificates of non-agricultural land at various places. Further, Hiremath said that state had to suffer a loss of Rs 871.35 crore due to illegal mining and he urged the CM Jagadish Shettar to recover this huge amount of money from steel companies which were involved in illegal mining in Bellary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17472405", "title": "A carnivorous guest in Kerala gardens", "text": "KOCHI: From textbook pages they have come straight to Kerala gardens. Carnivorous plants like pitcher plant, venus fly trap, sundews and nepenthes are slowly gaining a market in the state.Many specimens are making their way to the state from Thailand. As these are banned and endangered in their wild form, the carnivorous plants are raised through tissue culture.\"Tending to this plant needs special care as it does not need any fertiliser. The soil also has to be nutrient-free and hence we cannot grow it in the soil. If it gets nutrients from soil or fertiliser, it will not produce the 'pitcher' or their trap, which is its identity. You need to only give it water,\" says Wilson Varghese, Kallayi, Kozhikode.Wilson who has an exclusive clientele across the state imports the plant from Thailand and nurtures some in his nursery says that the range varies from Rs 600 to Rs 3000 for a single plant. \"Nobody buys just one plant. They buy in numbers because most die if they are neglected,\" he adds.\"People actually treat it like a pet. They catch mosquitoes, worms in their vegetable plants and put it into the pitcher and watch the plant swallow it. I would say that you can get children to treat it as their pet,\" says Jacob Varghese, assistant professor, botany, Sacred Heart college.\"I have got quite a few specimens in my home. One plant stopped producing a pitcher when unwittingly a fertiliser meant for the rose plant fell on it,\" he says. \"I have got some for my college too\"Wilson says that one of the latest ones to soon come down is a plant that can swallow a rat. \"It has a one and half feet bag.Rejin Jayaraj, a Thrissur-based nursery owner says that since it is an endangered species, people should not collect it from the wild. \"I get about 100 plants in a single consignment but about 40 percent of it gets destroyed as the plants are very sensitive,\" he said.Meanwhile, Wilson is waiting for a prize order, a carnivorous plant that can gobble a rat!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mysore /chamarajanagar", "code": "17474746", "title": "Monkey fever confirmed in Bandipur", "text": "MYSORE /CHAMARAJANAGAR: It's official. There has been an outbreak of Kyasanur forest disease (KFD) or monkey fever in Maddur range of Bandipur Tiger Reserve, Chamarajanagar. The report by Pune-based National Institute of Virology (NIV) confirms the presence of virus in the border district.The virus, which borrows its name from Kyasanur forest of Shimoga, where the disease was first reported in 1957, had infected four forest watchers. Also, 10 primates, including two common langurs, had been found dead. Meanwhile a team from Kyasanur, where the disease was confined, will visit Chamarajanagar to take stock of the situation and issue guidelines to local health and forest authorities.Four of six forest watchers at Alegowdanakatte anti-poaching camp and a dead primate among the 10 had tested positive for KFD.The forest staffers who contracted the virus are safe, said Dr R Srinivas, chief medical officer (CMO), Gundlupet General Hospital.Authorities of viral diagnostic laboratory, department of health and family welfare, Shimoga, who are coordinating with NIV, confirmed the virus from the autopsy report of the primate and blood reports of the forest staffers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kariyappa alias Chikkakariaiah, Ninga, Umesh and Rajappa.Two other watchers Pradeep Kumar and Srinivas Shetty are reported to be safe.Bandipur tiger reserve director Kumar Pushkar said vaccination programme would be organised for forest staff on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472812", "title": "Negative marks in NEET miff students", "text": "NAGPUR: The Medical Council of India (MCI) has decided to include negative marking system in the undergraduate National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) to be held next year. According to earlier reports, MCI was going to do away with the negative marking system and hence most coaching centres had prepared students accordingly.\"I just don't understand why all these details have to be released in the last moment? All along we were hearing that there will be no negative marking but now all of a sudden MCI says there is. Students are the ones who are bound to lose in this situation,\" opined Sameer Phale, who is a lecturer in Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi).The students are irked by the fact that the council has announced this decision just six months before the exam. Gayatri Nimbalkar, an NEET aspirant, echoed the same views. \"Now, we will have to adopt a more cautious approach. They could have told us much before,\" she said.Meanwhile, Chandrakant Satija, who heads a national coaching centre's local branch, said, \"We had an inkling that NEET will be modelled on the lines of AIPMT which also has negative marking. So, we prepared our students accordingly. We have been proved right by MCI's decision.\"Vishakha Swain, another NEET aspirant, said, \"The decision to include negative marking is right because this will ensure that only the best get selected. Otherwise, even random guesses would have helped people score. My preparation will not be affected adversely, since all the mock tests that I appeared for had negative marking scheme. But, yes I certainly agree that a timely announcement would have been a good step.\"The exam is being conducted by CBSE under guidelines from MCI. TOI had reported in September itself that NEET will be held on May 5, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471484", "title": "State govt starts training teachers in special education", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the Right to Education (RTE) Act is being implemented in full swing across Maharashtra, a lot is being done for inclusive education in the true sense of the term.\"The government and the BMC are bringing in several changes to the education system as well as school infrastructure for the differently abled,\" said Farida Lambay of Pratham, a social organization that works towards providing education to the underprivileged.Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA) statistics point out that currently there are close to 3.2 lakh students with special needs across Maharashtra. Of these, 9,188 are from Mumbai. \"We are focusing on wiping away the term 'disabled' from the education system and, therefore, focusing on helping all children complete their education. The government has already started training teachers in special education across Maharashtra,\" said a senior SSA official. \"Parents of differently abled students have a lot of insecurities. We are holding counselling sessions for parents to help them understand that the government provides everything needed for children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17470774", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGive housing project details on websites\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Agitating homebuyers on Monday came down heavily on the three development authorities of Gautam Budh Nagar alleging that even though several of them have been cheated, action is only being taken on select developers. The buyers have again demanded that all developers upload project NOC and other important papers on the official website of the authorities.The buyers alleged that there is nexus between the Authority and developers. \"Whenever we go to the authorities' offices, officials never share the details of the projects. The reluctance of authority officials raises a suspicion of their intentions,\" said Vijay Trivedi of NEFOMA.\"The Yamuna Expressway Authority had assured us that it will upload the status of housing projects in their area, but nothing was done in this regard,\" said Vijay Gupta, member Assocham.The developers' body has also appealed to bring about transparency. \"The Authority should upload project details as it will help both them and the homebuyers. The developers fraternity should also come up on their own and give out details in a transparent manner,\" said RK Arora, vice president, CREDAI (Western UP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17475635", "title": "Sanand plant on track: Ford India", "text": "VADODARA: Despite the current slowdown, the Sanand plant of US car maker - Ford India - in Gujarat is on track.The plant, which is being set up with an investment of Rs 5,000 crore, will be commissioned in 2014.Anurag Mehrotra, vice president, marketing of Ford India, said this here at a press conference on Monday. \"We are not cutting on any plans. Our plans regarding the upcoming plant at Sanand are on schedule,\" said Mehrotra, adding that Ford Motor is developing India as its new export hub from where it will be shipping vehicles to over 50 countries across the globe.\"Once our operations at Sanand commence, our annual manufacturing capacity will increase to 4.4 lakh vehicles and 6.1 lakh engines while our total investments in India will double to US $ two billion,\" he added.He informed that the Sanand plant will produce 2.4 lakh vehicles and 2.70 lakh engines annually adding to the company's capacity of producing 2 lakh vehicles and 3.4 lakh engines from its Chennai plant. At present the company exports its compact car - Figo - to 35 countries.\"South Africa and Mexico are presently biggest export market for Figo. But we are identifying new markets and it (Figo) will hit 50 countries soon,\" he said, adding that the company's exports of vehicles year to date in 2012 are 26,000 plus while November has proved to be the best ever month for exports with over 4,200 vehicles.\"We are expecting our exports to increase in Asia-Pacific and Asean region,\" he said. The company is on way to launch seven new models by mid-decade and this will begin with the launch of Eco Sport in early 2013, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17471784", "title": "Proposals may provide good starting point for India, Pakistan", "text": "The proposals that emerged from the discussions at this seminar may not be entirely acceptable to governments on either side of the border. However, they do highlight the fact that contrary to public perception it is not impossible to come up with solutions. That is the spirit in which governments on both sides of the border should view this exercise. We hope that these proposals will provide a good starting point for them to arrive at solutions to problems that have held both countries back from realising their full potential. At the very least, they should help dispel some of the despair that creeps into discussions on Indo-Pak ties.Related story:  India, Pak panels discuss ways to solve Sir Creek", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17473872", "title": "Manipur minister gives aid to Pradipkumar", "text": "IMPHAL: Joining the league of people who have extended financial assistance to HIV-positive bodybuilder Khundrakpam Pradipkumar, Manipur social welfare minister Akoijam Mirabai Devi has said ahe would donate Rs 5000 from her salary to the muscleman every month.The only woman minister in the Okram Ibobi Singh government, Mirabai also assured to donate Rs 50,000 to Pradipkumar.Pradip, who spends about Rs 40,000 in procuring foreign nutritional diet on every month, won the Mr South Asia title in Ludhiana last month .He will take part in the 4th Mr World competition scheduled to be held in Bangkok next week.At a reception accorded to Pradipkumar here on Sunday, Mirabai promised that she would consult chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh to see on how the government could extend assistance to Pradip.Olympics bronze medalist MC Mary Kom on November 20 donated Rs 65,000 to the bodybuilder at a function held in Imphal. Earlier, members of Self Support Group (SSG), a body formed by HIV positive widows of the state, conducted a donation campaign and handed over Rs 90,000 to Pradipkumar.A local civil body christened \"Joint Brothers' Group\" also donated him Rs 1.5 lakh for his cause after organizing a Tambola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471620", "title": "SC to Sahara: Refund Rs 24k crore or face consequences", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday gave two Sahara companies 24 hours to decide whether they would comply with the apex court's three-month-old directive to refund Rs 24,000 crore to nearly 3 crore investors through market regulator Sebi or face the consequences.\"Tell us by tomorrow (Tuesday) whether you are ready to pay up or face the music,\" a bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar said, refusing to accept Sahara's readiness to deposit Rs 5,126 crore in compliance with the August 31 judgment. The \"music\" which the bench referred to is real, as an application seeking initiation of contempt proceedings is pending before a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar, which had taken a strong view of the Sahara companies trying to step around the August 31 judgment.When Sebi counsel Arvind Datar informed the court on Monday that the market regulator had filed a contempt petition against the companies, the bench said it was more interested in ensuring return of the money to ordinary investors.'Can't interpret our order as per your need'A Supreme Court bench headed by the CJI, hearing the Sahara case, was unimpressed with senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam's attempts to give reasons for not complying with the earlier ruling on refunding Rs 24,000 crore to nearly 3 crore investors. Subramaniam tried to stress on lapses on part of market regulator Sebi in helping the two Sahara companies to comply with the directions in the August 31 judgment.The bench indicated that it had seen through the gameplan and decided to do some plain talking. \"Your intention is very shaky. Your every step is shaky, we can't interpret our order according to your need,\" it said.The two Sahara group companies had moved the SC on November 30, the day the three-month deadline ended for refunding Rs 24,000 crore to investors through Sebi. They came with drafts for Rs 5,126 crore to attempt to prove their bona fides as managers of the investors' money.Sahara had contested Sebi's estimation of the refundable amount as Rs 24,000 crore, while arguing that the regulator was neither accepting the documented investor information nor accepting money being offered as refund to investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472639", "title": "Nagpur University 'doesn't know' of illegal posters, banners on its premises", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University administration always talks about rules and regulations, but hardly follows them. Some employees, under the aegis of Nagpur University Employees Association (NUEA), have illegally put up posters and banners on all NU premises on Amravati Road. The posters were seen even in the premises of NU's main library at Ramdaspeth.The posters and banners criticize the media and NU administration for depicting the employees in wrong light and suppressing their democratic rights.Ironically, registrar Ashok Gomase was not aware of the fact and feigned ignorance when TOI brought it to his notice. He then went to see it personally and assured that he will enquire into it. \"No permission was taken from me to put up these posters and banners. Without our consent, such activity is completely illegal. I will ask officers to remove them,\" Gomase said. He, however, refused to comment on action against the erring employees for flouting rules.Employees claimed that they had sought permission from VC Vilas Sapkal for the same. However, Sapkal was available to confirm or deny these claims. A senior official clarified that the registrar's permission was must for erecting any such, since he was the custodian of NU property.President of NUEA Satish Holey justified the act of employees, saying that it was their premises and therefore no permission was required for erecting posters and banners. \"We have every right to protest against dictatorship of NU administration. It's our democratic right to protest in NU against any injustice meted out to employees who work day in and day out. No one can stop us from doing this,\" he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471306", "title": "Lucknow\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s unfriendly act towards disabled", "text": "LUCKNOW: An exercise as small as withdrawing cash from the nearby automatic teller machine (ATM) can serve as an illustration of the plight of a person with physical disability. Imagine the uphill task for someone sitting in a wheel chair having to climb six stairs to open the door of the ATM and enter the kiosk.In a random check on Monday, TOI found not a single ATM kiosk was without stairs. Meenakshi Singh, telephone operator in a government department, is therefore dependent on the peon in her office each time she has to withdraw money. \"Salary for most of us is deposited in the bank account. I have depend on someone or the other to withdraw the cash for me,\" she said.Banks too are inaccessible for most of the physically challenged. Dr Ram Goel of Handicare - an organisation working for the rights of persons with disability (PWD) - claimed that except for Small Industrial Development Bank of India (SIDBI), no other bank in the city is PWD-friendly.Take the example of a nationalised bank's main branch near the stadium. Since it's on a high plane, taking one's wheel chair is next to impossible. All the transactions are done in the main hall of the building and one will have to climb eight stairs, a challenge for those with loco motor disabilities.There is in fact hardly anything which can be termed 'friendly' for a person with disability. Education is the tool to empower them, but schools excluding the few special schools in the city are beyond the reach of most children with PWD. \"Not a single school in the city - particularly the famous ones - can claim to be totally disabled-friendly. There has to be an attendant to take care of the child,\" stated Neeta Bahadur of the Drishti Samajik Sansthaan.A good public transport would aid the PWD access. Keeping that in mind, the government started low-floor buses and issued orders that PWD would be allowed to travel free. But while the guidelines turned obsolete over time, the buses are too crowded to be caught by general public and far more unreachable for PWD. Mridu Goel said there were low-floored buses in the city but they barely stopped at their designated halts. \"Then they are so fiercely over crowded that even normal people injure themselves in the quest to catch it. So, it's a mission impossible for us,\" she said.Some complained that the state road transport corporation did not stop for PWD. There were scores of complaints suggesting apathy on the part of the driver and conductors. \"They treat us badly and think of us as a burden. The conductors taunt us with the word 'damaad' (son in law),\" said Ashrit Verma, a deaf and dumb student who studies in Rae Bareli.Malls offer some accessibility to such people. They have several wheel chairs, a proper ramp, PWD-friendly toilet\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall the essentials of freedom to PWD. But manager Vijay Kumar , who uses wheel chair, has some complaints. \"The toilets are usually dirty or broken. At times, they are closed for no reason,\" he stated. But he is still thankful for agencies behind construction of malls. \"We at least have some place to go and break free without the usual fear of being hit by a vehicle,\" he stated. Arubindo Park of Indranagar is the other place of solace for PWD.\"This is the most thoughtful effort undertaken by government agencies in the city. There is a proper toilet and ramps constructed over letting PWD breathe easy for sometime,\" said Anita Duggal, whose son is a paraplegic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17473845", "title": "Uddhav Thackeray named editor of Shiv Sena newspapers", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after getting all powers to manage Shiv Sena, its executive president Uddhav Thackeray on Tuesday donned a new mantle -- that of the editor of party mouthpieces Saamana and Dopahar Ka Saamana.Shiv Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray , who edited the two newspapers till his death on November 17, is now 'founder-editor' of the dailies.Till Monday, Bal Thackeray's name continued to appear on the front-page below the masthead as editor of both the newspapers.Indicating his desire to keep a low profile, the name of Uddhav, the son of Bal Thackeray, appears only in the printline of the last pages of the two papers.Marathi broadsheet morninger Saamana was founded January 23, 1988, as a party mouthpiece to convey Thackeray's views to the Marathi masses.Hindi eveninger tabloid Dopahar Ka Saamana was launched Febraury 23, 1993, to woo north Indians settled in Maharashtra and take Thackeray's views to the national capital, a year before the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party combine captured power in Maharashtra.Over the years, Thackeray mastered the art of using the two newspapers columns -- through acidic edits, rare signed edicts and an occasional personalised message to party activists -- sparing none, be they relatives, friends or foes.For the first time in their history, the newspapers sported full black front pages the day after Thackeray's death (November 18) and the day after his public cremation (November 19).Little wonder, Saamna was usually the only Marathi newspaper placed on the office desks of all incumbent Maharashtra chief ministers.While Uddhav will be the new editor, the papers' routine affairs will continue to be managed by trusted executive editors Sanjay Raut (Saamana) and Prem Shukla (Dopahar Ka Saamana) as in the past.Published by veteran party leader Subhash Desai, the newspapers are run by the Prabodhankar Trust and printed in its own printing units in Vashi in Navi Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17470890", "title": "Rising above the odds, they challenged disability", "text": "LUCKNOW: As a child he galloped on his rocking horse all the time and everyone in the family wanted him to get down and rest for a while. But when he stopped after an accident, his parents and relatives wanted a miracle to happen and return Vijay his pace of life. A spinal injury crippled him.\"The trauma lasted for more than five years. I missed school and wondered if I would ever be able to get back to my life. Still, I feel that though the incident shook me to the core, it failed to break the will inside my soul,\" said Vijay Bisht. It was probably because of his strong will that he rose above the odds to complete his education and become a manager at Tata Motors. \"I was sick of the years of inability to come to terms with the reality. So I decided to get over it come what may,\" he said.Just like Vijay Bisht, Rakesh Jain gathered himself despite his visual impairment to become a teacher at National Post Graduate College.\"Before all the academic examinations I took, I wondered if God could give me a normal life. But then, life doesn't change at our will. I made targets for myself and achieved them one by one. Today I don't have any regret in my life,\" he told TOI.To many people, Jain is an inspiration. \"After helping himself, he made efforts to help people like him starting an organisation called Rehabilitation Society of the Visually Impaired (RSVI)-the only centre in North India to prepare print material in Braille and audio books for the visually challenged,\" said Moulindu Mishra, a faculty member in Lucknow Christian College. \"Education is the only way to empower people. And people with disability need it the most so that they don't become a burden on anyone else,\" said Jain.Head of the education department at Mahila Mahavidyala, Rani Jewsani agrees. With more than 90% debilitating loco-motor disability, she needs help at every step to move out of her house. ''I cannot walk on my own even with callipers,\" said Jeswani, hence, she took help of her servant whenever she wanted to move out of her house. A merit holder right from the beginning, Rani has bagged scholarships and honours in school. Her courage as a teacher too has been acknowledged in the form of the Best Teacher Award by a number of government and social organisations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17470178", "title": "After long delay, Urdu library likely to open next year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The inauguration of Urdu Bhavan in Khilwat, Motigalli, has missed many a dates thanks to its slow-paced decade-long construction. For over a year now, minor works have kept inauguration in abeyance while the delay has deprived Old City denizens a dedicated Urdu library.Taken up at the cost of Rs 1.5 crore, construction began in 1999 on the premises of the old pension office at Khilwat with the involvement of Quli Qutub Shahi Urban Development Authority, the Urdu Academy, the district administration and Minorities Finance Corporation.Later, the Andhra Pradesh Health &amp; Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC) was roped in to complete the task. The building was expected to be inaugurated in January last year, but it did not happen.The delay in inauguration of Urdu Bhavan also assumes significance as the only other functioning library of the Urdu Academy in Purani Haveli, was shut a week ago. The library had to be closed down after 32 years of functioning as the number of visitors dwindled and the building is in a bad shape.\"We have to install the acoustic system in the auditorium and carry out some minor works and we have asked the corporation to complete the work in 15 days,\" said an Urdu Academy official.After the inauguration, the academy authorities are planning to start a Urdu diploma course besides setting up a library and oriental research centre. When contacted APHMHIDC officials assured that the work will be completed soon and they will hand over the library to the academy before the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17473988", "title": "Talaash is a film evoking extreme reactions: Reema Kagti", "text": "Reema Kagti's Talaash is a winner. Opening across India at around 60-75 percent attendance, the film's attendance showed a steep leap on Sunday. By Monday the verdict was clear. Talaash had collected a whopping 57.50 crore rupees in India.Exhausted after the release Reema speaks to Subhash K Jha of the success.Party time? Ha ha, not yet. I think I will be more comfortable celebrating next week. But the film's success means I can be what I want to be as a filmmaker, make the films that I want to.I think I've achieved what I set out to achieve. Someone tweeted from Chennai said I got a standing ovation at the end of a screening. I hope he wasn't pulling my leg. Of course there are adverse reactions. Talaash is a film evoking extreme reactions.Either people love or hate it. I hope for the sake of the entire team that the film works. If such films work then others are encouraged to try something different.There are actually 3 plots in Talaash about Aamir and the murder mystery. Aamir and Rani's marital problems after their son's death and the love story between the pimp Nawazuddin Siddiqui and the prostitute Sheeba Chadha? I think I've brought three plots from three different genres together in Talaash. I could've made three separate films. The challenge lay in bringing the different genres together.Would Talaash be as big as Aamir's last blockbuster 3 Idiots? Was I trying to equal the blockbusters?I don't know...I just hoped it did good business. For me personally there is a feeling of completeness after making Talaash . It was a film I really wanted to make. I waited five years to make Talaash. \"You've effectively broken the myth that women directors make women-centric delicate and feminine films? I am glad you can't tell the director's gender watching Talaash . Even Zoya Akhtar's films are like that. But yes , there is a disgruntled wife in my film,played by Rani. And Aamir does come close to committing adultery with Kareena, if these are traits female directors show. In the one intimate sequence that Kareena shares with Aamir she gives him something he really needs.And it's not sex. It's sleep.A lot of viewers have questioned the way the supernatural element has been handled in Talaash? I had several test-screenings where we screened the film to different sections of people.We left out certain scenes and added certain other portions. Based on the comments of focus groups we introduced a bit of explanation about the ending. I even tried removing the clues about Kareena's character so that the audience would not know the truth about her before Aamir. But without those clues the denouement didn't work.I n your first film Honeymoon Travels Pvt Ltd too there was this supernatural element with Abhay Deol turning into Superman? There again I was playing around with the supernatural element arguing that if couples don't have fights they must be super-heroes. I wasn't trying to convince people about the existence of super-heroes.Talaash is being compared with various Hollywood films on the eerie theme? People are comparing my film to The Sixth Sense. But come on, Raj Khosla's Woh Kaun Thi did it so many decades ago.To tell you the truth, I don't even believe in ghosts. For me the ghost in Talaash is a metaphor for the unknown. When the story came to Zoya Akhtar and me the treatment was like a full-fledged horror movie. Eventually we made Talaash as a tale of a haunted hero. But he doesn't even realize he is haunted.Some critics feel Aamir Khan's performance to be excessively reined-in? He has very tough role. Kareena had the most charismatic presence and best lines.Aamir plays a man in a state of emotional shut-down. My brief to Aamir was to play the cop like Dr Spock in Star Trek . Completely emotion-less. Aamir plays a character who is so emotionally shattered he can't/won't express his feelings. I think he has held the film together with his performance. There are no emotional closures and culminations to a man losing his child. The wound remains. But by the end of the film he begins to heal. At least he begins to address the issue. That's how I had to leave Aamir's character.\"Audiences and critics are raving about the impeccable casting even in the briefest parts? It was done by Nandini Shrikent. I am so embarrassed that her vast contribution to Talaash has been eclipsed. She had done an excellent job.She kept bringing actors for every character until I was satisfied. The casting managed to give many layers through her casting. Girls playing the prostitutes are all perfectly cast. The Madame of the brothel is played by Gulfam. She is actually a scriptwriter.I just couldn't resist casting her.As for Nawazuddin Siddiqui the minute I met him I knew he was right for the character.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475403", "title": "Lure of quick buck sends residents on installation spree", "text": "RANCHI: The lure of easy money has led to the mushrooming of mobile towers on land owned by private apartments and buildings here. Installation of a mobile tower is a source of income for the owner of the house or apartment, on whose premise the tower is installed. It can fetch them a monthly rent of Rs 50,000 to 70,000 and anything between Rs 50 to 79 lakh as advance payment. Even as neighbours continue to suffer from multiple diseases owing to electromagnetic radiation from base transreceiver stations (BTS towers), people are queuing up at different agencies to get mobile towers installed on their rooftops.An advertisement in a local Hindi newspaper on Monday invited applcations from people to get mobile towers of Airtel , Aircel, Docomo and Uninor installed in their places. The advertisement offered Rs 40,000 monthly rent and Rs 55 lakh as advance payment to the landlord. Similarly, another advertisement offered Rs 60,000 monthly rent and Rs 70 lakh as advance payment. Almost all Hindi dailies are full of such advertisements everyday.Guddu Bhakata in Dhanbad is one such customer. \"I have contacted several companies and I am in the process of getting the towers installed after financial deals are agreed upon.\"Ranchi Municipal Corporation deputy chief executive officer said none of these mobile towers follow the norms. In Ranchi, the RMC has identified over 200 such illegal mobile towers. \"The temptation of making quick bucks drives people to get mobile towers installed in a hurry. They do not even bother to adhere to the rules. Now it is time for them to face the music,\" said a senior RMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472250", "title": "Watchman arrested for attempting to rape minor", "text": "PUNE: The Kondhwa police on Sunday arrested the watchman of a plush society at Indiranagar in Hadapsar for allegedly attempting to rape a six-year-old girl inside a lift.Sub-inspector R B Karbhari told TOI that the incident took place on Sunday around 3.30 pm, when the girl was returning to her uncle's flat after playing on the premises of the society. \"The girl is a resident of Kothrud. Her parents had dropped her at her uncle's house in Handewadi as they had gone out of station.\"According to the police, Kabir Adik Sakat (21) of Satara, currently staying at Handewadi, was on the duty of attending to the lift of the society. \"When the victim entered the lift, Sakat attempted to rape her. When she reached home, the victim informed her uncle about the incident,\" Karbhari said.The victim's uncle rushed down with her and called all the watchmen in the society, Karbhari said. \"The girl identified Sakat and her uncle immediately informed the police about the incident. We have arrested Sakat under section 376 (rape) of the Indian Penal Code following a complaint lodged by the girl's uncle,\" he added.Karbhari said that Sakat was an employee of a private security company. He was working in the society for the past two years.Sakat was produced before the court and remanded in police custody till December 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17472522", "title": "Jaganmohan case: Babus blame YSR cabinet for GOs", "text": "HYDERABAD: While all the six ministers who were directed by the Supreme Court in the Y S Jaganmohan Reddy assets case maintained that there was no wrongdoing on their part in issuing the controversial 26 GOs that allegedly enriched the Jagan firms, the 8 IAS officers notified by the apex court said that they issued the GOs only after they were cleared by the cabinet. They filed separate affidavits in the apex court on Monday to this effect.The ministers in their affidavits said that the decisions of persons like Nimmagadda Prasad to buy Sandur Power shares or entities like India Cements buying shares in Jagan's Bharati Cements are commercial decisions and that they have got nothing to do with such deals. The apex court had sought the replies of the 6 ministers and 8 IAS officers following a petition by a Nellore advocate Sudhakar Reddy.Srilakshmi seeks time to file affidavitThe ministers who were served the notices are Kanna Lakshminarayana , Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, Sabita Indra Reddy, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, J Geetha Reddy and Dharmana Prasada Rao. The IAS officers who were given notices include CVSK Sarma, SV Prasad, Y Srilakshmi, B Sam Bob, K Ratna Prabha, Adityanath Das, M Samuel and Manmohan Singh. While CVSK Sarma and Ratna Prabha had filed their affidavits earlier, five officials filed their affidavits on Monday.\"Stating that such exemptions would adversely affect the revenue of the state, I had even recorded my objections to the same,\" she said in her affidavit. However,the matter was referred to the state cabinet which ultimately granted the exemptions and this resulted in the issuance of GO Ms No 1435 on December 4, 2008, Ratna Prabha said.The ministers reportedly maintained in their affidavits that theirs was a collective responsibility of the cabinet and that all the decisions were taken in pursuit of their goal to take the state forward industrially.The IAS officers maintained that the contention of the petitioner that the IAS officers are being spared by the CBI was negated due to the arrest of Srilakshmi and BP Acharya and the naming of Samuel, Manmohan Singh and others as accused in the Vanpic case, and sought the dismissal of the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17470086", "title": "Conductor killed by neighbour", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old bus conductor was murdered by his neighbour in Amberpet on Monday morning.The victim was identified as Upendrachari from Shankar Nagar in Amberpet. Chari used to work as a conductor at APSRTC Barkatpura depot.At about 10.30 am, Chari was walking on the road near his house when a neighbour, Mohan Yadav, struck him on the head with a stick. \"Yadav dealt a powerful blow on Chari's head leading to a skull fracture. With the severe blow, Chari died on the spot and Yadav fled from there,\" Amberpet inspector A Srinivas said.During preliminary probe, police discovered that Chari and Yadav, a milk vendor, were active members of the local Nalla Pochamma temple committee. Of late, Yadav had developed a grudge against Chari due to his growing popularity among other committee members. \"We suspect that jealousy was the reason behind the murder, but the facts will come to light only after Yadav's arrest,\" the inspector said.Immediately after the gruesome daylight murder, panicked passersby ran helter-skelter and shop-keepers pulled their shutters down. It was only after police shifted the body to Gandhi Hospital for a post-mortem, the situation became normal in the area. Police booked a case against Yadav under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and launched a man-hunt to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471241", "title": "Glitches galore at film festival", "text": "PANAJI: The 43rd International Film Festival of India (Iffi) was expected to be a special affair as it celebrated 100 years of Indian cinema. But the festival saw more than its fair share of glitches.The disappointment began at the inaugural ceremony on November 20, where Bollywood star and chief guest Akshay Kumar failed to speak about the long and memorable centenary Indian cinema had left behind and concentrated his speech to the career of his father-in-law Rajesh Khanna.Even as Iffi 2012 was attempting to celebrate and showcase Indian cinema, and not just Hindi films, popular Bollywood numbers kept blaring through loudspeakers fitted at the venue and Hindi films were screened constantly on two screens at the Old GMC complex and Inox courtyard.The new addition Chai and Chat got off to a good start with Kabir Bedi and Vinay Patak drawing a comparison between theatre and cinema for delegates, but it did not sustain beyond three sessions for reasons unknown. One of the days saw the Chai and Chat session being rescheduled three times during the day, before it was finally held. As the days progressed, the number of delegates grew thinner at the venue and security guards seemed to get lax as children below 18 years could be seen moving around freely with their parents at the festival venue. In one case, a delegate was even seen walking around the venue with her pet dog in tow.And though the festival organizers were expecting all 13,000 delegates registered to attend Iffi 2012, they somehow seemed to run out of bags meant to hold the festival literature when less than 5,000 delegates eventually turned up.The customized khadi bags to be distributed to delegates did not arrive until the last three days and when they did finally arrive only a handful of delegates could collect them with counters kept open only for just two hours from 3pm to 5pm, with little regard for delegates attending screenings at the time.The promised beach screenings too failed to make the grand comeback they promised to make at Iffi 2012 at different venues across Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471406", "title": "Zee editors denied bail for 2nd time in a week", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the second time in less than a week, a trial court on Monday dismissed the bail applications of the two Zee group editors arrested for allegedly trying to extort Rs 100 crore from Congress MP Naveen Jindal's firm.Metropolitan magistrate Rajinder Singh on Monday dismissed the bail pleas, saying Zee News head Sudhir Chaudhary and Zee Business editor Samir Ahluwalia had not given any new grounds for their release on bail after their earlier plea was rejected on November 28. The two editors will now have to move a higher court for bail.Move higher court for bail: MagistrateInvestigation is at a preliminary stage and there is no change of facts and circumstances since November 28...and no fresh ground has come up to release them on bail. Hence, in my considered opinion, the bail (plea) is dismissed,\" the court said while dismissing bail pleas of two Zee group editors. The metropolitan magistrate said the two editors would now have to move a higher court for bail.During the hearing, special public prosecutor Rajiv Mohan argued that the two accused had no right to move a fresh bail plea as a similar application under section 437 of CrPC had been dismissed by a magistrate.Mohan argued the two editors should not be given bail as they were involved in criminally extorting money from Jindal Steel and Power Limited and have also abused the freedom of speech and expression granted to the press under Article 19 of the Constitution. The two had been booked for non-bailable offences and hence can't be released on bail, Mohan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17470380", "title": "Skilled labour deficit will be 5.12 million by 2015", "text": "JAIPUR: The state is facing a double whammy with urban unemployment in manufacturing sector being among the highest and facing the acute shortage of skilled manpower. To bridge the gap, the state has initiated some innovative schemes like recruiting 30 management graduates to oversee public delivery system in districts. Recently it also announced internship programme for students from elite colleges with attractive remuneration. However, these efforts are minuscule in reducing the shortage of skilled workforce.According to state government officials the skilled labour force deficit will cumulatively stand at 5.12 million in Rajasthan by 2015. Against this, the state has a meagre 1.5% workforce in the age group of 16-20 that has obtained vocational training through certified courses. This is much lower as compared to the national figure of 5%.\"There is a huge gap and we are aware of it. The government is making all efforts to bridge the gap. Corporate houses should come forward in imparting vocational training to the youth,\" said a senior official of labour and employment department.Adding to the woes the annual 'Employment and Unemployment Survey 2011-12' indicates that 484 people out of every 1,000 who are employed are completely illiterate. The illiteracy levels are higher among the males, 722 out of 1000 against 203 for females have no primary education.In April 2012, a report submitted by the ICRA (a credit ratings agency) revealed that there are 32 prominent sectors in the state which are facing acute skilled labour shortage. \"Gems and jewellery, hospitality, construction, IT and ITES are some of the sectors where we are expected to face huge paucity of manpower. Government needs to seriously focus on training and skill development among people in these sectors,\" said Dilip Chenoy, CEO, National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC).But the government is not serious about the issue and the process of skill development is moving at a snail's pace. In the last six years, the government provided training to only 72,000 people. However, officials claim that hey are taking proactive measures in providing skilled labour to the industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17474170", "title": "No vertical limits for Thiruvananthapuram's builders", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The skyrocketing land prices in cities have prompted the builders to go further vertical. By 2015, Thiruvananthapuram will literally turn to a city of 'vertical residences' with at least a dozen of 20-plus-storey residential skyscrapers and nearly 1,000 flats in them.The tallest among the high rises will be iPARK Apartments, a 36-floor residential tower being constructed by Nikunjam Construction (P) Ltd, 1 km away from Technopark on NH 47. The tower with 108.5 m height and a helipad on top will stand tall as the second tallest residential building in the state. A construction project worth Rs 50 crore, it will have 135 flats apart from eight duplexes.\"The USP is height. iPARK will be the landmark for quite sometime in future for sure. It will have an infinity pool on its 28th floor, the first-of-its-kind in the state. One can also experience the skywalk on the same floor. The sprawling two acres will have adequate space for car parking (1.3 per apartment),\" says CEO and MD of Nikunjam S Krishnakumar.The reason to reach out for the sky is simple. \"After the trend of location and amenities, height is the new business mantra. It's not just a lifestyle statement for the flat owner, but an answer to the shortage of land in cities for the builders,\" says Saji Thomas, general manager, Heera Group, who has been into real estate business for the past two decades.Heera Group, rather called Heera Homes, has six projects under construction and has plans for 20-plus-storey.\"Along with international luxury standards, we also want to arrange a high-view experience for the residents. Almost all our buyers have experienced a high-rise living abroad or in other cities in the past. They will be able to enjoy much better living conditions in Thiruvananthapuram,\" hopes Thomas.Skyline Foundations and Structures (SFS) Pvt Ltd.'s Cyber Palms near Technopark with a B+G+19 floors is another project nearing completion. Cyber Palms is a five-tower township with international amenities like squash court, party area, movie lounge, guests suits, barbecue area apart from all normal facilities provided by builders.At the same time, Artech Realtors Pvt Ltd.'s Meenakshi, being constructed opposite Trivandrum Club and a 22-storey edifice, will be the tallest residential tower inside the city.\"The most exclusive residential apartment complex inside the city, Meenakshi will be a go-and-get-it home for height lovers. Though inside the city, we have not compromised on anything and we are promising health club, swimming pool, furnished guest suite, landscaped garden, video door phone, automatic gate opening, toddlers' park and car washing facility apart from normal facilities,\" said Dinesh Balakrishnan, general manager, business development, Artech Realtors Pvt Ltd.High living, however, will come at a high price as all the projects in Thiruvananthapuram is planned and marketed as premium projects. But, the additional expense when compared to other residential flats can be compensated with cleaner air, minimum sound pollution, a great surrounding view and above everything, a high status lifestyle.The normal concerns that may be raised by buyers about high rises normally are parking spaces, quality of elevator to climb all the floors, power back up, safety against fire, earthquake, lightning, wind blows, etc.\"Well, we are using high quality infrastructural material used by international builders. It took two years to complete the work of 110 piles alone that are 47 m deep. The lifts will cover 2.5 m/sec - the fastest in the state. All such safety and environmental concerns are answered technologically,\" adds Nikunjam Krishnakumar.Interestingly, majority of the units in all the ongoing high rise projects have already been booked. \"They provide all amenities of international standard. Also, isn't it something really special when you just say the flat name and people recognizes it instantly,\" asks Amit Shankaran, who has booked a flat in one of the high rises.As the shortage of land can never be answered and the population steadily increasing, more sky high houses will definitely come for sure, according to builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17473216", "title": "10 killed as minibus hits KSRTC bus near Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Ten persons, including five women and a 13-year-old girl, were killed when the minibus they were travelling in collided head on with a KSRTC bus on the outskirts of Bangalore on Monday evening.The accident happened at Shivapura Cross, on Nandagudi Main Road, near Hoskote in Bangalore Rural district around 7pm.The accident spot is about 40 km from the city, according to police.The injured were rushed to the Hoskote General Hosiptal and MVJ Medical College Hospital. The condition of three of the injured passengers is critical, police said.Eyewitnesses told police that the minibus was overloaded and overspeeding. There were at least 35 people , most of them workers from the Pillagumpe industrial area.The minibus was headed from Hoskote towards H Cross on a state highway.\"Driver Mahadev tried to overtake a lorry when the minibus collided head on with the KSRTC bus,\" one of the injured told police. The KSRTC bus was coming from Chintamani and headed towards Hoskote.Teams from Hoskote and Nandagudi police stations rushed to the spot on hearing the news and had a tough time in disentangling the vehicles and extricating the bodies from the mangled remains of the minibus.The accident brought traffic to a standstill for over an hour.A huge crowd of onlookers from neighbouring villages and the evening drizzle added to the chaos.The dead passengers were identified as Ramappa , Kempanna and Narayanappa (all from Boosanahalli in Chikkaballapur ); Lokesh; driver Mahadev; Dilshaad, Pavitra from Nandagudi; Gowramma; Radha and 13-year-old Pushpa from Turagal near Hoskote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472058", "title": "Vaghela shocks Deshmukh in Rd 1", "text": "MUMBAI: Second seed Sahil Deshmukh crashed out of the boys under-18 event in the CCI-ITF junior boys and girls tennis championship, losing his opening round match to Indian compatriot Vidit Vaghela in straight sets at the CCI courts on Monday. Deshmukh, ranked 290 in the world among juniors, was no match for Vaghela as he lost 2-6 , 5-7 .Narrow win for Nobody SCNobody SC dished out a narrow 1-0 win against Hockey Santacruz in a Division III match of the MHAL league, played at the MHAL Stadium, Churchgate.Don Bosco bag titleDon Bosco, Matunga bagged top honours in the 12thAmalendu Roye memorial inter-school football tournament for boys' under-16. They defeated St Augustine, Nerul, at the MSSA ground by a lone goal scored by Marc D'Souza in the 10th minute of the second half.Earlier in the playoff for third place, Jamanabai Narsee beat St.Xavier's Fort 1-0 by a goal scored by Thapa Vasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17472625", "title": "Burney writes to Pak PM, president condemning temple demolition", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan's former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney has shot off letters to Pakistan's prime minister and president seeking immediate action against the real estate builder on whose behest the century-old Sri Rama Pir temple in Karachi was demolished on Saturday.Talking to TOI over phone from Karachi, Burney said that it was a case of blasphemy and government of Pakistan should deal with iron hand against the persons responsible for demolition of the temple.Karachi based President of Pak Hindu Seva Trust, Sanjesh S Dhanja said that there was great disappointment among Hindus of Pakistan following demolition of temple. \"I wonder that despite stay orders, how could anyone demolish the temple?,\" he questioned, adding that Hindus of Pakistan believed in police and judiciary of the country.Delhi Minorities Commission has also condemned demolition of the temple and has demanded from Pakistan government to reconstruct the temple to restore confidence among the minority Hindu community in Pakistan. Chairman, Delhi Minorities Commission, Safdar H Khan said that razing of a religious place of any community was the most deplorable act. Khan, who is also vice-president of India Islamic Cultural Center said that he would write to Pakistan high commission to express his resentment and would also demand reconstruction of the temple by Pakistan government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17475054", "title": "2 lakh schoolteachers go on strike", "text": "BHOPAL: Demanding equal pay for equal work, around two lakh school teachers went on strike across the state from Monday. The strike would be held till December 5.In support of two-point demand of the Adhyapak Sanyukta Morcha, the teachers went on strike from Monday. The teachers held demonstration at MP Nagar crossing to protest against the school education department.Though the strike was successful across the state with more than 50,000 schools remaining closed, the bandh did not have much effect in the state capital. Monday was a local holiday in Bhopal in memory of gas victims. Most government schools will remain closed on Tuesday and Wednesday.On the other hand, schools at places near Bhopal like Berasia and Phanda blocks were also closed.Coordinator of Adhyapak Sanyukta Morcha, Murlidhar Patidhar said, \"There has been no communication from the government's side regarding our demands. Education minister's PA Girish Shinde said the officials were instructed to fulfil their demands. However, officials deny any such thing.\"\"Teachers are receiving lesser wages for their work. Previously, the government was forewarned that in case the wages were not increased, strike would continue. In case there is no action till December 5, then teachers would stage protests in the state capital,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474610", "title": "Nasriya Nasim has a long way to go", "text": "Nasriya Nasim is reigning not only in Mollywood but in Kollywood too. The 16 year old girl started her career as a child artist and now she is a full fledged actress in demand. She got a chance to work in Tamil film after 'Neeram' which was released in two languages.Her upcoming project is Thirumanam Ennum Nikkah .Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17474980", "title": "Farmer gunned down, charred body found", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified persons shot dead a farmer and tried to burn his body in Tikamgarh district on Monday morning. The incident took place at around 7 am at Rampura village under Dagoda police station in the district.The deceased has been identified as Mulayam Yadav, 32. The partially charred body was found in the field of one Sitaram Yadav, the police said. A country made firearm was also recovered from the spot.Mulayam, his family claimed, had left home at 5 am.\"We got a call from villagers about the body around 9 am. Investigations are on to ascertain the cause of murder,\" Deepak Verma, Tikkamgarh district SP told TOI. Prima facie a land dispute is suspected. Suspect Sitaram Yadav is being interrogated, SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17474893", "title": "'Don't let any city become Bhopal of Dec 3, 1984'", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has exhorted people to take a pledge that no city will be allowed to become Bhopal of December 3, 1984. Factories polluting atmosphere are not needed. He was addressing a condolence meeting to mark the 28th anniversary of Bhopal gas tragedy at Barkatullah Bhavan, Central Library here on Monday.He said efforts for the rehabilitation of victims' rehabilitation and ensuring justice to them will be continued. He said injuries inflicted by the gas tragedy 28 years ago are still to be healed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471947", "title": "Lanco begins supply of 300 MW power to Madhya Pradesh", "text": "RAIPUR: Lanco Amarkantak thermal power station, of Chhattisgarh has started supply of 300 MW power to the power starved neighbouring state of Madhya Pradesh from Monday. The company had received formal approval from Madhya Pradesh electricity regulatory commission (MPERC) on December 1 for supply of power to the state.The pricing of the power supplied from Lanco, an issue that proved to be an irritant in the past, has also been ratified by the power trading corporation (PTC) and agreed by both the MP government and the company.Lanco Infratech Limited (LITL), the integrated infrastructure corporation has entered into a long-term sale of 300 MW power from its unit 1 of Lanco Amarkantak thermal power station to MP.Earlier, a dispute over power purchase agreement (PPA) signed between the company and the MP government in 2005 had proved to be a stumbling block in power supply. The dispute led to MP black-listing Lanco. The longstanding imbroglio was recently resolved with MP power management company (MPPMC), representing the state distribution companies, PTC and Lanco coming together to reach a settlement on October 16.L Madhusudhan Rao, chairman, LITL said, \"The revised PPA benefits MP with the supply of 300 MW of power on a long-term basis at one of the lowest tariffs in the region determined as per CERC regulations. We are sure that this will ensure uninterrupted power supply to the state.\"In a related development, on November 30, MP government also withdrew the company from the list of black listed companies, thus enabling Lanco group companies to participate in all government projects in the state with immediate effect.Lanco is currently operating the 2 x 300 MW power plant in Amarkantak near Pathadi village in Korba district in Chhattisgarh. The domestic coal based plant, utilizes coal from nearby mines of south eastern coalfields limited (SECL). Lanco Infratech is one of the largest private sector IPPs in India having an operating capacity of 4740 MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475596", "title": "HDFC bank official's house burgled", "text": "INDORE: A bank official's house was burgled while he was away to see-off his relative at the railway station on Monday night. The thief has escaped with valuables worth lakhs.The investigating officer YS Sengar said the thieves broke open the house of Raghunath Reddy, resident of Saket Nagar who is an employee of the HDFC bank . The incident had taken place between 8.15 pm and 9.15 pm when Raghunath along with his family members went to drop his relative to the railway station. But on his return, he found the light in his porch switched off and the moment he opened the opened the lock and entered his house he figured something amiss.Reddy who is a deputy vice president at the bank, said, \"My relative was going to Hyderabad and we all went to drop her at the railway station. As soon as we returned and opened the lock to the main gate, we noticed the grill of the window broken and things strewn all across.\"\"I immediately informed police about the incident and they arrived with a forensic team. We found that the thieves had escaped with 15 tola gold and Rs 30,000 in cash. Even the camera was missing,\" he added.According to Reddy, the thieves had also tried to open his daughter's room but failed. Police have registered a case and investigating it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17474950", "title": "Vidyanagar's green lung gasping for a makeover", "text": "HUBLI: The park in Vidyanagar could have had everything going for it, if only the authorities had maintained it. Located among some of the leading educational institutions in the city, it could have been the idyllic place for youngsters to meet and take walks or jog to keep themselves fit.The park hardly has any visitors, thanks to the unkempt lawns and eroded jogging track.Situated in front of Vidyanagar main road, the park was developed in 2005 spending Rs 8 lakh. It had some statues and colourful fountains around it. Now the entire area is covered withgarbage and wild bushes.Prabhakar Mulimani, resident of Vidyanagar, who used to come for morning walks to the park says: \"It was one of the prestigious gardens in Hubli city. But in the absence of maintenance the garden is full of weeds. The walking track, lawn and benches are all damaged.\"Lalita Chennammanavar, another resident of the area, said that authorities are taking the easy way to clean the park--- by burning the lawn and bushes. \"But in the process beautiful flowering trees and plants are being destroyed,\" she rues.HS Naregal, special officer. HDMC, told TOI that the park is being maintained by the horticulture department.\"Earlier, the garden was maintained by a residential association of the area. We are planning to call tenders for the maintenance of the garden and the commissioner will finalize the tender calling process soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17474811", "title": "SP stalls Question Hour in Rajya Sabha over arrest of Muslim youth on false terror charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party on Tuesday stalled the Question Hour in Rajya Sabha demanding release of \"innocent\" Muslim youth arrested on false terror charges across the country.Soon after the House mourned the death of 110 people in a fire at a garment factory near Dhaka last month, Naresh Agrawal (SP) rose to say he has given a notice for suspension of Question Hour to discuss the issue.Chairman Hamid Ansari said the issue can be raised after Question Hour but SP members were unrelenting and started raising slogans.\"Nirdosh Muslim ladko ko riha karo, riha karo (release innocent Muslim youth),\" they shouted.As Ansari did not permit them to raise the matter, they rushed into the Well and kept chanting slogans.Within a few minutes of uproar, he adjourned the House till noon.Earlier, when the House met for the day, Ansari referred to the Bangladesh factory fire and expressed deep condolence to the families of the bereaved.\"People of India stand by the people of Bangladesh in their hour of grief,\" he said after which the House observed a minutes silence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475215", "title": "Dolly Bindra approached for Nach Baliye!", "text": "It's a brand new season of Nach Baliye that's coming to TV screens after a four year hiatus on Star Plus.With season 5, Celebrity couples who have been approached this season include names like Rahul and Dimpy Mahajan, Mahesh Manjrekar and his wife Medha, Neelu Vaghela and her husband Mazhar Nawab to name a few.Star couples have been finalized and the promos will soon play on air, one by one.The latest news is that TV personality and film actress Dolly Bindra (who became famous with Bigg Boss 4) has been approached along with her husband Kaizaad Kermani.Sources inform that Dolly however has turned down the offer as she feels her husband cannot dance. Sources also inform that Dolly who has been approached for the earlier seasons too, is more interested in anchoring/judging the show.When contacted, Dolly remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470481", "title": "Land transfer fee slashed", "text": "KOLKATA: To encourage builders to set up more multi-storied commercial establishments, the urban development department has reduced the fees for transferring non-residential leasehold land in Salt Lake. The move is expected to augment revenues for the government, which is also planning to increase the floor area ratio (FAR) to allow developers more built-up space.The department issued the notification on November 26. \"Earlier, the fees charged were 50% of the market value and not much response was coming in for transfer of non-residential land. Now, it has been revised to Rs 3 lakh per cottah for industrial land and Rs 6 lakh per cottah for commercial land,\" said urban development secretary Debashis Sen. The transfer fee for residential plots is Rs 5 lakh per cottah.After deciding to legalise plot transfer in Salt Lake , the government had fixed a transfer fee of Rs 17 lakh per cottah for commercial plots. However, the fee was proving to be high as no response was coming from lease holders to transfer the rights.The urban development department has so far received around 80 applications from residents who want to transfer their leasehold plot. A plot in AE Block has already been transferred following the new legal procedure and the process of transferring the lease rights of another 10 to 15 residential plots is on.The issue of revising and increasing the FAR for the entire state is under consideration in the state cabinet. The proposal may be passed shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471324", "title": "Government eases visa norms for tourists", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has eased restrictions on tourist visas which had mandated a two-month gap between consecutive visits by foreign nationals.However, nationals of Afghanistan, China, Iran, Pakistan, Iraq, Sudan, Bangladesh, foreigners of Pakistani and Bangladeshi origin and \"stateless persons\" will continue to come under the 60-day gap rule. The move is likely to breathe fresh life into the tourism industry and comes just ahead of the peak tourist season. India's share of international tourist arrivals in 2011 was a mere 0.64%.Fall in tourist inflow led to govt rethinkThe tourist visa restriction, which was relaxed on Monday, was introduced in November 2009 in the aftermath of the Mumbai terror attacks when it was found that Pakistani-American David Coleman Headley had succeeded in breaching security norms to visit India several times over a period of 3-4 years.A decision to review the visa restrictions was taken by the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) in January 2012 after concerns were raised by the tourism ministry that the negative perception following the move had affected flow of tourists to India.The PMO had asked the ministries of home and external affairs to review the restrictions, including the possibility of bringing in more countries under the visa-on-arrival scheme and improving conditions at major airports.The order dated November 23 issued by the ministry of home affairs said, \"The provision relating to the two-month gap between two visits of a foreign national to India on a tourist visa has been reviewed by the government. It has now been decided... to lift the restriction of two-month gap on re-entry of foreign nationals coming to India.''According to latest data, foreign tourist arrivals this year till October showed a marginal increase of 6.2% compared to last year. Tourist arrivals till October were 52.19 lakh.Foreign exchange earnings from January 2012 to October 2012 were Rs 74,215 crore with a growth of 22.1% over last year when earnings were Rs 60,780 crore. Industry watchers are hoping that lifting of the 60-day restriction will encourage foreign tourists to visit India and use it as a hub while visiting southeast Asia and neighbouring countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "serampore (hooghly)", "code": "17470335", "title": "Restorers convince encroachers to shift", "text": "Serampore (Hooghly): Two outsiders have done what our government very often finds difficult to achieve - to convince encroachers to make room for a task undertaken for greater good. The latter, in this case, is an ambitious heritage preservation project.The restoration of the South Gate of the Serampore subdivisional court compound has been planned as part of the conservation of the built heritage of Serampore supported by the National Museum of Denmark (NMD). Conservation architect Flemming Aalund (57) and historian Simon Rasten (30), here to work on the project along with the West Bengal Heritage Commission (WBHC), have been camping in Serampore for a couple of weeks, soaking in the ambience and talking a lot to locals. They will return in February next year.The hours of discourse between the two temporary residents of Serampore College campus and the local chair-wallah and bidi-sellers have been fruitful. When they were asked to attend a presentation by the Danish citizens on Saturday, along with a host of administrative officials, none stayed away. Subdivisional officer Jayasree Dasgupta translated the presentation in Bengali for their benefit. \"We shall find alternate space for all of you. After the conservation is over, the entire area will turn into a tourist hub. And then, your businesses will prosper move than ever,\" she explained to them.Dasgupta then handed over the microphone to Kalua Prasad, who has been running a bidi shop in front of the South Gate for 35 years. \"The sahibs (Aalund and Rasten) have told us about the project. We'll be happy to be a part of it and would move to the alternative sites to set up our shops,\" said Prasad.\"We are now concentrating on the South Gate, which is currently used as a public toilet and is also a criminals' den. The structure has been condemned by PWD after a part of it collapsed,\" said Auland. \"The South Gate building, which was constructed in early 19th, has high heritage value as part of the Indo-Danish heritage. The gate provided access to the Danish Government Compound from the south,\" he added.\"The South gate has been reduced to ruins, but the details are still there and it will be a challenge to restore it,\" said Rasten. \"So we decided to convince the shop-keepers about the worth of the project. They are simple people and easily understood the need to protect the past,\" he said.The duo has picked up Bengali words like \"esho (come here), jao (go) and dhanyabad (thank you) from the shop-keepers.There are rooms in the South Gate which are used as godowns, said Shuvaprasanna, the chairman of WBHC. \"The interaction was necessary because the locals have to be taken into confidence before any work like this is initiated.\"The restoration of the South Gate will have a bearing on the former Danish Government House, improving the immediate surroundings and restoring dignity to the court compound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475427", "title": "Gunjan Pant turns film producer", "text": "With her 'girl next door' characters Gunjan Pant has turned into 'Most Favourite Actress' of the industry. And now she is ready to put another title to her name, i.e, of a film producer. Yes ! you read it right. Gunjan Pant has decided to turn into a producer too for betterment of the Bhojpuri film industry. Gunjan recently announced the name of her upcoming film as a producer, 'Munni Badnaam Hoil Saiyaan Tohre Khatir'. Deepal Dubey and Rani Chatterjee will play lead roles in the movie.\"I am not going to act in this movie but that does not mean that I'll stop acting in movies. My film will be complete entertainer and I am going to stress more on the music,\" said Gunjan.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472823", "title": "Rohan: Drawn towards conservation", "text": "NAGPUR: Youngsters are often blamed for being indifferent to the changes happening around them. It is not very difficult to label them as the ones lost in the web of technological advancement and its comfort, forgetting the warmth of nature. But breaking these cliches is Rohan Chakravarty who has succeeded in using the tools of technology for nature's benefit and won the Sanctuary Asia Young Naturalist Award 2012.A dentist by qualification, an animation designer by profession and a cartoonist by passion, Rohan expresses his love and concern for nature and wildlife through his art. He is an active blogger and continues to wow his followers of his blog and Facebook page with cartoons about forests and environment.\"Though I might be a qualified dentist, conservation is my real calling and luckily I found that when I was still a student. I have always been madly in love with wilderness, but it was on World Environment Day in 2005, that my real passion for the natural world was triggered. I had been to Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary and I saw a gorgeous female tigress having a bath in one of the water holes. The effect of that trip was profound on the course of my life,\" said Rohan.Within a few months, Rohan found himself buried in books, TV shows and documentaries on wildlife, volunteering for Kids for Tiger and even founding with seven of his friends a nature club that ran for a brief period of three years. \"The more I read and saw, the more I became aware of the threats to conservation of a multitude of endangered life forms. It was only natural for me to start depicting my thoughts as cartoons,\" he said.He said that though he had started drawing cartoons on civic issues, he found it much easier to communicate his thoughts through funny animal characters. \"My brother suggested that I start a blog for my cartoons and that's how I started Green Humour in January 2009,\" he said. Though he is not trained professionally, Rohan has received a number of awards for his work including the UNDP and French Ministry of Foreign Affairs' international cartoon contest, 'Climate Change in the Asia-Pacific- A People's Perspective', held in February 2012\"More than an award, it is a responsibility that Sanctuary Asia has conferred upon youngsters like us, and I will strive to live up to it. I am thankful for not only identifying but also promoting cartoons as a tool for conservation and awareness, and for believing in my art,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17471760", "title": "Jewellery worker murdered", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ganesh Majhi, a jewellery worker at a unit in Manek Chowk, was murdered on Sunday night. The victim, said Danilimda police, stayed at the jewellery making unit where he worked and had migrated to the city from his hometown in Bihar only recently.On Sunday night, Ganesh's body was found with four stab wounds in his chest near Prince Hotel close to Narol Circle. Danilimda police have registered an offence of murder against unknown persons in this regard. Factory owner, Bashis Samant, 30, a resident of Vatva was intimated by a passerby.Somebody had intimated Samant from Ganesh's mobile phone about Ganesh's body lying by the roadside in a pool of blood. The passersby had taken the victim's mobile phone and had called Samant because his name was in the phonebook of the mobile.However, by the time Samant reached the spot, Ganesh was already dead. He then intimated the police control room and a team of Danilimda police rushed to the spot. Police officials of Danilimda said:Police has got the call record of Ganesh's mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17474753", "title": "Rajya Sabha adjourned over quota in promotions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Rajya Sabha was disrupted on Tuesday over differences on the bill for reservation in job promotions.As soon as the house met at 11am, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) members were on their feet, demanding the passage of a constitutional amendment bill to provide reservation in job promotions.Samajwadi Party (SP) MPs were, meanwhile, protesting against the bill.Amid the din, the house was adjourned till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471730", "title": "Bihar School Examination Board fetes 37 Class X, XII toppers", "text": "PATNA: Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB )on Monday felicitated the toppers of matriculation and intermediate of 2012, on the occasion of the birthday of first President of India, Dr Rajendra Prasad. While the students who got first rank in the respective classes were given Rs 15,000 each, others were given Rs 10,000 each. The first rankers were also given laptops.At matriculation level, Navya Yadav of Dhanushdhari Sarvodaya Higher Secondary School, Patna , who had got the first rank, and Priti Soni of Dr. NCS Girls School, Ara, who had stood second, were among those felicitated. At the inter level, Sandeep Kumar Choubey of SHB College, East Champaran, was honoured for coming out with flying colours in Arts stream. Reeta Kumari, Priyanka Choudhari and Vinod Kumar of BR College, Kiratpur, Vaishali, who had brought laurels to their school in the same stream, were felicitated. Piyush Kumar, Ram Pravesh Kumar and Ila Kumari of SS 108 MRJDI College, Begusarai, were feted for performing excellently in Science stream. In commerce stream, Prashant Kumar of Gaya College and Ranvir Sahay of Gaya Evening College had stood as toppers and were felicitated.Urs Line Convent Girls Higher Secondary School, Purnia, and SS Girls Higher Secondary School, Araria, were among the 38 best performing schools at the district level.In all, 18 matric passouts who had bagged the top 10 ranks, seven Inter passouts of Arts stream, five students of science stream, six students of commerce stream and one of business studies were felicitated at the function.Earlier, addressing the students, vice-chancellor of Central University of Bihar Janak Pandey, who was the chief guest, asked them to properly utilize their time like Dr Rajendra Prasad if they wanted to achieve success like him. He said like Dr Prasad, students should have the guts to convert challenges into opportunity and then only their talent could be recognized. BSEB chairman Rajmani Prasad presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17474840", "title": "Lanco begins supply of 300 MW power to MP", "text": "RAIPUR: Lanco Amarkantak thermal power station, of Chhattisgarh has started supply of 300 MW power to the power starved neighbouring state of Madhya Pradesh from Monday. The company had received formal approval from Madhya Pradesh electricity regulatory commission (MPERC) on December 1 for supply of power to the state.The pricing of the power supplied from Lanco, an issue that proved to be an irritant in the past, has also been ratified by the power trading corporation (PTC) and agreed by both the MP government and the company.Lanco Infratech Limited (LITL), the integrated infrastructure corporation has entered into a long-term sale of 300 MW power from its unit 1 of Lanco Amarkantak thermal power station to MP.Earlier, a dispute over power purchase agreement (PPA) signed between the company and the MP government in 2005 had proved to be a stumbling block in power supply. The dispute led to MP black-listing Lanco. The longstanding imbroglio was recently resolved with MP power management company (MPPMC), representing the state distribution companies, PTC and Lanco coming together to reach a settlement on October 16.L Madhusudhan Rao, chairman, LITL said, \"The revised PPA benefits MP with the supply of 300 MW of power on a long-term basis at one of the lowest tariffs in the region determined as per CERC regulations. We are sure that this will ensure uninterrupted power supply to the state.\"In a related development, on November 30, MP government also withdrew the company from the list of black listed companies, thus enabling Lanco group companies to participate in all government projects in the state with immediate effect.For Lanco, it not only assures off take of power in the long run but also satisfies the pre-requisite to receive linkage coal from SECL via long term Fuel Supply Agreement (FSA) as per the recent policy of Ministry of Coal and CIL . Further, the revised PPA provides for a pass-through of energy (fuel) charges, and also enables Lanco to procure alternate fuel supplies such as e-Auction or imported coal in case of short-supply from SECL and receive the fuel charge at actuals.Lanco is currently operating the 2 x 300 MW power plant in Amarkantak near Pathadi village in Korba district in Chhattisgarh. The domestic coal based plant, utilizes coal from nearby mines of south eastern coalfields limited (SECL). Lanco Infratech is one of the largest private sector IPPs in India having an operating capacity of 4740 MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471042", "title": "Traders ask SP, BSP to vote against FDI in retail", "text": "LUCKNOW: Under the banner of Adarsh Vyapar Mandal, 14 traders, on Monday, marched towards Vidhan Sabha to insist SP and BSP to vote against the FDI in retail in the parliament. The march was symbolic of 2014 Lok Sabha electionThe traders have given a warning that if these parties don't vote against 'FDI in retail' in the parliament, they would avenge it in the upcoming polls.State president of the association Sanjay Gupta said, \"Both parties have been keeping mum on the issue. Despite saying many times that they oppose FDI in retail, they have never come out in the open to oppose it. Their actual game plan would only be revealed during the session and its voting process.\" If both of them do not vote against the FDI move, we would never vote for them. This is the best time when they can show that they stick to their guns, he added.One of protesting traders said, \"We want that Mulayam and Mayawati should show their cards now as they have been fiddling with their status for quite some time now. We want a clear move from them. They should vote against FDI to prove their stand. Even if they walk out of the parliament or try to disrupt the voting process, we would be able to understand their political interests and avenge this in the polls.\"There are about two crore traders and related people living in UP. Lucknow has 1.5 lakh traders and their families residing. If SP and BSP don't vote against FDI, they are sure to lose out this vote bank in 2014 elections. Traders said that both parties would play a crucial role in 2014 elections and Centre would need their support. If SP and BSP get motivated by their political interests and vote in favour of FDI, they can never win elections here, alarmed Gupta.He also warned that this was only the beginning as they have faxed their views to these party's offices and have sought appointments with their chiefs. \"If they don't take necessary action, we would stage road protests, marches and strikes in the coming days. Today was rather a peaceful protest, it would intensify in future\", he added. Adarsh Vyapar Mandal has about a lakh members in UP and 30,000 members in Lucknow alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472195", "title": "House tax will help generate funds, says Goa deputy CM", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as MC has been shirking imposition of house tax despite UT administration's insistence, the proposal found support from an unexpected quarter on Monday. Goa deputy CM and minister for urban development Francis D'souza advocated imposition of property tax and house tax in the city on Monday.|\"It will help the civic body generate its own resources instead of depending upon central grants\", he said, while speaking at the \"India Urban Development Vision 2020\" national seminar organized by the municipal corporation.Drawing a comparison between Chandigarh and Goa in terms of growing traffic, D'souza said there was a need to strengthen infrastructure in the rural periphery of cities to bring down migration to the city areas.Commenting on the lack of schemes fit for small cities, he rued that relatively smaller cities like Chandigarh and Goa are not getting benefits from the schemes being floated by the Centre, adding that the schemes might fit big states like Bihar , UP, Maharashtra and Rajasthan as the communities living there have poor infrastructure.Stating an example, D'souza said, \"Schemes for below poverty line (BPL) families launched by Centre do not suit cities like Goa and Chandigarh as it is very difficult to find a mud house here.\" As a result funds sanctioned for such schemes cannot be used for development, he added.\"There is a need to modify such norms where it is necessary. The central funded schemes should be planned while keeping their prospects in mind. Instead of planning standard schemes for all over the country the same should be planned after studying the necessity. The infrastructure requirements in Bihar, UP and Jharkhand cannot be similar to Chandigarh and Goa\", he suggested.Meanwhile, the UT advisor K K Sharma emphasized the need on capacity building in every sector. He said solid waste management is very important task for every municipality and requires proper planning. He said Chandigarh is not only a beautiful city but it is people-friendly too. It has walking facilities all along the roads in shape of footpaths and open spaces, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470663", "title": "Aadhaar can fix Kotkasim-like problems: Jairam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is Aadhaar the difference between what happened in Kotkasim and what could have been? That's the stand the government is taking, but the critics of the Unique Identification (UID) disagree.After TOI wrote on Sunday of how payment delays were threatening to undo a pilot programme in which cash is transferred to a person's account in place of the kerosene subsidy in Kotkasim, Rajasthan, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh sent TOI a detailed response on Monday. Accepting the problems pointed out by TOI\u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding delayed subsidy reimbursements and a devastating crash in kerosene sales\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Ramesh said that the Kotkasim pilot had not used the Aadhaar platform, and many of the problems it was facing could be fixed by using the Aadhaar-linked Direct Cash Transfer scheme that the government is now proposing. District collector Ashutosh Pednekar too earlier told TOI that the district administration was moving towards linking the scheme to the UID.\"Linking of Aadhaar number to kerosene beneficiary database would address the problem of duplicates and reduce leakage. The subsidy could be transferred in advance using the Aadhaar number as a financial address. Authentication devices can be deployed at the ration shop for delivery. The next instalment of subsidy can be transferred to the beneficiary bank account automatically based on electronic data of kerosene offtake,\" Ramesh said.However the minister's claims are disputed by activists opposed to cash transfers. \"The problem in Kotkasim is one of payment delays and the government is not addressing how this will be fixed,\" says Nikhil Dey of the Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan. \"They don't realize that with NREGA for example, the delays are at multiple back-end levels: it could be the engineer taking too long for the measurements, or the data entry operator,\" says Dey.In addition, the government aims to address complaints of Kotkasim's residents of having to make repeated trips to banks by deploying a \"micro-ATMs/business correspondents through an interoperable network that can ensure easy access, choice and convenience to the beneficiary to withdraw the subsidy\". Ramesh had said, \"The banking correspondent model where the banks would appoint BCs is a failed one. We're now moving into an open architecture and saying anyone can be a BC: women's SHGs or a kiranawala\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand all they need is a micro-ATM, and we are working out the compensation model.\"In Gheekaka village in Kotkasim, sarpanch Captan Singh Chaudhury is skeptical. \"There are 1000 ration cards in our village, so that means there should be 4-5000 Aadhaar cards. But only 200 have got cards. Let them include everyone and then we'll decide whether we want this system,\" he told TOI over the phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471208", "title": "Uddhav elected Sena president", "text": "MUMBAI: Uddhav Thackeray was formally elected Shiv Sena chief at a party meeting held in Matoshree on Sunday, it is learnt. He will succeed his father, the late Bal Thackeray , who died in Mumbai on November 17 after protracted illness.Senior Sena leaders, including Manohar Joshi , Subhash Desai, Sanjay Raut, Diwakar Roate, Gajanan Kiritkar, Sudhir Joshi and Ramdas Kadam, met in Thackeray's room in Matoshree to formally ratify Uddhav's election as Sena president. He has been invested with all the rights commensurate with the office of the party president, sources said.However, Uddhav will not call himself Shiv Sena pramukh, a title which his fatrher held for 46 years since the Sena's inception in 1966. In an interview to Saamna on Sunday, Uddhav said he would not use the title.The election commission will be informed about Uddhav's election as party president.-Ambarish Mishra\"We have to follow the EC procedure. Uddhav's elelction as Sena chief was only a formal exercise. Every Sainik wanted him to become Sena chief,\" said a party leader.Uddhav have begun his 12-day tour of Maharashtra with senior party leaders in toe. He will meet Shiv Sainiks and other party functionaries during his tour of western Maharashtra, Konkan and Marathwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17473112", "title": "Two killed, one injured as wall collapses in heavy rain", "text": "CHENNAI: Two women were killed and a man injured in New Washermenpet when a wall collapsed on two houses following heavy rain on Sunday night.Police said the two women, Lilly, 75, and Chithra, 50, were sleeping in adjacent houses in Pallavan Nagar. The wall of another adjacent house collapsed around 12.30am and fell on the asbestos roofs of the victims' houses. The two women were seriously injured.Lilly's daughter Irudhayamary woke up to the noise and found Lilly and her relative Chinnasamy lying under the bricks and broken asbestos sheets. Irudhayamary, who escaped unhurt, alerted neighbours. They rescued Lilly and Chinnasamy. They also rescued Chithra, who was trapped in the adjacent house.The three were taken to government Stanley medical college hospital where Lilly who had serious head injuries died in the afternoon. Chithra's condition grew worse during the day and she was shifted to government general hospital where she died. She was employed as a sweeper in Chennai Harbour. Chinnasamy who sustained injuries on his leg is undergoing treatment. Police said a second floor was being constructed next door, and the wall collapsed and fell on the two houses.\"We heard a loud noise and thought it was thunder. We realized that the wall had collapsed only when we heard the cries of the victims,\" said Venmathi, a neighbour.The bodies of Chithra and Lilly were sent for postmortem. Fishing Harbour police registered a case and are making enquiries with the house owner Kannagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471365", "title": "9 women flee 'living hell' in Mankhurd, third escape in three months", "text": "MUMBAI: Nine inmates escaped from the state-run Navjeevan Mahila Vastigruh at Mankhurd on Monday while one was caught, taking the total number of inmates who tried to escape in the last three months to 62, of whom 49 succeeded.Mankhurd police nabbed one woman, who was seriously injured on her hips and waist in the escape attempt. The injured woman, identified as Firoza Baby Kamla alias Sania, has been admitted with a fractured leg and broken hips at Shatabdi hospital. Policemen are not allowing the media to meet Sania and security guards at the home too have locked the doors and refused to talk to media. The police have registered a case under section 224 of the IPC and launched a manhunt to trace the nine inmates who escaped. Several teams have fanned out to their residences. Sources said most of them were bar workers and were rescued by the Versova police under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act.Police said the incident took place at 6.15am on Monday. \"The 10 inmates managed to cut the grill of the bathroom, from where they jumped and crossed the fencing wall in the wee hours,\" said Khalid Kaisar, additional commissioner of police (east region).Local police however said providing security to the shelter was not their responsibility. \"The home should have its own security. Our men can only provide temporary security as men are not allowed to venture inside the shelter. There is no light, no proper security inside and outside, no CCTV cameras and most importantly, no proper food. Who will not run away?\" said a senior policeman on condition of anonymity.A recent report submitted to the Bombay high court by a committee of superintendent of police Dr Rashmi Karandikar and psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty said the home was overcrowded and also found evidence to suggest that one inmate got pregnant during her stay there. Most of them showed symptoms of fear-chest pain, palpitations, anger, abnormal behaviour, a deep sense of sadness and despair, hopelessness, lack of sleep, poor appetite, aches and pains, extreme loneliness and suicidal thoughts.Criticising the abysmal living standards in the state-run institution, which is meant to house 100 women/girls but often holds 300, the report said, \"The food served was insufficient, substandard, unpalatable and non-nutritious. It had insects, worms and gravel as the grains and pulses were of poor quality. Only about 30% women received sanitary napkins.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472079", "title": "Govt takes back 3,000cr plot from builder", "text": "MUMBAI: In a first-of-its-kind verdict in the recent past, Mumbai suburban collector Sanjay Deshmukh on Monday revoked the allotment of a 66-acre piece of land near Kanjurmarg station to leading developer Jolly Brothers . The order was cancelled on account of violation of lease conditions.A senior bureaucrat told TOIthat Deshmukh, during the quasi-judicial proceeding, heard the contention of both Jolly Brothers' nominee and the revenue department. He then passed an order that the allotment of the land, reportedly worth Rs 3,000 crore, be cancelled.* 'Bungalows on land for guards, workers'Suburban collector Sanjay Deshmukh has said builder Jolly Brothers must return a 66-acre plot to the government. The revenue department, during the proceedings, was represented by the tehsildar.The 66 acres were allotted to the developer for industrial use by the revenue department on June 21, 1995. However, when the tehsildar visited the site recently, he saw that Jolly Brothers had not only constructed seven bungalows on a part of the land but had also entered into an agreement with Vijaynagar Enterprises to develop the land for residential purposes. He also found the office of another builder\u00e2\u20ac\u201dAjmera Developers\u00e2\u20ac\u201don the site.Jolly Brothers submitted before the collector that there was no breach of lease conditions and the seven bungalows on the site were constructed to provide accommodation to the workers and security guards. The developer also declared that the agreement with Vijaynagar Enterprises had been terminated long ago. \"Development of the land, change of use has been permitted by the government on certain conditions. Since the land is within the coastal regulation zone, there was no question of construction of any building, and as such the company has not violated the lease conditions,\" it submitted.In his four-page order, Deshmukh observed that in view of a crucial report submitted by the tehsildar, there appeared to be a link between Jolly Brothers and Ajmera Developers since the latter's office was located on the site. \"Jolly Brothers has not given any statement on its link with Ajmera Developers. It has failed to utilize the land for the purpose for which it was allotted. Under such circumstances, since there is a breach of lease conditions, I am cancelling the land allotment order, and the land will be restored to the government,\" Deshmukh said in his order.The senior bureaucrat said the revenue department had asked all collectors across the state to examine if there were violations of lease conditions on land allotted to people. \"An intensive survey on revenue lands in the suburbs is complete,\" said the bureaucrat. \"Revenue officials have submitted specific reports on several breaches of lease conditions. Accordingly , action will be taken against the lease holders after following the due process of law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475301", "title": "Akshara Singh turns bar girl for Pratigya 2", "text": "Well Known actress of Bhojpuri cinema Akshara Singh is playing the role of a bar girl in 'Pratigya 2'. She is paired opposite producer turned actor Anil Samrat. Other main casts are Pawan Singh, Khesari Lal, Smrity Sinha and Sonali Joshi.After a long gap Sushil Singh is also playing a negative role. Sushil Kumar Upadhyay is the director and Sanjay Yadav is the producer of this film. Akshara says, \"This is the first time that I am playing a glamorous role.\" Her character is very bold in this film. Akshara just finished the shooting of Pratigya 2 and now going to shoot director Anand D. Gahatraj's female oriented film Pratighat with Hydar Kazmi and Niraj Yadav. She is playing a journalist in this film.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17472077", "title": "They open up a fresh new world", "text": "BANGALORE: What's common between quizmaster Joy Bhattacharya, ad film maker Kaushik Roy and Vani Prasanna? They have one special teacher at home, their specially abled child who's taught them a new way of looking at this world.Their children, born with special abilities, have taught them patience, tolerance and to be positive in the toughest circumstances.Says Kaushik, who's made an award-winning short movie Apna Aasmaan, inspired by the life of his son Orko: \"My son has taught me to look at the world differently. To be patient and tolerant. I've learnt to not paint the world with a single long brush. He's taught us what true happiness and sense of gratitude means.\"For Joy, his son Neel, 11, is a great teacher. \"Fathers do only 20% of parenting, it's a mother who does most as the parent of a special child. I've learnt to smile from my child. He taught me to be patient and to understand the right every individual has to live in this world. He's taught me that parents of a special child must not be scared of social sanction.\"As mother of 34-year old Ananth Krishna, Vani Prasanna has developed a sense of pride. Proud to be the mother of a child who is born special, who's taught her to love and care. \"My son helped me develop the skill of caregiver and special trainer. I learnt this with him at the Spastics Society of Karnataka. I am also employed at the society, where I help other children with autism.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "australia's most celebrated batsman since don bradman did not have a satisfying end to his test career in perth on monday, but it didn't matter. ricky ponting left the game richer than he found it, and amid the encomiums departed with a nod of the head to the only man who has more runs than him in test cricket", "code": "17469757", "title": "Ricky Ponting picks Sachin Tendulkar as the best", "text": "Australia's most celebrated batsman since Don Bradman did not have a satisfying end to his Test career in Perth on Monday, but it didn't matter. Ricky Ponting left the game richer than he found it, and amid the encomiums departed with a nod of the head to the only man who has more runs than him in Test cricket: Sachin Tendulkar .Like Ponting in his last few years, Tendulkar too has been struggling to reclaim the sublime touch of old, leading to calls for retirement.\"Sachin was the best I played against, and that's coming from more of a captain's point of view as well, knowing he had so much success against us in our conditions and their conditions,\" Ponting said in Perth after Australia had been routed by No.1 team South Africa in the third Test.Another Indian cricketer going through hard times, off-spinner Harbhajan Singh , also got a vote of confidence with Ponting mentioning him among his top three bowlers after Curtly Ambrose and Wasim Akram . \"Harbhajan's probably the other one who caused me as much grief as anything. He got me out a lot of times. Those guys through their careers can all put their hand up and say they had my measure.\"What might ruffle the feathers of Tendulkar loyalists was Ponting's remark that Brian Lara had maybe won more matches for West Indies than Tendulkar did for India. \"The way I judge players has always been on their ability to win games, and win games by themselves. Lara probably more than what Sachin's done for India,\" he said, while rating Tendulkar higher.In an emotional moment, the South Africans gave the most successful captain in Test history a guard of honour when he came out to bat. Ponting scored only eight runs, and in a testament to his competitive skills and hunger for runs, said later, \"It would have been nice to have a few more next to my name.\"He even loitered at the crease after his dismissal. \"Hopefully my impact and input on Australian cricket has left something behind,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17475185", "title": "Charlesworth appointed coach of Mumbai franchise in HIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Australian player and coach Ric Charlesworth was on Tuesday roped in as coach of the Mumbai franchise for the upcoming Hockey India League starting next year.\"The Burman family is proud to welcome Ric Charlesworth to the Mumbai team. Ric brings a wealth of experience to the role,\" Dabur vice chairman Amit Burman said in a statement.\"His track record and reputation as a player, great teacher and as a coach makes us confident that this appointment will translate to great success for the Mumbai franchise and will be an enriching experience for the players in the team.\"I am confident that with Ric, we will be able to identify new talent that can be groomed to play for India,\" he added.Charlesworth was head coach of the Australian Women's team from 1993 to 2000, and steered the team to the Champion's Trophy in 1993, 1995, 1997 and 1999, the World Cup in 1994 and 1998 besides gold medals in the Atlanta Olympics in 1996 and Sydney Olympics in 2000 and the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur.In 2009, Charlesworth was appointed coach of the Australian men's national hockey team. The team went on to win the 2009 and 2010 Champions Trophy, the 2010 World Cup and the 2010 Commonwealth Games. In 2001, the team won a record fourth consecutive Champions trophy.Charlesworth said he was excited about working with the franchise.\"Hockey is important in India. We will strive to best prepare our players for their personal future in the Hockey India League and for India. To me it's all about helping these young men open doors of opportunity for their future in the hockey field,\" Charlesworth said.The inaugural edition of the six-team Hockey India League will be played on a home and away basis, starting mid-January, 2013 and has been granted a window by the International Hockey Federation (FIH). The 33 matches, including three play-off games, will be broadcast live on Star Sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17471445", "title": "Here, China moms deliver US kids", "text": "WASHINGTON: An unassuming home at the top of a hill in California has been operating as a 'maternity mansion', charging Chinese women high prices to give birth in the United States, essentially buying American citizenship for their babies.An address found on AsiamChild.com, a Chinese language website advertising the American birthing experience to prospective mothers, matches with the Chino Hills residence, where the maternity home is operating. The website includes tips for mothers on how to hide their pregnancies from US customs officers, so they can receive a visitor's visa.Pregnant mothers are advised to wear a dark T-shirt and use a large backpack to cover their stomachs, according to advice on the website. They are also told to not bring in any items specific to pregnant women and babies, in order to prevent suspicion.Aside from citizenship, the website touts other perks American citizens enjoy, including free public education, better loan rates and social welfare during retirement.According to ABC News, packages on the site range from $5,000 to $15,000, and call the expenditure a 'worthwhile investment' in order to have an American baby. Neighbours in an upscale Chino Valley neighbourhood are angry that a home is being used as a 'maternity hotel' attracting women from China to have their babies in the United States the report said.\"We are trying to get the word out that we are not going to condone this type of behavior and allow this type of business to come into our family-oriented community,\" Rossana Mitchell, a 22-year resident of the city said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472749", "title": "10 year-old boy hit by school van, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 10-year-old boy died after he was knocked down by a school van at Avvai Shanmugham Salai in Adyar on Monday morning. Police said Sudhakar, a Class 5 student of St John's school in Adyar and resident of Royapettah, was going to school on his father's motorcycle.A school van which was following the motorcycle rammed the motorcycle. Sudhakar's father Balakrishnan lost control of the bike and fell down. Sudhakar sustained sever head injuries and was rushed to a private hospital in Adyar where he succumbed to injuries on Monday evening.Adyar traffic investigation police initially registered a case under IPC Sections 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and later altered the section to 304 A (causing death by negligence).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17471289", "title": "Health services that need treatment", "text": "Assolda is a beautiful seven-ward village panchayat wedged between the Zuari and Kushavati rivers and a scenic lake and falling in the former capital of Chandrapur (Chandor). It's located in Quepem taluka but is part of Curchorem constituency. Yet, its 6,000 residents are an ignored lot. Apart from travelling between 3 and 7 km for a post office, church or civic need, it's also a 5 to 7 km journey for a doctor.Standing near the panchayat building is the sub health centre built in 1996 at a cost of Rs 3.5 lakh. It was supposedly renovated at a cost of Rs 2.14 lakh in 2005.\"It was never inaugurated and has never been used to provide us with healthcare facilities,\" says local teacher Thomas C Fernandes, \"It is disappointing that the panchayat allowed it to be vandalized, with locals taking away the roof tiles and furniture.\" He smarts that the panchayat rents out its premises instead of using this \"ready-to-use\" structure.Ironically, the village's 'functioning' sub health centre also operates from rented premises. Senior citizen Srikant N a i k s a y s , \"We badly need a health centre.The present one operates from a rented room at the back of a house, which has a bar running on the other side. It's a shame that the health department operates a health centre with only a wall between it and a bar.\"Fernandes says there's no private practitioner in the village, forcing patients to travel 5-7 km for a doctor; while Naik says the sub health centre in the rented room hasn't seen a doctor for several months.Dr Ganapati Kakodkar, health officer, community health centre (CHC), Curchorem, asserts the Assolda sub health center is \"one of the best\" among 10 such centers under CHCs jurisdiction. \"This is the only sub health centre with a European-type toilet and is clean and tidy.\" He adds, \"Yes, for the last three months doctors are not visiting the centre because the vehicle has broken down and there are no drivers.\"Of the three drivers assigned to the CHC, one has been sick for a year, and there's been no replacement for the driver stationed at the Canacona PHC, he says. The directorate of health services recently asked the CHC whether the 17-year-old (rundown) sub health centre is in a suitable condition to shift the present rentpaying centre. \"I have replied that the (building) has been vandalized. We are ready to shift the present centre only if it has all the facilities for doctors, staff and patients,\" says Kakodkar.Sarpanch Sukash Dessai says of the rundown structure, \"The building looks 100 years old. The panchayat has passed a resolution to build a new structure at the same place, demolishing the old one.\" Curchorem MLA Nilesh Cabral says, \"I have taken photographs of the building and have sent one more reminder to the health minister, requesting him to renovate the structure immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17475578", "title": "Mock drill held at Nazarpur LPG plant", "text": "UJJAIN: An emergency response drill was organized at Nazarpur situated LPG bottling plant of Indian Oil Corporation limited in Ujjain on Monday. The drill was organized against the backdrop of the anniversary of Bhopal gas disaster with focus on importance of safety consciousness and preparedness in case of any emergency.As a part of the exercise a mock leakage while unloading of LPG from a bulk tank was exercised. The plant staff came in action as the flames and leakage were handled with automatic systems and fire was brought doused within minutes.Deputy director of Industrial Health and Safety Department Sarvesh Pashine, plant manager P K Saklecha, Sanjay Gupta and members of district crises group, GAIL and local government bodies were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17472663", "title": "Forest department, LIT develop new products from mahua", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The mahua flowers which are widely used by the tribals for making liquor is all set to make its place on the breakfast table. The forest department of Gadchiroli along with a team from Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT), Nagpur have trained members of select joint forest management committees (JMFC) from five forest divisions of district to make jams, squash and two types of chutney from Mahua flowers. These delicacies will be soon available commercially.Over 90% flower of mahua trees, found abundant in jungle, is used for making of country liquor. Although Mahua flowers are also used to make some kind of medicinal syrup and the oil extracted from its seeds is also edible, the tribals never knew about its commercial value.CCF Gadchiroli, TSK Reddy took initiative and summoned a team from Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT), Nagpur to train the members of select JMFCs to make commercial products from Mahua flowers.These products were displayed at the International Herbal Van Mela (International Herbal Forest Fair) held in Bhopal in November for first time. A team of 17 JMFC members led by ACF, KD Kove earned Rs 49,000 from the sale of these products at the fair.\"The Mahua products enthused huge response in the fair. People thronged to our stall for the jam, squash and chutneys made by Chandala JMFC. People were amazed to find that Mahua, commonly used for making country liquor, could be utilized in making such delicacies,\" said ACF Kove.DCF, Gadchiroli forest division, G Mallikaarjun said that the department is planning to train other tribals in the district too. Training programmes for the JMFC members will be done with the help of experts from LIT. Department is going to set up a headquarter at Gadchiroli so as to help marketing the product, he told.\"We will begin a pilot production unit at Gadchiroli. An outlet will be set up at every tiger reserve and sanctuary to sell these products,\" Mallikaarjun said.\"It is an attempt to bring tribals living in the remote jungles into the mainstream. Commercial utilization of Mahua flowers would also help to bring down production of country liquor made from it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17472417", "title": "Two customs staff in the dock on bribery charges", "text": "KOCHI: Two women hawildars of the air customs wing at the Cochin International Airport Ltd ( CIAL) were suspended on charges of accepting bribe for clearing unaccompanied baggage from abroad.The suspended customs staff are Minimol Pathros and Aniamma John, the airport customs deputy commissioner C Madhavan told TOI here.K N Raghavan, commissioner of customs, Kochi, said that he had directed the vigilance superintendent to conduct a probe into the incident and submit a report at the earliest.\"The suspension is pending inquiry and we can comment on the incident only after the probe report comes,\" Raghavan said. The charges against the hawildars were levelled in a sting operation by a news channel.They had allegedly taken bribe from a person who had sent the unaccompanied baggage from the UAE.However, some of the customs officials said they were also probing whether vested interests were behind the charges. They said there were reports that some people were trying to illegally send items to different people in the name of operating a door-to door delivery service.\"It is illegal to send items meant for different people as unaccompanied baggage of a passenger coming from abroad. The customs officials will try to verify whether the imported items actually belong to the person who comes to receive them,\" an official of the customs said.\"Recently, we had asked a person who was involved in such an illegal operation to pay a fine. It has to be probed whether charges against customs officials were part of a design to divert attention from the illegal import,\" a customs official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17473721", "title": "'Tarun Gogoi denial on presence of Bangla nationals a ploy to get votes'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Aasu on Monday decried chief minister Tarun Gogoi's statement that illegal Bangladeshi nationals were not present in the state as conspiracy to garner votes for the forthcoming panchayat and Lok Sabha elections and threatened to intensify its protest.At a public rally at Juria in Nagaon district on Sunday, Gogoi had admonished allegations in relation to the presence of illegal foreigners in the state and dared his detractors by openly stating that there was not a single foreign national in the state and asked them to pinpoint one if there were any. Following this statement, there has been strong reaction from students' organizations and political parties in the state.Just after Gogoi made the remark in Nagaon on Sunday, Aasu activists came out on the streets and burnt the effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Gogoi. They also burnt the effigies of Bangladesh MP delegation, which is currently in the country. The Aasu also reacted strongly against the Bangladesh MP delegation's comments that the Indian government never took up the issue with Dhaka.\"The Bangladeshi delegates had said that New Delhi had never raised the issue with Dhaka. This itself proves that both the state and the central government had been lying to us. The delegates' comment is a betrayal and they also said that since the border is sealed, how come the intruders could sneak in. It is nothing but a blatant lie and there is a conspiracy behind it,\" said Samujjal Bhattacharyya, Aasu adviser.He said, \"The state government itself had declared in its 'white paper' that there was a presence of Bangladeshis in the state and now Gogoi states that there are no such elements here. We ask why the delegates are here and what is their motive. It is clear that Gogoi wants them to garner votes for Congress panchayat and Lok Sabha elections. He is a liar and the central government is the betrayer.\"On Saturday, the delegation of Bangladeshi parliamentarians said the economic condition in Bangladesh is good and there was no possibility of influx of its people into Assam or the northeast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475404", "title": "Lohan's bank accounts seized?", "text": "Actress Lindsay Lohan's bank accounts have reportedly been seized by US federal officials after she failed to pay her tax bill.Lohan is said to owe the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) more than $233,904 from 2009 through 2011.A spokesperson earlier this year said \"Lohan was completely unaware of tax liens filed against her\" and revealed that the 26-year-old was taking measures to get her finances in order.However, IRS authorities have now frozen Lohan's personal accounts as she has not yet settled her outstanding debts, reports tmz.comLohan is yet to respond to the report. Last week, she was arrested for allegedly fighting with a woman at a New York City nightclub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17470963", "title": "Palghar girls won't have to report to cops every week", "text": "MUMBAI: Palghar girls Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan, arrested for posting and liking a comment on Facebook questioning the shutdown in the city for Bal Thackeray's funeral, have been exempted from presenting themselves at the Boisar police station every week.Additional sessions judge (Palghar) A M Tamboli on Monday cancelled the bail condition imposed by judicial magistrate R G Bagade while granting bail to Shaheen and Rinu on November 19. The Boisar police told the court that they support the cancellation of the girls' weekly attendance at the police station.While the state director general of police had announced last week that the case against Shaheen and Rinu would be dropped, the girls were worried about having to report to the Boisar police till the completion of the investigation.The girls' lawyer Sudhir Gupta had, on November 27, moved the Palghar sessions court seeking their exemption from reporting at the police station every Wednesday. While the girls had visited the police station on November 21 after their bail, they sought exemption on November 28, the day the Palghar Shiv Sena had called for a bandh.Shaheen and Rinu, both aged 21, were arrested on November 19 and released on bail by judicial magistrate Bagade on the condition that they would report at the Palghar police station between 10am and 1pm every Wednesday.Following nationwide uproar over the girls' arrests the and subsequent suspension of two Thane rural cops, the case was transferred to the Biosar police station, around 15 km from Palghar. The girls had to report to the Boisar police.Meanwhile, the Boisar police are mum on the filing of a closure report. Police officers insisted that the order to proceed with the closure of the case was still to reach them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17475061", "title": "Engineering students pay tributes to gas victims", "text": "BHOPAL: Engineering students and teaching staff of Gyan Ganga Institute of Technology and Management organised a candle-march rally in memory victims of Bhopal gas tragedy here on Monday.The rally began from Hotel Lakview Ranjit to the Boat Club. Students held placards and posters with message. Through a street play, students also made aware people of the impact of the disaster.According to organisers, the play was a story of a middle class happy family which turned victim of the history's worst industrial disaster. The play shows the impact of gas leakage on the people of Bhopal. It also depicts the after affects of the tragedy.The participants of the street play included Manoj Arya, Durgesh, Richa Soni, Richa Tiwari, Saba, Poonam Tiwari and Kapil Sarathe. Deepali and Prateek are the playwrights. Executive Director, GGITM, Miniraj Modi and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17469874", "title": "Eden pitch keeps Team India guessing", "text": "KOLKATA: It was back to the grind for the Indian players on Monday. Having arrived in the city in batches on Sunday evening, they had their first practice session at the Eden Gardens here, the venue of the third Test match against England from Wednesday.There was no warm-up session or the usual jogging around the park as the players made a beeline for the nets, with opener Virender Sehwag leading the way. It was serious stuff all right as pacers Ishant Sharma, Ashok Dinda and off spinner R Ashwin took turns to bowl at one of the most destructive batsmen in contemporary world cricket.Even as the rank and file was busy in the nets, Team India coach Duncan Fletcher quietly walked up to the middle of the park to have a close look at the 22-yard strip being readied for the match. Fletcher was soon joined by skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , whose demand for a square turner was rejected and even ridiculed by Cricket Association of Bengal's octogenarian curator Prabir Mukherjee.The skipper was seen kneeling down on the track, knocking on the surface to gauge its firmness. The two then stood in the middle and exchanged notes. The much-anticipated meeting between Mukherjee and Dhoni did not materialise as both maintained their distance.Harbhajan Singh , who is in line to play his 100th Test on his 'favourite' ground, had a long chat with Mukherjee before having a bowl in the nets. KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir , who has a fair knowledge of the Eden track, also had a chat with Mukherjee.Interestingly, neither Dhoni nor Fletcher spoke to BCCI's East Zone curator Asish Bhowmick, who was rushed from Agartala to 'assist' Mukherjee. Bhowmick left the Eden much before the Indian contingent arrived. There was no official comment from the Indian camp about the pitch.Back in the nets, Fletcher paid special attention to Sachin Tendulkar , whose string of failures has been a major concern.Unlike the English team which had to make do with only two spinners from among the local net bowlers, India had the luxury of quite a few local young tweakers and all their batsmen enjoyed a lengthy session in the nets.In contrast, the Indian pacers did not bowl much. Zaheer, as is his wont, bowled the least. In fact, he batted longer than he bowled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472318", "title": "BJP opposes plan for local body tax", "text": "PUNE: The BJP's city unit has opposed the plan to introduce of local body tax (LBT) in the city.\"For decades, our party has been demanding abolition of octroi and we welcome the state government's decision to do away with it. But introduction of the LBT is a wrong step,\" Vikas Mathkari, BJP's city unit chief, told reporters here on Monday.If the LBT is introduced, the consumer will not be getting the benefit of abolishing the octroi, Mathkari said.Most state governments withdrew octroi about five years ago when the Value Added Tax was introduced. However, barring a few small cities, octroi is collected in major cities of Maharashtra, such as Mumbai, Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The state government has announced that octroi will be abolished from most of the municipal corporations by April 2013 and LBT will be introduced.Mathkari also said that the state unit of the party has planned an agitation during the winter session of the state assembly to raise issues such as inflation and corruption in irrigation schemes.\"Around 3,000 BJP workers from Pune will go to Nagpur on December 11 to join the agitation and 'gherao' the state assembly,\" Mathkari added.The agitation also aims to highlight issues such as low rates for agriculture goods, lack of facilities in drought affected areas and improper implementation of the employment guarantee scheme.The women's wing of the party's city unit has planned a march on December 5 to attract attention towards women-related issues, Mathkari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17473127", "title": "100 colleges under scanner for building violations in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) has asked more than 100 colleges within its jurisdiction to submit approved plans of buildings on their campuses.The CMDA's move has come close on the heels of the Directorate of Town and Country Planning (DTCP), which has jurisdiction over the rest of the state, asking about 2,400 colleges in various districts in September to submit their approved building plans.The regulatory agencies' clampdown on educational institutions started after reports of rampant building violations appeared in the media. In one such case, on August 6, a basketball stadium, which was under construction at Jeppiaar Institute of Technology in Kunnam village near Sriperumbudur, collapsed, killing 10 workers.CMDA officials said notices were issued to many arts and science colleges in Chennai and several private engineering and medical colleges in the suburbs.Officials said private engineering and medical colleges were worst among violators. They have constructed several million sq ft of buildings without any approval. Some of them have taken approvals from panchayats, while they have no authority to approve such buildings. Those who fail to respond to CMDA notices would face stringent action, an official said, adding, \"Some colleges have taken our notices lightly\".Meanwhile, responding to the DTCP directive, about 10 colleges have submitted their plans for approvals. \"If they confirm with the development control rules, we will grant approval. But a fine would be levied for not obtaining permission before constructing the buildings,\" said an official. The rest of the 2,400 colleges have sought additional two months to respond to the DTCP notices.M G Devasahayam, a senior member of CMDA's high court-appointed monitoring committee that looks into building violations said a random check of land documents proved that many private colleges in the suburbs, who actually own less than 10 acres of land as per documents, had encroached upon more than 100 acres of public land and constructed buildings over the years. \"Several schools and colleges in the city lead the list of violators,\" said Devasahayam.A CMDA official said that many professional colleges had obtained approvals for engineering colleges from the All India Council for Technical Education and medical colleges from the Medical Council of India by submitting wrong information about their land holdings. They have also falsely claimed that their buildings were approved by the regulatory agencies. But the fact remains that most of them have not even applied for approval.A senior CMDA official said the agency would also look into the land holdings of these institutions as scrutiny of land titles forms part of the exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17474710", "title": "Fossil fuel will disappear soon: Ashok Rao", "text": "MYSORE: Future science is beneficial to mankind as well as dangerous, as it involves high risk and good promises, said Ashok Rao, retired head of Network Technology, IISc (Bangalore).He was delivering the inaugural address on 'What is happening in Science and Technology?' at Vidyarthi Vignyani Interaction Programme-2012-13. Hundreds of schoolchildren from across the city attended the programme, which was organized by Information Technology, Bio-Technology, Science and Technology Department and Karnataka State Vignyan Parishat.Speaking on energy, he said the future will depend entirely on renewable energy like solar power, wind energy and the like. \"Fossil fuel will either become less or disappear,\" he said.Shedding light on how science is a double-edged sword, Rao said: \"It has given a lot to the world. Similarly, advanced technology has resulted in global warming. Even Mount Everest is currently tagged as 'Most Dirtiest Place on Earth', where heaps of garbage are piled. Man has come out with many inventions, but has failed to address poverty. About 80% of world's population does not have electricity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475552", "title": "107 candidates to contest in Vadodara", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17473848", "title": "Motorcycle rally flagged off from Arunachal Pradesh capital", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh parliamentary secretary for tourism Pasang Dorjee Sona on Monday flagged off a motorcycle rally meant to participate in the North East Riders' Meet-2012 (NERM), which has been organized as part of the ongoing Hornbill Festival in Kohima .The rally is conducted by Arunachal Bullet Club (ABC).NERM is an annual event, where Royal Enfield riders from the northeast and invitees from other states, get together with their bullets. The idea of having a Royal Enfield riders' meet in the region first came up when seasoned rider Sunil Karnany from Assam Rhinos took the initiative of calling all clubs riding Royal Enfields in the northeast in 2009.The first meet was held on August 22, 2009, in Kaziranga, Assam. In the first-ever meeting of NERM, it was decided that this event should be held once a year with the motto \"when we meet, we grow\" a phrase coined by Mark Vincent Shullai from Shillong.ABC, with support from Sona, had hosted the second edition of NERM in 2010. Altogether 185 riders from across the country participated in the event. The ABC, having done numerous awareness rides on a variety of issues concerning the state, has grown in stature incredibly since it was set up 7 years ago.\"We need to support the riders who are promoting a new way of safe and responsible riding,\" said newly elected club chief Dingwang Wangham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472311", "title": "19-year-old killed in hit-and-run accident", "text": "PUNE: A 19-year-old youth was killed after the motorcycle he was riding was hit by a car on East Street in Pune Cantonment, early on Sunday morning.The youth, identified as Iftekar Munsi Ansari of Wanowrie, was originally from Uttar Pradesh. He was riding triple seat on the motorcycle and was not wearing a helmet. His friends, Asif Ansari (19) and Farman Ansari (19), also of Wanowrie, escaped with minor injuries.Assistant inspector S J Korde of the Cantonment police station told TOI that the youths, who work at a bakery at Jagtap Chowk in Wanowrie, were heading towards the Pune railway station around 1 am on Sunday to see off a friend. \"Asif was riding the motorcycle, while Iftekar and Farman were riding pillion. The three were not wearing helmets,\" he said.Korde said that after the car hit the motorcycle, the three youths fell off the bike and Iftekar died on the spot from severe head injuries. The driver of the car did not stop after the accident.Iftekar's friends rushed him to a nearby hospital, where he was declared dead by the doctors. The police are searching for the car involved in the accident. \"We have booked the unidentified driver under charges of rash driving and causing death due to negligence,\" Korde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474970", "title": "I am a die hard fan of Salman Khan: Shoaib Ibrahim", "text": "Actor Shoaib Ibrahim who plays husband to Simar in Sasural Simar Ka relates with his character.Like his character he also considers own family as everything. \"I relate with my character Prem absolutely.For me my family is everything, just like my character Prem. I am a quiet person as well, just like Prem. The only difference is that I am not a halwai' s son, I love to eat loads of sweets though. I am also a die hard fan of superstar Salman Khan . I have seen all his films starting from Maine Pyaar Kiya to Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam to Dabangg and Ek Tha Tiger . Frankly I was quite excited when I came to know that my character will be called Prem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470699", "title": "Shailesh Shetye calls a candlelight vigil for Kshama on December 15", "text": "GURGAON: Upset with the prolonged wait to get justice for his deceased wife Kshama Chopra Shetye, who died in the BMW car crash in May this year, Shailesh Shetye and his friends have planned to hold a candlelight vigil at India Gate on December 15.On May 5, a speeding BMW car allegedly being driven by Suraj Sherawat, son of an influential businessman, Devender Sherawat, had rammed into an Indigo car in which Shailesh, Kshama and her parents were travelling. Besides Kshama, who was pregnant, Indigo car driver Sanjay Gulati had also died in the accident.Shetye said the gathering at India Gate was being held to garner public support for justice following the death of three innocents as well as seek change in the law where the accused is booked under a weak section of the law.Shetye said he was disappointed with the \"weak\" chargesheet filed by the Gurgaon police in the city court. Given the gravity of the accident and the role of the accused, Suraj Sherawat, in the accident who was driving without a driving licence, Shetye said the accused should have been booked under 304 (Culpable homicide not amounting to murder) rather than 304 A (Causing death by negligence).Suraj was driving without a licence, which is already an offence, and then going a step further he took the lives of three people. Our lives have changed forever since the accident, but I am anguished to see the accused roam free. The candlelight vigil is to draw attention to the state of affairs and seek redressal, Shetye added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475749", "title": "Doctor-patient trust beats pain, stress", "text": "A doctor-patient relationship built on trust and empathy has much more going on than merely putting patients at ease -- it helps the brain beat pain and stress .Recent studies have shown that doctors who listen carefully have happier patients with better health outcomes, but the underlying mechanism was unknown, said Issidoros Sarinopoulos, professor of radiology at Michigan State University.\"This is the first study that has looked at the patient-centered relationship from a neurobiological point of view,\" said Sarinopoulos, study co-author, the journal Patient Education and Counseling reports.\"It's important for doctors and others who advocate this type of relationship with the patient to show that there is a biological basis,\" Sarinopoulos was quoted as saying in a Michigan statement.The study involved randomly assigning patients to one of the two types of interview with a doctor before undergoing an MRI scan.In the patient-centred approach, doctors addressed any concerns participants had about the procedure and asked open-ended questions allowing them to talk freely about their jobs.The other patients were asked only specific questions about clinical information such as their medical history and what drugs they were taking.As expected, those who had the patient-focused interview reported greater satisfaction and confidence in their doctor in a post-interview questionnaire.The participants then were placed in the MRI scanner and given a series of mild electric shocks, similar to the discomfort of having an IV needle inserted, while looking at a photo of a doctor who they were told was supervising the procedure.The scans measured activity in the anterior insula -- the part of the brain that makes people aware of pain -- in anticipation of the shocks and when they actually occurred.The brain scans revealed those who had the patient-centred interview showed less activity in the anterior insula when they were looking at a photo of the interviewing doctor than when the doctor in the photo was unknown.Those participants also self-reported less pain when the photos showed the known doctor.\"We need to do more research to understand this mechanism,\" he said. \"But this is a good first step that puts some scientific weight behind the case for empathising with patients, getting to know them and building trust.\"The study was part of a broader effort at Michigan, led by Robert Smith , professor of medicine, to establish standards for patient-centered health care and measure its effectiveness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470556", "title": "Sleuths tracking Sukhdev Singh Namdhari\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 30-man \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKhalsa Sena\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police are on trail of a special unit of men who allegedly moved on Sukhdev Singh Namdhari's orders, sources in crime branch said Monday.This 30-member group is known by the name of 'Khalsa Sena' and was headquartered in Ghaziabad. Gang members are at least six feet tall and were allegedly armed with licensed Colts and Berrettas by their boss.The 'Sena' followed orders passed only by Namdhari and Ponty Chadha and allegedly helped in land-grabbing as well as managing Chadha's liquor business. The men were provided special mobile numbers and their leader was on the speed dial of the duo. Ponty's security posse of 30, too, was given special numbers - all ending with 003.This gang, police said, was just like the 'Youth Brigade' in parts of Uttar Pradesh controlling the \"illegal side of the liquor trade\".They have an hierarchy and are assigned duties on daily basis. They are divided in groups of three or four and sent to carry out tasks. In case of emergency, reinforcements are sent and local police are asked to help. They did not think twice about opening fire inside the farmhouse (No. 42), kidnapping workers and taking them to a third farmhouse (No. 34) where they assaulted those present. All are on payroll,\" an officer said.Namdhari held a meeting with them at a multiplex in Noida on the night before the shootout. The same night, he made calls to two political leaders in Uttarakhand and a top bureaucrat. Namdhari made seven calls to his men on his way to Fortis Hospital with the 'injured' Ponty in the car after the shootout, instructing them to leave the two farmhouses in groups.While the men at the Chhattarpur farmhouse left for Punjab and Uttarakhand, those at the G-19 Kapashera farmhouse were asked to rush to Fortis. \"It was after consulting these men that Namdhari told hospital staff that 'outsiders' had shot at Ponty,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474048", "title": "Narendra Modi, Sonia Gandhi to hold public meetings in Surat on December 6", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474709", "title": "Ram Charan to work with Boyapati Seenu?", "text": "It's been buzzed that Ram Charan would soon team up with Boyapati Seenu for an action entertainer. Rumor mongers have it saying that the mega power star is likely to work with Boyapati after the actor wraps up Zanjeer and Yevadu next year. It was also reported that KS Ramarao might produce the film under Creative Commercial banner, although nothing has been finalized.Boyapati, who delivered a super hit with Balakrishna's Simha, couldn't reach the expectations in his next film NTR-starrer Dammu. The director is now looking for redemption as he's readying a powerful revenge drama. It'll be interesting to see which hero the director eventually teams up with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475468", "title": "Thulasi misses sister Karthika", "text": "Thulasi Nair daughter of Radha and sister of Karthika Nair is back from her shoot in Mumbai for her second movie 'Yaan' starring Jiiva, directed by Ravi k Chandran. The actress who is also doing the lead role in Mani Ratnam's 'Kadal' wrapped up her first schedule shoot for 'Yaan' yesterday and returned to Chennai from Mumbai.The young actress who is back in the city seems to be missing her sister Karthika Nair who is in Kerala busy in shoot. Thulasi tweeted today \"Missssinngggg myyy other half @KarthikaNair. Why is it when I'm free you get busy and when your free I'm busy ...lol\"Thulasi supposedly has enjoyed the 5 action packed days of shoot with the team. She tweeted last night \"@dop007: Yaan 5 action packed days shoot with @Actorjiiva @ThulasiN ..fab cast and crew worked very hard . Thanks guys for all the support\"Meanwhile her sister Karthika is busy doing the lead role, along with Mammootty and Dileep in the new film ' Kammath &amp; Kammath ' directed by Thomson K. Thomas and produced by Anto Joseph. Karthika says her role in the film is pivotal, and that she is quite excited about working with veterans like Mammootty and Dileep in her new film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17476007", "title": "Kylie Minogue reveals fitness secret", "text": "Kylie Minogue has revealed that she owes her fit figure to Pilates and occasional gym sessions.The 44-year-old singer said she follows a strict diet and exercise regime to maintain her slender frame.She also admitted that she is not disciplined with her exercise routine and prefers to do activities she enjoys to get her moving, News.com.au reported.\"I do Pilates. And when I''m staying in a hotel sometimes go to the gym. But I don''t overdo it,\" Minogue confessed to British magazine Star.\"I wish I was one of those women who do their exercises first thing in the morning, or run straight to the fitness studio as soon as they get up. But unfortunately I''m just not that disciplined! I like to go snowboarding in winter.\"However, Kylie is stricter about maintaining a healthy eating plan.The Australian singer says she enjoys a diet filled with fish and green vegetables.\"For lunch I might have grilled fish with veggies, and if Andr's [Velencoso, her partner] is in tow, we tend to go a bit Spanish for dinner - and have something like a piece of tuna on a green salad,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472641", "title": "Nagpur University seeks data on 'ineligible' PGDCS students", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University woke up from its slumber after TOI report on Wednesday last on the fate of 'ineligible' students admitted to Post BSc Diploma in Computer Science and Application (PGDCS&A;). The NU administration has asked the department concerned to prepare a list of all such candidates who are found to be ineligible as per Ordinance No. 24 of 2009 which clearly states that the student must secure at least 50% aggregate marks in BSc for securing admission to this course.\"We have already directed senior officials to collect data from colleges offering this course and make a list. We will take necessary action after the list is ready,\" controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke told TOI but refused to comment further.According to the students, the PGDCS&A; course was currently being conducted in three colleges Kamla Nehru, Pandav and NU's 'Inter-Institutional Computer Centre (IICC) on Amravati Road. Most of the students were ineligible considering the fact that NU never publicized Ordinance No 24 even though it existed. Majority of the candidates whose admissions were in question hailed from IICC.Students claimed that their principals had advised them to fill up examination forms by paying nearly thousands rupees but did not guarantee acceptance by NU or any refund. They stated that former computer science dean Pradip Bute had assured them of saving their year and that he had even spoken to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal in this regard. But nothing has happened till date. Bute, however, refused to comment citing family reasons.Even pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie had told TOI that the erring colleges will be punished, but nothing has happened so far. He also stated that it was the principal's responsibility to ensure whether the students seeking admission is eligible. However, NU has failed to take action against principals of erring colleges like Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering, GH Raisoni College of Engineering and Wardha's Agnihotri's College for admitting ineligible students to MCA course.For the last three years, NU has allegedly allowed hundreds of such 'ineligible' students to take admission and some of them have even completed the MCA course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470093", "title": "Cash transfers a poll test for govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come December 15, the lady of the house \u00e2\u20ac\u201d wife, mother, eldest daughter or daughter-in-law \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from families enrolled under Delhi government's flagship food security program \"Dilli Annshri Yojana\" will be able to withdraw a monthly food subsidy of Rs 600 from her very own no-frills bank account. Fool-proof identification for the scheme's beneficiaries will be based on biometric imprints generated as part of the \"Aadhar\" unique identity project.The cash-for-food solution may appear smart, simple and empowering but its execution and acceptance by users \u00e2\u20ac\u201d many of whom still feel subsidized rations must be provided instead \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is going to be an acid test for the government going into an election year pegging its hopes on the scheme to paint a pro-poor image.The government has to enroll all 4.87 lakh beneficiaries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d identified as per a 2009 state survey of vulnerable households by its Mission Convergence \u00e2\u20ac\u201d by March 31, 2013 although the scheme will turn functional on the ground on December 15 in the presence of UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi . The timing of the rollout, enrollment for which was officially launched on Gandhi Jayanti \u00e2\u20ac\u201d October 2 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is critical for both the Delhi CM, who will seek a fourth term, and the Congress that's eyeing the Lok Sabha polls in 2014.That the Congress sees the scheme as a platform to reach out to voters among the poorest of poor comes through in the forms for it. Even though it's a government scheme, forms bear the stamp of the Congress leadership with photographs of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the Delhi CM placed at the top. Also, the 4.87 lakh beneficiaries have to get the area MLA's signature on their form as part of the approval process. Though the MLAs have no role in either identification or delivery of the benefit, the fact that they have been given a role shows that the scheme is seen as a way to track and pursue the traditional Congress voters.After the success of the UPA maha rally at Ramlila Maidan on November 4, the public launch of Annshri Yojna is the next big Congress campaign in an election year. Special secretary to the CM and director, Mission Convergence, Santosh D Vaidya told TOI: \"The 4.09 lakh families who get ration supplies under the BPL and Antyodaya schemes will continue to get the benefit as it is. Since there is a ceiling on the number of ration card holders, Annshri helps those who are vulnerable but do not hold ration cards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17464900", "title": "Vizag lad on a roll!", "text": "Ten gold, 12 silver, and 13 bronze medals at the national level; four international matches; a cache of state medals and still counting... 22-year-old roller skater Brahma Teja's trophy shelf is sure overflowing!Even at the recently concluded 24th AP State Inter District Roller Skating Championship, the Vizag boy bagged three gold medals in all the three categories that he participated in at the event and is now gearing up for the Nationals.Teja, who is studying mechanical engineering at Gitam University, says that his dad enrolled him in skating classes when he was seven years old to make him lose weight.\"I was a very chubby kid and my dad thought that the exercise was good for me.\" Although Teja participated the same year in district level competitions, it was only a year later that he completely took over the skating rink by storm, winning the district, state and national medals.And since then, his medal tally has been continually increasing. Teja, who has 35 national medals to his credit, made his first international debut in 2006 where he captained the Indian team at the World Championship in Korea.He later went on to participate in the Columbia World Championship, Asian Games and Asian Championship in China. Along with the highs there have also been lows. Year 2008, he says was his most testing time.Due to a foot injury, he was out of form for almost two months and that almost sabotaged his career. \"I had broken my foot and was out of skating for almost two months because of which in the Asian Championship the same year, I was selected for only one event, unlike the usual three that I normally go for.It hurt me quite a bit,\" he says. Putting his best foot forward, he says he worked really hard to get back and won the Nationals again with two golds and one silver.Talking about the hard work that goes into the sport, Teja reveals that his morning practice session is from 3.30 am to 6 am and his evening sessions are from 5 pm to 8.30 pm.So, what does he like doing in his free time? \"I don't go pubbing because I have to get up early in the morning for my practice session. I love watching movies and I also socialise with my juniors in college on Facebook.I still have a long way to go, but I'm treated like a celebrity in my college. People keep pinging me on Facebook and I honestly do love the attention!\"Crediting his success to his parents, Teja says, \"My parents are a great support system to me. My mum still accompanies me to my practice sessions everyday and still helps me maintain my equipment since I get so tired after practice.\" Teja, who now has his eyes set on the Nationals scheduled for January 2013, says, \"I've been training really hard.I want to get into the top 10 of the world championships.\" Talking about his passion for the sport and his desire to continue skating, Teja says, \"I might continue my masters either in the US or in Vizag.I haven't decided that as yet, but whatever it is, I want to continue skating till I reach my goal!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475286", "title": "State yet to come up with disability policy", "text": "RANCHI: Vimal Kumar, a resident of Dumka who was selected for employment in the district health department was refused tjob at the last moment because he was a differently abled with both of his legs are amputed. He had lost all hopes in life but then he thought to fight back and lodged a complaint in the social welfare department. Action was taken on the officials who refused him the job after which he was recruited.There are many such cases where the disabled people have to fight for their rightsand the journey is undoubtedly arduous for them.Although even after 12 years of its formation the state is yet to implement a disablility policy, it is gradually doing its bit to make the lives of the disabled people more comfortable. The government is imparting computer education to the hearing and speech impaired students in their schools with the help of information and technology department of the Centre which has spent Rs 15 lakh for this in 2011.A major achievement was when the central government adopted the Jharkhand model of grievance redress model for people with disabilities.Former disability commissioner Satish Chandra said, \"We focussed towards the rural areas where it's difficult for the disabled them to lodge complaints and many are also unaware about various schemes run by the government. Hence, we tried to reach them through the help of mobile court we heard their grievances on the delay of the pension and at times they were also not able to avail the benefit of many schemes like the Indira Awas Yojana where 3% reservation is provided for the disabled people.We received 11,000 complaints of which we solved 10,500 cases. The programmes and schemes should be implemented passionately as they are different people who need special attention.\"The cabinet has given its nod for the state disbility policy but it is yet to be implemented by the government. \"Once implemented 3% of the total budget will be spent on the welfare of such people,\" said Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17475675", "title": "State plan for LPG relief to BPL families hits hurdle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For poor households in the state, wait for some relief on LPG is set to get longer as the state government's plan to extend support to BPL families hits a roadblock in absence of data on the number of poor families using the fuel.After the Centre put a cap on subsidized LPG cylinders in September, the BJD government in the state decided to provide relief to BPL families with LPG connections. In a letter to the general manager of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd (IOCL), P K Das \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he is also the state-level co-ordinator of the OMCs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the state had sought information from IOCL, BPCL and HPCL on consumers and their economic status by October 31.However, the oil firms failed to provide information on BPL (below poverty line) or APL (above poverty line) consumers, making it difficult for the state government to proceed with its plan. \"The oil companies said they have no information on the economic status of consumers,\" said Madhusudan Padhi, secretary, food supplies and consumer welfare department, on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17472011", "title": "Infertile rural couples turn to IVF for happier family", "text": "RAIPUR: In Vitro fertilization (IVF) or the more commonly known trend of test tube baby, an assisted reproduction technique, is slowly but steadily catching on with the infertile rural couples of Chhattisgarh.Though, educated couples in the urban areas have been going in for this procedure for some time now, the concept has caught on with rural couples and there has been a significant increase in the past with almost 30% of all such cases coming from the villages of the state, claim experts.Talking to TOI, IVF expert, Dr Neeraj Pehlajani, said that with a success rate of nearly 35%, IVF has been a boon for infertile couples and the treatment has been steadily accepted among the rural couples. \"It's difficult to counsel them due to their literacy level and social taboo but after a long discussion and understanding, they get ready for IVF and few of them already have their own child through the IVF technique,\" she said.Dr Manoj Chellani, another IVF expert in city said that with drastic lifestyle changes, pollution, infertility has been on the rise in rural areas too. However, the exact cause among rural population is not known so far. \"The good thing is people are now becoming more aware and conscious and are opting for IVF to get rid of infertility. Rural population across the country suffering from infertility is now opting for IVF,\" he said. In the urban areas, infertility has also been on the rise due to sedentary lifestyle which includes obesity, modern day stress, drinking and smoking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17475227", "title": "Scores chip in to feed swamis", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: What started off with the idea of helping Ayyappa devotees get kosher meals while on their pilgrimage to the Ayyappa Swamy temple at Sabarimala is today a grand success.All thanks to the help of 41 donors who chip in to feed at least 4,000 Ayyappa devotees everyday.The prasad - a full-fledged five-course meal replete with dal, fried rice, sambar rice, curd rice and rice pudding for dessert - served to the travelling devotees is cooked by fellow swamis.A brainchild of guru swami A Venugopal Reddy, the annadanam (feeding) camp was started five years ago and has been doing yeomen's service to Ayyappa swamis during their 41-day deeksha period as they cannot eat food served in hotels or food cooked by their wives and have to follow the deeksha rules to the hilt if they must cook on their own.With most swamis busy with some activity or the other, they do not find the time to cook or fend for themselves. \"We are doing this because most of the swamis who take their vows during the Jyothi darshan period are hard pressed for time and the deeksha period lasts for 41 days. Keeping this in mind, we set up this camp. It is a joint effort of many swamis and devotees who have helped us run it successfully,\" observed A Venugopal Reddy.The Akhila Bharata Ayyappa Seva Sangh district president, who has visited the shrine over 31 times, said all this work was possible due to the blessings of Lord Ayyappa.And its not just the swamis who chip in but there are others like P Manmadha Rao, a software engineer, A H V Sashi Kiran, a sales manager and B Sudhakar, a finance manager, who serve food to the teeming devotees at the camp. Devotees like Y Venkat and Ch Rama Bhadra, both of whom are masons from Amalapuram and Visakhapatnam respectively also contribute to this noble work.Running the camp costs Rs 15 lakh and on an average over 500 kilos of plain rice is boiled to feed the hungry devotees who arrive everyday for the bhiksha that is offered to them.Apart from this camp, the devotees also run similar camps at Erumeli, Pamba, Periyanbattan and Sannidhan between Kottayam and the temple at Sabarimala under the aegis of the Akhila Bharati Ayyappa Seva Sangh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472702", "title": "Goverment defends fewer outages in Chennai, says it needs \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcspecial care\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: At a time when Chennai has two-hour power cuts daily while the rest of the state is reeling under six-eight hours of outages, the state government has justified the policy saying the city needed special care as it was the capital and commercial hub housing top state and corporate establishments.A submission to this effect was made in the Madras high court by the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited (TANGEDCO) on Monday, in response to a PIL questioning the 'discrimination' between Chennai and other areas of the state and demanding equitable distribution of available power.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, before whom the PIL filed by Citizens Guardians founder-chairman V Ravichandran came up for hearing, adjourned the matter by two weeks for further proceedings.\"Chennai being the state capital, and also the commercial capital, and due to the presence of the state legislature, the high court, the secretariat, a major chunk of state-controlled organizations, consulates and embassy offices, airports, port, major hospitals and the police headquarters, uninterrupted supply of power is to be maintained as far as possible,\" TANGEDCO director (distribution) T Jeyaseelan said in the counter affidavit.The rest of the state is divided into 10 groups - four rural and six urban \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of equal load and there is no discrimination among the districts, he said.Noting that the power requirement of the state is in the region of 11,000MW to 12,500MW, he said the installed capacity of TANGEDCO was about 7,000MW to 8,000MW. In order to narrow down the demand-supply gap, the TANGEDCO resorted to restriction and control measures as per the distribution code. The burden of load shedding is borne by all categories of consumers such as industrial, agricultural, commercial, domestic and others, he said.Tamil Nadu's share of about 1,250MW from Kudankulam and Neyveli power plants was unduly delayed due to various reasons, he said, adding \"the delay has aggravated the power situation in the state.\" The state, however, will get 600MW from Mettur and 1,200MW from north Chennai thermal power stations.The power position will improve in the coming months due to the commissioning of Mettur Thermal Power Station stage-3 and the NTPC's Vallur joint venture project. The north Chennai thermal power project unit II (600MW) will be synchronized by the first week of December and will start commercial operation by April 2013. The Neyveli thermal station's unit I is under test run and will start commercial operation by February 2013, he said.Explaining the difficulty in putting the public on notice about every power cuts, the official said availability of power, demand and load shedding are all a real-time operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475065", "title": "Nirmal Sidhu presents party number 'Dagga'", "text": "A pure party stomper, Dagga was produced and co-written by DJ Dubz. It is an energetic, party banger waiting to be unleashed.Turning up the heat on the dance floor, Dagga promises to be a debut success for DJ Dubz and his collaborative Dreamteam. The Dreamteam Roadshow started in the Asian club circuit and have had success in the main stream market with TV support from MTV , Kiss, Flava &amp; AKA. As commercial success followed them wherever they went DJ Dubz continues to produce beats and lyrics from his roots.The track features the vocals of the one and only Nirmal Sidhu who has had a number of hits to name a few Nai Jeena, Khanda, Hai Hai, Punjabi hurr, Char Panj, Sher Punjabi and many more. He has performed on a sold out arena tours in Canada, New York and Mumbai.Nirmal Sidhu is a Punjabi legend and together with DJ Dubz and Dreamteam, Dagga is set for surefire success.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17471776", "title": "16 lakh superbike seized for want of papers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Gujarat University (GU) police station officials detained a superbike worth Rs 16 lakh from Vijay Crossroads on Sunday night after the rider, an 18-year-old boy, failed to produce registration certificate.A police team, led by sub-inspector J R Baskan, was on duty near the crossing on Sunday night. The team spotted a biker and his friend zooming past. The rider was not wearing helmet and the bike also did not have a number plate. The team flagged down the rider.\"The rider was identified as Param Vora, 18, a resident of Sahajanand Bungalows in Sola. He is the son of a builder and an engineering student. The bike has Maharashtra passing. Vora could not produce the license or the registration papers so we detained the bike,\" said Baskan. Police suspect the bike might have been sold without papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475722", "title": "Indore flying up and high above Bhopal", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans have left Bhopal people behind when it comes to travelling by airplanes. Indore stands first in the list of online searches of Airway tickets, among the six major cities of Madhya Pradesh &amp; Chhattigarh.Bhopal is second when it comes to taking flights, Other major cities are Jabalpur holding a fifth position for airways search hits as per Google records, while Gwalior is at the end of the list as long as flights are concerned. The regional comparison of major cities of this region is available from 2004-2012.But the Google trends are relatively opposite to this when it comes to search hits for railways. Gwalior tops the list about searching for trains online. The second on the list is Bhopal while Indore is far behind at fifth position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474282", "title": "Sangeetha-Krish blessed with a baby girl", "text": "It's celebration time in Krish- Sangeetha household as actress Sangeetha Krish and her husband singer Krish have become the proud parents of a baby girl when the actress gave birth to the their first child yesterday (Dec 3, 2012) at a private hospital in Chennai.Kushboo tweeted \"Hey @Krrishsinger n Sanu congratulations at the arrival of an angel who will add more love to ur family...loads of love to the mother n baby\"Sangeetha who shot to fame with ' Uyir ' and ' Pithamagan ' tied knot with singer Krish on 1st February 2009 at Thiruvannaamalai. Krish too has been supportive enough and he himself is a well known singer with songs like Adiyae Kolluthey , Vada Binlada from Mankatha and En Frienda Pola Yaru Machan from Nanban under his belt.We wish the young couple all the best!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17474319", "title": "Protect journalists, uphold press freedom, says Justice Markandeya Katju", "text": "MANGALORE: Press Council of India chairman Justice Markandeya Katju on Monday said that the state government might have to face legal consequences under Article 355 and 356 of the Indian Constitution if it did not protect journalists and uphold press freedom.He was addressing reporters after receiving a memorandum in connection with the arrest of Naveen Soorinje, reporter of a private channel in the homestay attack case from activists attached to Journalists' Study Centre, People's Union for Civil Liberties, Karnataka Komu Souharda Vedike and Mahila Dourjanya Virodhi Vedike here on Monday.\"If the state government does not protect journalists and uphold press freedom it will be deemed that the government is not functioning in accordance with the Constitution. In such a scenario legal consequences under Article 355 and 356 of the Constitution may follow. Article 356 is invoked when the governor recommends it to President of India or when there are allegations that the state is unable to function in accordance with the Constitution. Anybody can make a recommendation. Of course, it is up to the President to accept it,\" Justice Katju said.He refused to comment on the arrest of Naveen saying the matter is sub judice. \"However, I am informed that in Mangalore, journalists are often harassed by police and hooligans. I therefore make it clear that the press council will not tolerate violation of press freedom either by assaults on journalists, giving threats or in any other manner,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17472621", "title": "Shimla takes first step towards modern transportation", "text": "SHIMLA: Shimla residents can now hope to get a new transportation system in the near future with Global Energy Basil (GBL) of Germany, a partner of European Union , showing keen interest in Rs 3,000cr comprehensive mobility plan prepared by Shimla municipal corporation. Having shortlisted Shimla for funding purpose, GBL has invited Shimla municipal corporation for presentation in January.Shimla town faces a serious problem of traffic congestion due to peculiar geography and age-old construction. The road infrastructure was created during the British rule to cater to the needs of the then population, and little progress has been made till now. With the passage of time, increase in population and inflow of tourists further increased the problems.To decongest Shimla, Himachal Pradesh government has decided to form satellite towns on the outskirts to save original character of the city which otherwise is bursting at seams with over-population and over-construction. Three satellite towns have been proposed at Vaknaghat on Shimla-Chandigarh highway, Fagu on Shimla-Rampur highway and Ghandal in-between Ghanahatti and Shalaghat on Shimla-Bilaspur highway.If GBL agrees to fund the comprehensive mobility plan of Shimla, the city would get relief from traffic congestion and pollution. Sources said that GBL has already funded around 40 such projects in other parts of the world, including Beijing, Kampala and Islamabad.Comprehensive mobility plan submitted to Global Energy Basil has provision of regulating 48,000 vehicles in the city in a planned manner. Submitted plan has the provision for ropeways at the cost of $623 million and tunnels estimated at $63 million, sources said.Confirming the development, municipal commissioner Dr M P Sood said that acceptance of proposal by GBL is a big success. \"For the first time, a mega project has been planned for Shimla and in January, a presentation would be made to GBL during its annual convention,\" he said.Sood said that after Kochin, Shimla is second city in India where GBL has shown interest to fund the project. \"The project envisages cable ropeways, mono rail, widening of existing corridors and construction of escalators,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17475033", "title": "University employees go on strike", "text": "BHOPAL: Refusing verbal assurance from the higher education department, the Madhya Pradesh University Employees Association (MPUEA) went ahead with its strike on Monday. The university employees association has demanded from the government to immediately look into the issues of pension and employees salary. Students faced problems as fee deposits and other works were badly affected.When contacted, MPUEA secretary Avinash Burbure said the state government authorities never fulfilled their verbal assurance. \"Despite governor and higher education minister's directives in the past, the department has never shown any interest in fulfilling their promises,\" Burbure alleged. He added the strike would continue until they receive written orders from the authorities.Earlier, Barkatullah University registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari forwarded the message received from higher education department to the employees association. \"Our president Sudhir Thakre was told to call off the strike as the department has agreed to address the issues of university employees. However, the association cannot trust them as we have been deceived on many occasions in the past,\" Burbure said. He claimed that the employees would continue their strike.About their demands, Burbure said, \"Employees get their salaries according to 6th pay commission, but after retirement they get pension on the basis of 5th pay commission. It accounts for a loss of Rs 4,000 to 5,000 per month,\" Burbure said. The employees also demanded hike from Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 in the medical reimbursement. Burbure asserted that the employees would not call off strike until their demands are resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470584", "title": "Navy week reception", "text": "KOLKATA: Navy week reception will be held on December 7, in view of the state mourning due to the sad demise of I K Gujral, the former prime minister of India. The Navy Day reception was slotted on December 4, which was cancelled for the state mourning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470792", "title": "Teacher duped by 'wannabe' groom", "text": "KOLKATA: A woman who was dreaming of getting married to the person she had met through a newspaper advertisement, woke up on Monday to find that the man had looted her of all valuables.The would-be groom allegedly drugged the woman and her widow mother on Sunday and decamped with all the gold jewellery and a mobile phone, said police. Though they have begun probe, cops are yet to track down accused Samir Roy who has gone into hiding.Sources said that Chandrani Ghosh, a schoolteacher in her early 30s, got to know Roy after she responded to his advertisement seeking a suitable match. The acquaintance grew with time and Roy soon won the trust of both the mother and daughter. He would also visit the family often at their Tiljala home.On Sunday, too, Roy visited Ghosh and her mother. After chatting for some time, he volunteered to make masala chai. But the duo started feeling drowsy soon after having the tea. On waking up on Monday, they were horrified to find all the ornaments they were wearing had gone missing.Ghosh immediately wanted to call the police but could not find her cell phone. It was then that she realized that Roy had duped them and also stolen the phone.A woman was duped by suitable candidateA woman, a school teacher got duped by a person, she thought to be her suitable candidate for life-partnership. Chandrani Ghosh, in her early 30s, responded to a newspaper advertisement. After the introduction, the suitable candidate, who had introduced himself as Samir Roy, started coming to Ghosh's Kustia Housing estate in Tiljala.Soon he earned the confidence of every member of the family. The woman and her widow mother. On Sunday, he came to her house in the afternoon. After some chatting, he proposed to make masala tea for everyone. He went to the kitchen, prepared tea and served it to the glee of the lady and her mother.A little after having tea, the lady and her mother started feeling drowsy. Soon they lost conssciousness. The lady and her mother woke up on Monday at around 8 am. They felt severe pain in their head and chest. They found all the gold and silver jewllery they were wearing missing. Along with the missing article is mobile phone of the lady.The detectives found are similar cases of duping by another suitable candidate earlier this month. There also a school teacher was robbed of his gold jewellery worth Rs few lakh by the person who proposed to marry her through an advertisement.The conman made the woman wait in cab and went to a jewellery shop with her gold ornaments in the name of taking the size of her wrist for wedding bangles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17475676", "title": "City basketball teams dominate state championships this year", "text": "VADODARA: The junior and senior basketball teams of Vadodara have struck gold at the state-level championships in all the four major state-level tournaments this year. The men and women teams have either bagged championships title or ended as runners-up in the competitive tournaments that see participation from several cities in Gujarat. The men and women teams that recently participated in Gujarat State Senior Basketball Championships lifted trophies in both categories.Both men and women squads successfully defended their championships title during the tournament organized at Patan Sports Complex. \"The men and women that were seeded number one dominated in the league phase of the tournament by defeating their opponents convincingly. This year has been one of the best years for our basketball teams,\" said Nehal Ramani, secretary of Baroda District Basketball Association (BDBA).The men's team clashed with the Sabarkantha team that is one of the fastest teams in the semi-finals. The experienced Baroda players including international player, Dishant Shah, who was simply unstoppable, outshined their opponents in the semis and won with 107-53 points. The final match against Bhavnagar was much more exciting played as the opponents too had international player Harpalsinh. \"Baroda won 73-73 with some great combination of speed and precision,\" Ramanni added.The match that displayed one of the best quality basketball in the state ended with a One point difference favoring Baroda District (73-72). The reigning women's basketball team once again stamped its authority on the game by defeating Ahmedabad with 49-41 points. Three men and five women have been selected in probables for the national basketball tournament that will be played on December 28 in Ludhiana.Earlier this year, Baroda's U-13 boys and girls teams won state-level tournaments while in U-16 category girls won the title. In U-19 state-level tourney, girls bagged runners-up position and boys ended at third position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471269", "title": "HC dismisses Kashinath Shetye's plea in Korgao illegal mining case", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa recently dismissed applications filed by Kashinath Shetye and other challenging the anticipatory bail granted by the sessions court to two persons in the illegal mining case at Korgao.On July 19, 2012, the sessions judge, North Goa, at Panaji had granted anticipatory bail to Shaikh Faisal and Mrugendra Bharat in the case.Apprehending arrest in connection with an FIR lodged by the police for alleged illegal extraction of ore from the property for former Congress MLA Jitendra Deshprabhu, the duo had approached the sessions court .During the hearing of the case in the high court, the applicants lawyer R Menezes argued that the custodial interrogation of both of them is warranted in order to find out as to whether there is illegal excavation of ore at the property of Jitendra Deshprabhu and also to locate the ore which was transported.Senior counsel S Lotlikar, who appeared for one of the respondents argued that only the state government could have filed an application seeking cancellation of bail on the ground that custodial interrogation was absolutely necessary.While dismissing the applications, the high court observed that the order passed by the sessions judge granting anticipatory bail to the accused is liable to be set aside by a superior court only if the order passed is patently perverse and passed in utter violation of the principles governing grant or refusal of anticipatory bail.\"In the present case, majority of the reasons given by the sessions judge in granting anticipatory bail to the respondents in both the applications warrant no interference by this court, more particularly having regard to the fact that the sessions judge came to the conclusion that the investigation was not carried out in the right direction,\" the high court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17471533", "title": "Subhash Chandra to join probe in 96 hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zee group chairman Subhash Chandra today on Monday informed the Delhi Police that he was prepared to join their investigations in connection with the alleged extortion bid by two senior editors of his channel within four days of notice.His The lawyer said the date and time be indicated to him so that Chandra can be accordingly intimated and \"he shall be present before you within 96 hours of service of notice\". Delhi Police had served two notices to Chandra asking him to join investigations after arresting two of its top editors, Sudhir Chaudhury and Samir Ahluwalia. Investigators had told a local court earlier that they were treating him as an accused as he knew about the dealings between his employees and Congress MP Naveen Jindal's company.In a letter to Delhi Police through his lawyer R K Handoo, Chandra claimed that \"vested interests\" have created a public \"mis-impression\" that he is deliberately not joining investigations. Terming the campaign as \"vicious\", \"malafide\" and \"unwarranted\", The letter said Chandra has informed police on November 27 that he went ahead with his \"pre-scheduled\" meetings and engagements in India and abroad.The letter also noted that as Chairman of Essel Group, he has his meetings planned nearly two months in advance and any abrupt change not only affects the schedule of other businesses but also brings disrepute to him. \"That is why to honour his commitments in India and abroad, my client had well in advance and before your arrest action, requested you to adjourn the matter till his return from overseas.\"...because of the distorted campaign unleashed by vested interests, he is prepared to reschedule and cut short his overseas engagements and shall come to India only to join the investigations at your convenience forthwith,\" the lawyer said in the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475752", "title": "Competition on future management held", "text": "INDORE: The Medi-Caps Group of Institutions organized Mavericks 2012, a national-level research paper presentation contest recently on \"Future Management and Technical Education in India.\"The event was conducted to give a platform to research-oriented students to share their thoughts. Around 40 abstracts were received from different parts of the country out of which only 19 abstracts were selected for the final presentation.The first prize of Rs 10,000 went to Rahul Kukreja and Neha Jain from SIMS, second prize of Rs 5000 went to Dimple Saluja and Arti of MITM and third prize Rs 3000 went to Sethu and Priya, MITM. The chief executive director Dr Shamsher Singh, director MITM- Management Dr Alok Mittal welcomed the guests.The chief guest for the programme was chairman DHL Infrabull and keynote speaker director IIPS Dr R K Vyas addressed the participants and shared their experiences. Vice chairman AVTEK Dr Vikas Manjrekar spoke at the valedictory session.Summary and vote of thanks was proposed by Dr D T Manwani. The judges for the event were V Khagsivala, Dr D Mahajan and Dr N Shastri. The event was coordinated by Prof Vinod Sharma, Prof Baljeet Singh Narang and Prof Amber Tiwari. Student coordinator of the event was Ankit Nagar, Heena Joshi, Karishma Kandhari and Ankita Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17472099", "title": "Launch of Pillur II delayed as corporation fails to settle dues with TANGEDCO", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite assurances from Coimbatore Municipal Corporation, the trial run of the much delayed dedicated Pillur II water supply scheme is expected to be further delayed for want of power supply. Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO) will extend power supply only after the civic body pays the Rs 8 lakh in outstanding dues.The erection and installation of the six vertical turbine pump sets are in the final stages and must be completed for the trial run to be conducted to full capacity, supplying 125mld of water to Coimbatore city. Senior corporation officials confirmed that the trial run is expected to commence by December 15.\"We will extend power supply to the project once the civic body settles outstanding dues to TANGEDCO,\" said A Thangavel, chief engineer, distribution, TANGEDCO, Coimbatore.The power supply will be provided through a 1000 KVA dedicated line from Karamadai sub station. After the power lines are connected to the grid there will be a trial run after which the final green signal will be given to officials so they can conduct the trial run of the water supply scheme.The project being executed in six separate packages is expected to ensure 125 mld of drinking water to Coimbatore city. Out of the six packages, five have been completed and 30 mld of water is being drawn from the project after being treated at the 125 mld water treatment facility at Velliangadu in Pillur. The civic body is presently awaiting the completion of the first package of the project in which six vertical turbine pump sets are to be erected and installed at the collection well in Pillur dam at a cost of Rs 4.85 crore.The corporation had initially planned to commence the trial run by the end of October or first week of November but there were delays in setting the concrete platform onto which the turbine pump sets were to be installed. The commissioning of a crane to be utilised in the procedure also developed a technical snag and had to be replaced which resulted in further delays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17473793", "title": "Online bill payments from Jan", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a long delay, the capital is set to go virtual for the payment of utility bills. So people can happily bid goodbye to long queues and log on to make their payments. The system will be in place from early next year.The Guwahati Municipal Corporation is in the process of selecting a service provider to power up its existing portal. \"We have sought applications from reputed firms to carry out this job.The bidder applications will be opened on December 20. We are hopeful people will be able to pay their property tax and other bills from January itself using debit cards, credit cards and other modes,\" said Mukul Chandra Gogoi, additional commissioner of GMC.The online system will save people a lot of labour and bother as they have to go to either of the five zonal offices of the GMC or the municipality's head office at Panbazar presently to make payments.\"It's a user-friendly devise. People won't have to stand in long queues to make their payments,\" said Gogoi.For paying property tax, people would have to register with the online portal service or directly enter using a holding number. \"Online payments will make it easy for us to maintain records. Collections are also expected to go up,\" Gogoi said.The property tax includes fees for street lights, water and scavenging.Guwahati: After a long delay, the capital is set to go virtual for the payment of utility bills. So people can happily bid goodbye to long queues and log on to make their payments. The system will be in place from early next year.The Guwahati Municipal Corporation is in the process of selecting a service provider to power up its existing portal. \"We have sought applications from reputed firms to carry out this job. The bidder applications will be opened on December 20. We are hopeful people will be able to pay their property tax and other bills from January itself using debit cards, credit cards and other modes,\" said Mukul Chandra Gogoi, additional commissioner of GMC.The online system will save people a lot of labour and bother as they have to go to either of the five zonal offices of the GMC or the municipality's head office at Panbazar presently to make payments.\"It's a user-friendly devise. People won't have to stand in long queues to make their payments,\" said Gogoi.For paying property tax, people would have to register with the online portal service or directly enter using a holding number. \"Online payments will make it easy for us to maintain records. Collections are also expected to go up,\" Gogoi said.The property tax includes fees for street lights, water and scavenging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472341", "title": "Maharashtra calls meeting of agents, officials", "text": "PUNE: The state marketing minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil has called a meeting of representatives of commission agents from Mumbai and Pune, farmers appointed as director and the administrative officers of the agriculture produce market committees on December 6 to discuss the issue of 6% commission rate. A report on what transpires in the meeting will be submitted to the state government on December 10 and final decision will be taken. This means that the strike of commission agents may continue till December 10.The minister on Monday met representatives of commission agents from Pune in Ahmednagar following a request made by them. B G Deshmukh, administrator of the Pune agriculture produce market committee said that the meeting will discuss issues such as commission rate, current economic situation as private players can also trade in vegetables and impact of the strike on the common man.Shivlal Bhosale, chairman of the Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Marketyard Commission Agents Association at the APMC said, \"We are firm on cancellation of 6% commission ceiling for all transactions. We want the state government to increase commission rate to 10% and we will press for this demand in the meeting on Thursday in Pune.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17475332", "title": "3 killed in Steel City accident", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Three people died in a road accident in Kandra in the adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district on Monday following head-on collision between CRPF van and motorcycle. All the three victims, aged between of 25-30, were riding a motorcycle when it came in contact of the speeding van in Raghunathpur village under Kandra police station area.According to the police, the two-wheeler was coming towards Kandra when the accident occurred. The two victims who died on the spot have been identified as Chotu Kalindi, resident of Paridih under Mango police station area in East Singhbhum and Bhim Kalindi, resident of Birbans village under Seraikela police station area, respectively.\"The identity of the third victim who succumbed to injuries in the MGM Hospital is being ascertained,\" said T P Kushwaha, officer in-charge, Kandra police station. He said CRPF 7th battalion was given Tata 407 vehicle for anti-Maoist operation in Adityapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17471187", "title": "Margao Municipal Council waiting for consultant's 'final' report", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao Municipal Council (MMC) is awaiting the \"final report\" of its consultant, K R Gopalkrishnan, based on which it will invite expressions of interest from contractors for executing the task.The detailed project report (DPR) will be submitted to the MMC by Gopalkrishnan by December 15, while other details like technical specifications, financial estimates, bid documents, etc, will be submitted by December 31. MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale informed TOI that the exercise of scientific capping will start before the monsoon.The effective area of the garbage dump to be capped is almost 15,000 sq m, while the effective volume of the garbage is nearly 1.4 lakh cubic metre.The capping exercise entails levelling and reforming the existing heap of garbage dump and incorporating environmental mitigation measures including laying of geotextiles (impermeable surface cover) to secure the site against seepage of rainwater and collection of landfill gas (predominantly methane), leachate collection system, development of a green belt and landscaping, including a green cover over the dumpsite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17476069", "title": "Mila Kunis wins 2012's sexiest picture title", "text": "Mila Kunis has topped a poll of readers aiming to find the Sexiest Picture of 2012.The 'Friends With Benefits' star took the lead with her raunchy topless cover of the US version of Esquire magazine which saw her being named Sexiest Woman Alive by the Sun.Mila received 20 percent of the 38,670 votes cast in the online survey, fighting off competition from the likes of Kim Kardashian , Pamela Anderson and Tulisa Contostavlos.The 29-year-old actress just managed to slip her victory past glamour girl-turned-body builder Jodie Marsh - who came in second place with 18 percent after campaigning for votes on Twitter.She was followed by Kelly Brook in third place with 9 percent and Rihanna and Coco Austin who completed the Top Five with 7 percent each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17476086", "title": "New SCW head promises quick disposal of cases", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With over 13,000 cases pending with the State Commission for Women (SCW), its new chairperson Lopamudra Buxipatra, who took charge of the office on Monday, faces a challenging task ahead.The commission would give priority to quick disposal of cases and would work to stop domestic violence, harassment at workplace and women trafficking, she promised upon assuming the office. Buxipatra is also the vice-president of Biju Juba Janata Dal and chairperson of Mahila Vikas Samavaya Nigam.\"The commission will continue in its strive to provide justice to harassed and tortured women and we would try to solve cases through counseling. Moreover, we would expedite the disposal of cases and also resume camp courts to provide justice to women in rural areas,\" Buxipatra said.Giving emphasis on creating awareness about legal provisions among rural women, Buxipatra said, \"There are provisions in the law for providing protection to women from various types of atrocities but not many are aware of them. So there is a need to create awareness among rural women.\"She also stressed on strengthening women and child desks in police stations of the state. \"A large number of cases are not registered. There is a need to make women and child desks in police stations pro-people and ensure FIRs are lodged properly,\" the new chairperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472661", "title": "No abetment charges in MBA suicide yet", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vakola police are yet to register an FIR in connection with the suicide of MBA student Sonal Bagade (24). On Sunday, Sonal had jumped off the sixth-floor of Shree Samarth society at Santa Cruz (E), reportedly after her mother objected to her secret wedding.\"We do not have enough evidence at this point to press abetment charges. We are making inquiries with Sonal's mother, Maya, a nurse. We are also trying to trace Sonal's boyfriend, Umashankar, to make inquiries with him. But his cellphone is switched off,\" said inspector Uttam Pachpute.Sonal had tied the knot with Umashankar at a temple , without telling her mother. Sonal was her only child. \"On November 28, Maya found Sonal sporting 'sindoor' . When Maya showed no interest in learning about Umashankar, Sonal realized Maya would never give her consent for the wedding. Maya also took away Sonal's cellphone and forbade her from contacting Umashankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17474695", "title": "Voice can steer this hi-tech wheelchair", "text": "MYSORE: The students of National Institute of Engineering (NIE) have developed a wheelchair that can be managed only by voice control.Pavan R, Prathamesh J U, Vikas S and Karthik S, final year students of electrical and electronics, have developed semi-automated wheelchair for physically challenged so they can move around by giving voice commands. It cost them Rs 60,000.The low-cost, semi-automated wheelchair is affordable for the middle and lower-middle class. It is an independent and easy means of mobility to the disabled, they say. The wheelchair accepts voice commands as input for navigation, thus eliminating the need for dependency.Principal G L Shekhar said that the project was carried out under Innovation Entrepreneurship Development Centre and the department of science and technology. Prof Bansilal guided the students.The key features of the wheelchair include voice control for wheelchair motion, multi-functional keypad, and user-friendly display feature, H-bridge motor drivers with current sensing and efficient rechargeable batteries.The frame of the wheelchair is made of aluminum. The lower part of modified chassis arrangement houses the motors, the chain-transmission link and the wheel-coupling shaft. The upper part of the modified chassis is used to place lead-acid battery, and the circuit-mounting arrangement. The voice-recognition kit, LCD and keypad have been mounted on the right side of the wheelchair, while the main switch has been mounted on its left.How it worksKeypad is used to first turn on the voice-recognition (VR) system. When the button on the keypad is pressed, a signal is sent to the micro-controller to turn on the VR board. The 'energized' board is enumerated for VR kit model, Board OK. If the test is successful, then Easy VR sends a Status OK signal. This signal states that the Easy VR is ready to accept voice input and this is shown on the display. The user has to press another button on the 3X3 keypad which signals that the Easy VR to start 'listening'. There is an internal timeout of 5 seconds which has been set. If there is no command input from the user, the VR board shows an error signal and goes to a low-power state until woken up by another command to 'listen'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472186", "title": "Learning research methodology", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A two-week orientation course on \"research mythology\" organized by the department of life long learning &amp; extension, Panjab University, witnessed participation of 31 research scholars from various social science departments and students of fashion technology. The course started on November 21 concluded on Monday. Ajaib Singh, a member of National Commission for Minorities, said such orientation courses help in improving the standard of research among students. Vipin Diwan, an expert on research methodology, conducted the course. Diwan spoke on various aspects of research, like formation of hypothesis, objectives, research design, interpretation of data, reporting and summary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17471663", "title": "Hostel warden in Tirunelveli dismissed for harassing girls", "text": "Madurai: A female warden and two workers of a girls' hostel in Palayamkottai in Tirunelveli district were dismissed, for allegedly abusing the girls by asking them to take off their clothes, as they had clogged the toilet with sanitary napkins.About 800 students are studying at the girls' higher secondary school, run by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) department in High Grounds at Palayamkottai. The school also has a hostel attached to it in which about 80 girls from other towns were staying there. Most of the hostellers are students of classes 10 and 12.During the last weekend, the warden Arumugathammal summoned a sweeper to clear the drain as the students complained of waterlogging in the hostel toilet. She had reportedly informed the warden that some sanitary napkins, which had been discarded by the students, had clogged the drain and asked her to inform the students to dispose them in the dustbins.Irked by this, the warden summoned all the girls and questioned as to who was responsible for disposing the napkins in the toiltet. When the girls remained silent she asked all of them to strip their clothes. Shocked by this, all the girls vacated the hostel and left for their homes.On Monday morning, the angry parents gheraoed the school and demanded action against the warden for her immoral behaviour. \"How can a woman treat the girl students in such a way?\" they asked. They later raised slogans against the school authorities and barged into the premises.HR and CE department assistant commissioner Kannadasan and police rushed to the spot and assured the parents that the warden and workers would be terminated from service and replaced, following which they dispersed.A parent of one of the girls, who was affected by the warden's action, told reporters that they admitted their children in the hostel so that they could be in good care, but it is a pity that they were harassed by female employees. \"We don't how to give our children a good education and we spend a lot in putting them in hostels,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17471900", "title": "Rajgir police academy construction delayed", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: ADG, Police Building Construction Corporation (PBCC) Sunil Kumar expressed his displeasure over the slow pace of construction of Police Academy building at Rajgir and the new buildings of police stations in Nalanda district after holding a meeting with the stakeholders at Rajgir on Friday.The officer visited the construction site of the Police Academy coming up on Rajgir-Chhabilapur road near the construction site of the proposed Nalanda University and instructed the officials to speed up work and utilise the Rs 73 crore sanctioned within the current financial year.He also instructed the officials to start work on buildings of new police stations for which Rs 2 crore each has been sanctioned.The foundation stone of the proposed academy was laid by CM Nitish Kumar on August 13, 2010, and its 40 blocks are proposed to be completed in 2014 at an estimated cost of Rs 206 crore.In the first phase of construction, 10 buildings are to be completed during the current financial year with the sanctioned Rs 73 crore.But even after a lapse of eight months only the foundation and some other minor construction have been completed and Rs 10 crore has been utilized so far.Initial work on the new buildings of the police stations after removing the old dilapidated buildings is yet to begin. J P Singh, executive engineer, police building construction corporation, Rajgir division, attributed the delay in the completion of work on the first ten buildings of the Academy to various factors including monsoon season and Malmas Mela, but hoped that the construction of the first phase will be completed in time and the academy will be ready within stipulated period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17473831", "title": "Locals call for peace in Garo Hills", "text": "SHILLONG: Wary of the rise in violence in strife-torn Garo Hills, locals have given a call for peace and tranquility against the nefarious activities of militant outfits.People belonging to the Garo community have formed an organization called Movement for Peace and Harmony (MPH) to urge armed rebel groups to come forward and settle issues with the government in an amicable manner.\"Appalled at the deteriorating law and order situation in the region, people have now taken it upon themselves to do their bid in putting an end to the escalating violence perpetrated by militant organizations,\" said one of the organizers of the unique movement.The MPH, in a recently held meeting, appealed to the government to be sensitive in dealing with the public during operations against insurgent outfits.Chairman of MPH Carry Marak, through a press communique, said the organization's intention is to appeal to insurgent groups to shun the path of violence and come forward for a settlement with the government. \"The MPH plans to consult and intimate the All A'chik Peace Forum and civil society of Garo Hills and urge them to take all precautionary measures to work for lasting peace in the Garo Hills,\" he said.Calling for normalcy in the region, the MPH suggested that the rebels and the government should solve their problems through mutual understanding.The committee, comprising 23 Garo senior citizens, youth and public leaders, will submit a representation to the state government suggesting policies and strategies that will enable it to address the issue with the groups in a peaceful manner.With the assembly elections just a couple of months away, militants have unleashed violence in the Garo Hills, targeting aspiring candidates, including sitting legislator and minister Saleng Sangma, and former deputy chief minister Deborah Marak recently.On the other hand, the state police has chalked out a strategy to deal with the escalating violence in the Garo Hills.New DGP Kulbir Kishan said that no stone would be left unturned to ensure peaceful polls in the troubled hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471699", "title": "Patna's education college celebrates silver jubilee", "text": "PATNA: A melange of colourful programmes depicting Bihar's pluralism and special prayer services marked the Silver Jubilee celebrations of St. Xavier's College of Education (SXCE), Patna, on Monday. Archbishop of Patna William D'Souza, who graced the occasion as the chief guest, said, \"SXCE produces competent, efficient and trained teachers for Bihar and the country\". The Xaverians put up beautiful performances that included prayer dance by Shibi and group, welcome song by Shubhalaxmi and group. Rhitika and group tapped their legs on Bhangra and Krisanawati and group presented a Dandiya. However, the show stealers were Shri Prakash and group who enthralled the audience with a self-composed Qawwali, \"Jubilee ka din aya hai, Xavier's ke is prangan mein\".Earlier a Mass was offered as a thanksgiving by the Archbishop, assisted by 13 priests. Jubilee Flag was hoisted and pigeons and balloons were released. The first principal of SXCE, Fr P T Augustine, said, \"I have seen the seed of SXCE being planted to fulfil the requirement of teachers in Bihar from last 24 years.\" The formal vote of thanks was proposed by the college principal Fr. Thomas Perumailil.Football match: Elias Kisku of Birla Institute of Technology-Patna (BITP) led the institute to the victory as they hammered IIT-Patna students 5-2 in a friendly soccer match between the two institutions held on BITP football ground on Sunday. The IIT team was led by Abhishek Aryan. Two more friendly matches between the colleges are scheduled to be held shortly.NDA: Students of Montessori 2 of Notre Dame Academy (NDA) participated in a clay modelling workshop on importance of fruits organized by members of the Parent-Teachers Association (PTA) on Monday. Children moulded colourful fruits of clay and were advised to eat more fruits. The PTA members present on the occasion were Neeta Chaudhary, Rupa Singh and Vishal Shankar.St. Xavier's College: Principal secretary of state's education department Amarjeet Sinha on Monday said one should aim for higher education to do something meaningful for others. \"Even the poor want to educate their children, but they lack opportunities. If you enable the underprivileged through education, you are serving the nation because development is possible only through education,\" Sinha said, while addressing students and parents to mark the celebrations of St. Xavier's College Patron's Day-Digha. A cultural programme was also presented by the students that included a prayer dance led by Meenakshi and group, welcome song by Raunak and group, a semiclassical dance by Puja and group, Sufi song in Persian by Aman and group besides a dance duet by Shweta and Shivangini. Sanjivani and Anuj anchored the programme while Ria proposed the formal vote of thanks.Chhatra JD-U: Former student leaders of Bihar State Chhatra JD-U on Monday pledged their support to party candidates contesting the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) polls. Chhatra JD-U leaders Chandra Bhushan Rai, Nitish Kumar Tantan and Arvind Nishad said the party nominees were hard working, honest and disciplined and have leadership qualities like that of chief minister Nitish Kumar.AISF: Members of All India Students' Federation (AISF) intensified their campaign to woo voters ahead of PUSU polls as they sought votes for their candidates at Patna Science College, Vanijya Mahavidyalay, Patna College, Darbhanga House and Patna Law College on Monday. They urged the students not to vote on communal or caste basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475297", "title": "Rebel pressure hits construction work", "text": "RANCHI: Multiple levy seekers have stalled over 100 road construction projects, including 50 of rural development department. Sources in both the state rural development department and road construction department confirmed that many projects have been hanging in the balance owing to problems caused by rebel outfits.\"There was a time when anyone who was willing to work in adverse situations, especially in Maoist-prone areas, was able to make a fortune by taking up contracts of road construction work and other development projects. With the growing number of rebel outfits, however, things have changed. Since a contractor has to pay levy to several groups which have mushroomed over the years, no one is ready to take up this work anymore,\" said a source.There are at least 17 rebel outfits, including CPI (Maoist) and People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI), which are active in the state and who try to get their share of every contract that is inked here. The amount collected as levy range from Rs 1 lakh- Rs 10-15 lakh, depending on the cost of the project.An officer in the road construction department said, \"Since a huge amount is taken up as levy, the quality of roads that are being made nowadays have deteriorated. Our engineers don't go for inspection in remote areas, and in most cases the contractor uses poor quality material. The result is bad roads and bridges that are washed away during monsoons.\"Former engineer-in-chief of state road construction department C K Singh conceded that growing number of outfits have posed problems in execution of development projects. \"My experience says that at times the engineers and government are more at fault than the contractors and rebels. I was once taken hostage by the Maoists in early 2000 by around 150 armed men. After having a dialogue with the rebel leader, and urging them to help local youths in getting work so that they are able to make a decent earning, I was surprised to find that the proposal was accepted, and a number of projects in Maoist-hit areas was successfully executed. Even today, if the engineers and government work with a positive mindset, then the projects will not be stalled,\" said Singh.Special secretary (rural development) A K Prabhakar confirmed that around 20 projects in Chatra, Palamu, Hazaribagh, Garhwa and Chibasa have been in the backburner owing to the Maoist problem. Even after signing contracts, the contractors did not start the work.\"Around 20-25 projects are going slow after Maoists or other rebel groups burnt their equipment or abducted the employees of the contractors. We have also written to the state home department to look into the matter and provide security cover. Even after getting security, if the contractor is not ready to continue the work then we will scrap the agreement, and bring some other interested party on board,\" said Prabhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17474862", "title": "Internet freedom will not curbed, promises ITU head", "text": "DUBAI: Internet freedom will not be curbed or controlled, the head of the UN telecommunications body, Hamadoun Toure, said as a meeting to review the 24-year-old telecom regulations kicked off today.Such claims are \"completely (unfounded),\" Toure, secretary general of the International Telecommunication Union , told AFP.\"I find it a very cheap way of attacking\" the conference, he said, as the World Conference on International Telecommunications (WCIT-12) set off in Dubai to review regulations reached in 1988.Earlier, Toure told participants at the conference that the Internet freedom of expression will not be touched during the discussions at the meeting.\"Nothing can stop the freedom of expression in the world today, and nothing in this conference will be about it,\" he said.\"I have not mentioned anything about controlling the internet.\"Google has been vocal in warning of serious repercussions on the internet if proposals made by member states are approved at the WCIT-12 meeting, including permitting censorship over legitimate content.\"Some proposals could permit governments to censor legitimate speech -- or even cut off internet access,\" said Bill Echikson, Google's head of Free Expression in Europe, Middle East and Africa in a statement on Friday.The internet giant is also arguing that the ITU, which is the UN agency for information communication technologies, is not the right body to address internet issues.\"Although the ITU has helped the world manage radio spectrum and telephone networks, it is the wrong place to make decisions about the future of the internet,\" Echikson said.\"Only governments have a vote at the ITU,\" he pointed out.But Toure, whose Geneva-based organisation has 193 member states and over 700 private-sector entities and academic institutions, said that \"consensus\" is the way to make decisions at the agency.He also dismissed claims that the meetings in Dubai were secretive, telling reporters that the sessions are open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470720", "title": "Industry dept ropes in global firm for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises survey", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana's industry department has commissioned a comprehensive survey of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) sector here, a move intended to help create a database on industrial activities in places like Gurgaon, where small-scale units predominate. The department has hired a global research firm, Mott MacDonald, for the current survey, the official announcement for which was made earlier this year.\"It has become imperative to understand the dynamics of the small scale sector, particularly against the backdrop of the new parameters fixed under the provisions of the MSME Development Act, 2006,\" said a state official. The survey will include all registered as well as unregistered industrial houses operating in the region.\"Mott MacDonald is undertaking the survey. A database is also being created. The number of established and operational industries will be listed, as will be those which are in the process of being established,\" the official added.This would be the first time in the state that unorganized, small-scale businesses - like tailoring, vehicle repair and poultry, among others - will be official listed as a part of the small-scale sector. \"Such small-scale enterprises will qualify as a part of the service industry,\" the official added.The registration process for the MSME survey began only a few months back in Gurgaon's Udyog Vihar, when plot owners were handed out forms for this purpose by the industry department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17475641", "title": "Maldivian foreign minister speaks to Salman Khurshid on GMR project", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to mollify India which is upset over termination of the $500 million GMR project, Maldivian foreign minister Abdul Samad Abdullah spoke to his Indian counterpart Salman Khurshid on Tuesday and told him that a detailed communication on it will be sent to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.In a telephonic call to Khurshid, Abdullah said he was not aware of India's displeasure over the issue, sources said here.Interestingly, New Delhi has maintained that they had conveyed their displeasure to Maldives immediately after the termination of the project and asked it to ensure that Indian interest was \"fully protected\".During the conversation, Abdullah said that Maldives President Mohamad Waheed will be writing a detailed communication to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh clarifying the country's position on the termination decision.On Monday, the Singapore high court had stayed the unilateral termination of Indian Infrastructure giant's $500 million Male airport project by the Maldivian government.After the Maldivian government terminated the contentious project under domestic political pressures, GMR had moved the Singapore high court against the decision. As per the project contract, in case of any differences between parties, the law of either Singapore or UK would apply.The Maldivian Airport Company Limited (MACL), based on Maldivian government's instructions, had on November 27 terminated the contract, which was given to GMR in 2010 during the previous regime of President Mohamed Nasheed.Immediately after the Singapore high court verdict, Maldives had made it clear that its termination decision was \"non-reversible and non-negotiable\" and said no such injunction can be issued against a sovereign state.\"The government's decision is very clear. It is non-reversible and non-negotiable. Our decision was based on legal advice we got from our lawyers in UK and Singapore,\" Maldives President Mohamed Waheed's press secretary Masood Imad had said.Upset with Maldives for terminating the project, Khurshid had said it was a major setback in the bilateral relations of the two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "how the british museum's pride and joy was brought for a four-month long mumbai darshan. ten days after it was thrown open to the public, the exhibition featuring five egyptian mummies and a host of other historical artefacts brought down from the british museum has been generating quite a buzz, drawing over 6,000 visitors a day. which is nice, considering the effort that went into carting 110 objects -- some over 4,000 years old --from great russell street in london to the chhatrapati shivaji maharaj vastu sangrahalaya (csmvs) in fort. not to mention that it took rs 3 crore to put the exhibition together. the four-month-long show, titled mummy", "code": "17475308", "title": "Mummy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s secrets revealed in Mumbai", "text": "How the British Museum's pride and joy was brought for a four-month long Mumbai darshan. Ten days after it was thrown open to the public, the exhibition featuring five Egyptian mummies and a host of other historical artefacts brought down from the British Museum has been generating quite a buzz, drawing over 6,000 visitors a day. Which is nice, considering the effort that went into carting 110 objects -- some over 4,000 years old --from Great Russell Street in London to the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (CSMVS) in Fort. Not to mention that it took Rs 3 crore to put the exhibition together. The four-month-long show, titled Mummy: The Inside Story, went up on display on November 21. The first discussion, between Sabyasachi Mukherjee , the director general of CSMVS, and Neil MacGregor , the director of the British Museum, happened over a year ago.While they agreed in principle to bring the exhibition, which was travelling around the world, to Mumbai in November, 2011, British Museum had a long list of specifications that were non-negotiable. Based on these, legal contracts - from insurance documents to merchandise agreements (on how the works would be placed, how the exhibition would be priced, and how it would be branded) - were written out. Once that was in place, in March this year, a team of conservators (Nidhi Shah, Vaidehi Sanval and Omkar Kadu) led by art conservation consultant Anupam Sah started the groundwork. All the material that was to be used to house these 110 objects had to be art-conservation friendly, a set of specifications that ensures there's almost no chance of damage to the priceless relics (this isn't a standard usually followed at the CSMVS). This entailed monitoring the thickness of the glass and every little screw, to the quality of lights (UV free) above the exhibits. Additionally, special emphasis was laid on the paints that were to be used. \"The paints were put through an 'oddy test' (a procedure created by the British Museum in order to test materials for safety in and around art objects),\" Sah said. \"They wanted to ensure that the adhesives that we were using were not releasing harmful vapours that could corrode the objects.\" Special attention was paid to the climate control of the exhibition space (under 45 per cent relative humidity, and temperatures of not more than 20-23 degrees centigrade). For the 3-D film, which unravels the mystery of mummification, the museum had to acquire a special silver screen. The set up uses three different projectors. After this, Bilwa Kulkarni set up a special education and public programme, Exploring Egypt, as an extension of the exhibition. \"Education is the fundamental process that is behind the existence of the museum,\" Kulkarni said. \"We came up with as many activities as we could think of, and sent a proposal to British Museum. Gradually the entire project developed for families, children tourists, adults and groups with special needs.\" Workshops and activities involving Egyptian Hieroglyphs, how they worshipped the Gods, and their afterlife and burial practices, were put together. However, the biggest effort involved transporting the exhibition. As assistant keeper at the Department of Ancient Egypt and Sudan in the British Museum, Marcel Maree, said, \"Each object was photographed before it went on the journey , and systematically photographed when they reached Mumbai to check their condition. It's the curator's responsibility that exhibits must not get damaged when he's lending them to another museum.\" An entire team worked to transport the objects safely to the museum over three consecutive nights. The objects were placed inside insulated cases, and flown to Mumbai - unmarked and on two different flights for security reasons.The works arrived in the city in the first week of November, and were taken straight to the climate-controlled exhibition area, where they were stabilised. Then, the condition of each piece was checked. \"We had to agree with what condition the pieces came to us, and the process will be repeated four months later when the exhibition closes. Even a millimetre scratch mark is put on record, and an enquiry report will need to be written,\" Sah said. It was only after this that the artefacts were finally placed inside their showcases (in between all this, there was a visit from the customs department, which sent officials to ensure everything tallied with the lists they had been given). The curator of the show, John Taylor , said, \"Visitors will get a unique experience and understanding of Ancient Egyptian culture through this show. It is truly exciting to be bringing this to an Indian audience.\" It certainly has been worth the effort.Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472535", "title": "Adampur set to shiver the most: IMD", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A bone-chilling cold wave that had wreaked havoc in north India last year is set to return with similar intensity after Punjab's Adampur district recorded this season's lowest minimum temperature at 4.4 degrees celsius in the country's plains, the Indian meteorological department (IMD) said on Monday.Adampur, a small city in Jalandhar that had earned a similar notoriety last year in December, reported the dip in weather on November 28 last week. \"We are expecting minimum temperature in Adampur to further slide to 0.3 degrees on December 27. The place will be the coldest in India's plains this year.\" said N K Yadav, an IMD official in Delhi.In 2009, Adampur had registered the lowest minimum temperature in the plains at minus one degree Celsius. This was followed by Uttar Pradesh's Sarsawa which recorded 5.4\u00c2\u00b0C on December 2. The national capital Delhi, known for its most shivering winters among other locations in plains, has so far reported the minimum of 10.9 degrees celsius.The fall in temperature has been due to a western disturbance, which affected J&K;, Punjab and Himachal Pradesh. According to the Met department officials, the steep north-south pressure gradient has fanned strong cold winds over northwest and adjoining west and central India, which will cause the minimum temperatures to slide further at the end of the month.Haryana remained the most dry state in north India, where the maximum temperature varied in the range of 25 to 27 degrees celsius. The minimum temperature in Haryana, however, ranged between 6 to 9.8 degrees celsius. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470218", "title": "Parents tried to force girl into flesh trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 12-year-old girl from northeast Delhi has alleged that her parents tried to force her into the flesh trade. In another startling claim, she said the SHO of the area, too, had threatened her to oblige to the demand.Police believe an ugly tussle for property between her separated parents is at the bottom of it. The girl has also blamed a maternal uncle and her brother. An FIR was lodged against the relatives following a directive from a Child Welfare Committee.According to crime branch, the girl had claimed her mother didn't allow her into the house as she refused to enter the prostitution trade.\"The probe has so far found at least six people who have had a role in trying to put their stake in the property,'' said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472901", "title": "Kimmatkar's booklet to counter irrigation white paper", "text": "NAGPUR: Irrigation and Vidarbha backlog expert, Madhukar Kimmatkar has sounded the alarm on the state government's white paper on irrigation stressing that it spelled grave implications for Vidarbha.The senior Congress leader feels that unless the white paper's conclusions are countered they would again rob Vidarbha of irrigation funds. He is now preparing a booklet that would clearly spell out the disastrous implications. \"This booklet will be ready by the weekend. I will invite all MLAs to discuss it. I also challenge any government official to disprove facts that I have on the subject,\" Kimmatkar said.The Vidarbha Statutory Development Board ( VSDB) member feels that the recommendation to stop work on projects that are less than 25% complete is a ruse to divert money to projects in Western Maharashtra. Most of the Vidarbha MLAs, who have knowledge of the irrigation sector, share his opinion.Blasting the white paper, he said, \"I have read the white paper in detail and my first impression is that whoever has written is totally against Vidarbha. If the new policy is accepted, irrigation potential in this region, already affected by farmers' suicide and Naxal violence, will never be achieved.\"It is conveniently silent on the vital fact - availability of water in Vidarbha, which makes the region ideal for taking up new projects to realize its potential. On the other hand regions which do not have adequate water resources would be benefited as influential politicians there are capable of going out of the way to divert funds for their projects,\" Kimmatkar pointed out.\"Most of the forest cover of the state is located in Vidarbha. That is why projects here take years to get clearance. For instance, Human irrigation project in Chandrapur district, initiated in 1981, took 20 years to get environmental clearance. Even after the Union environment and forest ministry gave its clearance, a NGO from Mumbai took the matter to the Supreme Court. The apex court has cleared it now. While doing that the court had given specific directions to the state government to expeditiously deposit the compensatory fund for green cover losses. Till date the state has not fulfilled its commitment despite giving an undertaking to the Supreme Court,\" rued Kimmatkar.\"If Human project is shelved, it will be most tragic for farmers of Chandrapur who have waited for generations in the hope of seeing the project through which is to irrigate 40,000 hectares of land,\" said Kimmatkar. \"This also illustrates how Vidarbha has to pay a heavy price for keeping its forests, while other regions with no forest cover are free to have their way with development projects,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470757", "title": "Partha bets big on key projects in state", "text": "KOLKATA: In an effort bid to showcase Desperate to shirk off its image of pushing West Bengal to an industry-unfriendly state with its land policy, the Mamata Banerjee government is trying hard to showcase that it is actively working to draw investors to Bengal.State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee, on Monday, said that one of the two plants of ACC Cement was ready for inauguration. The plants are coming up at Sankrail and Bandel.The minister also said that Texmaco expressed interest in wants tosetting up a food processing unit at Sankrail. \"We are trying to see that the proposal gets relief from section 14Y,\" Chatterjee said. He said Essar Oil, which already has two projects here, wants to set up their third coal bed methane (CBD) project in Asansol with an investment of Rs 5,200 crore. \"We have asked them to submit a detailed project report,\" the minister added. According to him, the government wants unwilling farmers in Singur to get back their land fast. \"We will abide by the law in this matter,\" he said. tnnThe Industrial sub-committee that was constituted by the government was looking into all industrial proposals. Chatterjee, earlier, said that during its 18 months in power, the government had already cleared 222 proposals with an investment of over Rs one lakh crore in several districts.Trinamool MP Saugata Roy , who has been inducted in the advisory panel for the industries and IT departments, was preparing an industrial policy and the draft will be submitted to the chief minister soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17470450", "title": "Another power hike impending in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The state is gearing up for yet another hike in power tariff, which would be the third one in as many years.The state government, after a span of seven years, hiked the power tariff by almost 20% in September 2011, which was followed by another hike of 18% in August 2012. The power department is now expected to announce yet another hike in the next three or four months, which is expected to be close to 16%.\"The last date for submitting the proposal for power hike was November 30. The power department has forwarded the proposal to the Rajasthan Electricity Regulatory Commission. The state power department, in order to receive the next installment of the loan from the centre for restructuring its discoms, was compelled to move the proposal,'' said a senior official of the department.The next year being the election year, the hike is expected in the first quarter. Officials point out that the proposed hike in the tariff is gradually going down and the percentage of hike will dip further over the next two years. \"By the end of two years, the percentage of the hike would come down and stabilize at 8% to 10%,'' they claim.The regular hike in power tariff is part of the agreement drawn between the state government and the centre over reforms to stabilize the financial condition of the state power discoms. Last September, the centre had agreed for a financial assistance to the power discoms, the losses of which are mounting.According to the officials, the loan amount of the discoms has crossed Rs 36,000 crore and the discoms are forced to shell out Rs 4,500 crore annually only on the interest of the previous loans, which is also a tedious task. The financial restructuring will help the discoms get out of the existing debt trap.As part of the agreement, Rajasthan became the first state to get a loan of Rs 4,500 crore each by Power Finance Corporation Limited and the Rural Electrification Corporation Limited for the financial restructuring of its discoms. One of the main conditions for availing the loan is to agree to the annual power tariff hike. As per the provision, the state has to start repaying three years after getting the short-term loan, and the entire amount has to be returned in the next seven years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474489", "title": "Karthi, Premji turn singers for 'Biriyani'", "text": "Venkat Prabhu is leaving no stones unturned for his next flick 'Biriyani' starring Kathi, Hansika and Premji. The director seems to be adding something or the other every now n then to spice up his 'Biriyani' and the latest is that the lead actor Karthi is singing a song along with Premji in the film.The recording was done in the presence of Premgi Amaren as well, who is singing along with Karthi. Premgi has sung in quite a few films earlier. Set to music by Yuvan, Venkat feels the song will be a mega hit in Biriyani.Venkat has praised Karthi's singing skills and he tweeted \"Karthi is a cool singer! V always jam up isaignani songs in da sets! Karthi &amp; @Premgiamaren did a super job! Super 3some track!! @Raja_Yuvan\"Premji tweeted \"Karthi and me singing the future super duper ultimate mega hit song in BIRIYANI. Me and Karthi getting blessings from @dirvenkatprabhu and taking singing class from him.\"Karthi becomes the latest actors to join the singers bandwagon after Kamal, Vijay, Dhanush, Simbu, Vikram, Arun Vijay and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17470874", "title": "APMC notices to brokers for starting fruit auction", "text": "NASHIK: The auctions of pomegranates, which was to resume on Monday after a week-long gap, could not take place as brokers remained adamant on their demands, prompting the Nashik APMC ( Agriculture Produce Market Committee) to serve notices to them to resume work.Meanwhile, the traders have assured the Nashik APMC to purchase pomegranates directly from farmers, instead of brokers, to avoid inconvenience and losses to the farmers from Wednesday.The auctions of pomegranates has not taken place since November 26 due to the dispute between traders and brokers. During the recent meeting on Thursday, traders and brokers had reached consensus over commission (known as Vapasi) row. Brokers had agreed to pay traders one per cent commission on credit and two percent commission on cash payments and it had been decided to commence pomegranate auction regularly from today (Monday). But, an auction of pomegranate could not take place as brokers were adamant on their old stand of not giving commission to traders.Speaking to TOI, Ashok Khakale, Secretary, Nashik APMC, said, \"We have served notices to all 13 brokers, instructing them to resume auction at the earliest or face legal action. Meanwhile, we also held talks with traders and they have agreed to purchase pomegranates from farmers to avoid inconvenience and losses to farmers from Wednesday. We hope brokers will resume auction at the earliest.\"Earlier, brokers (Adatdar) used to charge 8 per cent brokerage on pomegranates and 7 per cent on vegetables from the farmers bringing their produce to APMCs. Of which, the brokers would pass on two per cent commission (known as Vapasi) to the traders. But, the state government recently reduced commission of brokers on pomegranates from eight per cent to six per cent and commission on vegetables from seven per cent to six per cent. Thereafter, brokers avoided giving two per cent commission to traders. But, traders had insisted brokers to give two per cent commissions to them.The row of commission between traders and brokers surfaced on November 26 as traders boycotted auctions, causing inconvenience and losses to farmers who had brought pomegranates to the Nashik APMC.There are around 30 pomegranate traders and 13 brokers (Adatdar) at Nashik APMC. Pomegranates worth around Rs 80 lakh are auctioned daily during the season at the Nashik APMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475756", "title": "We need more 3D cinemas: M S Guhan", "text": "Tamil producer M S Guhan of AVM studios feels there's a need to have more 3D compatible cinemas in Tamil Nadu to augment the cinema viewing experience. 'Sivaji 3D', which opens in cinemas Dec 12, is said to be the first film in India to be launched in new sound format called Dolby Atmos.\"We realised the need for more 3D compatible cinema screens when we decided to release ' Sivaji ' in 3D. At present, there are only 65 3D screens in Tamil Nadu and we are in the process of converting 50 more screens into 3D to ensure successful release of Sivaji 3D,\" says Guhan.He said that the future of cinema is 3D and we should be ready to embrace the change. Further commenting on the need to adapt to changing technologies the producer said \"We may have been slow in adapting to the oncoming change but the future of cinema is 3D. To provide wholesome cinema viewing experience to audience with changing technology, we should always be ready to embrace change.\"SPI Cinemas have been the pioneer in bringing advanced technologies to India always. Serene, Sathyam Cinemas is the first theatre India to have Dolby Atmos., which is one of the most significant development in recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474428", "title": "Manipal University will introduce 12 new courses", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474297", "title": "Ganesh Venkatraman signs Theeya Vela Seiyanum", "text": "Ganesh Venkatraman is still basking in the success of his latest Telugu film with Nagarjuna and Anushka, and has gone ahead to sign his next film in Tamil titled Theeya Vela Seiyanum.\"It's an out-and-out comedy and has Siddharth, Hansika and me in the lead. Despite being a comic caper, there is a love triangle between the three of us, who play IT professionals. Santhanam takes care of the comedy track. The film is a bilingual but the Telugu version is yet to get a title. It's a refreshing change after my last Telugu release, in which I played a character with shades of grey,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472567", "title": "Remove Thackeray's makeshift memorial in 24 hours or face consequences, BMC chief warns Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan asked the BMC to draft an action plan to remove the makeshift memorial of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray from Shivaji Park, municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on Monday night served an ultimatum on mayor Sunil Prabhu and Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Raut to remove the temporary structure within 24 hours or face the consequences.A senior BMC official told TOI that if the two Sena leaders did not heed the notice, the BMC would not only remove the structure and initiate legal proceedings against them, it would also not hesitate to disqualify Prabhu. \"Under the provisions of the BMC Act, a councillor can be disqualified for supporting unauthorised structures,\" he said. \"We hope better sense prevails and Prabhu himself takes immediate steps to remove the temporary structure.\"The BMC also filed a caveat in the Bombay high court on Monday to ensure that if any case on the temporary structure came up, no orders would be passed without hearing them.Won't give up Samadhi space: RautShiv Sena mayor Sunil Prabhu and RS MP Sanjay Raut will file a caveat on the issue of the makeshift Shivaji Park memorial for Balasaheb Thackeray on Tuesday .Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan ,to ward off a likely law-and-order problem , had conceded the demands of senior Sena leaders that Bal Thackeray be cremated at Shivaji Park in a state funeral . \"We thought that after the cremation was over , the Sena would remove the structure on its own ,\" said the official . \"We are shocked by the party's demand for a memorial on the spot .It's a clear breach of trust . Uddhav Thackeray might have expressed displeasure on the row over the memorial but his party member shave made it a prestige issue.\"Indeed , Sanjay Raut on Monday said that the Sena would not give up the samadhi space at Shivaji Park under any circumstances . Stating that the small edifice where Bal Thackeray's funeral pyre was lit on November 18 was as sacred to Shiv Sainiks as Lord Rama's temple in Ayodhya , Raut said , \"We will select a new venue for the Balasaheb's memorial . However , the government should not touch the samadhi space at Shivaji Park .\"The official said in view of the ultimatum served on the Shiv Sena leaders , lawenforcement agencies had been put on maximum alert . \"Security in and around Shivaji Park has been stepped up ,\" said the official . \"We will not allow Sena workers to take the law into their hands .\"Aware that its insistence on a memorial on the Shivaji Park ground will not comply with CRZ norms and will not go down well with residents of Shivaji Park , the Shiv Sena may withdraw its demand and suggest alternate sites including an open space near the Bandra-Worli sea link at the Bandra end , said a senior Sena functionary .(With inputs from Bhavika Jain and Sanjeev Shivadekar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17473507", "title": "Five accused acquitted in home guard's murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: The accused in the June 2009 murder of 37-year-old Neelam Rani, a police home guard, were acquitted by the court of additional sessions judge S S Panesar in the district courts, on Monday.The order was announced by the court after listening to the arguments of the prosecution and the defense councils.One of the defense councils said Neelam, who was seven months pregnant when murdered on June 23, 2009, around 2.30pm at her residence in Quila Mohalla.Neelam's second husband Kulwinder Singh had said he was present on the spot when she was murdered, but this couldn't be proved by the prosecution.Neelam was slain by sharp edged weapons and a case of double murder was registered considering her pregnancy against one accused Malwinder Singh on the statement of Sunny Shergill, her son from her first husband, at the Division no. 4 police station.However, the next day Kulwinder in his statement to the police alleged involvement of Balwinder Singh, Ricky Kaushal, Kiran Rani, Prince and Sunny Shergill in Neelam's murder.Since the prosecution could not prove Kulwinder's presence at the spot during the crime, the accused were acquitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17471377", "title": "Visa norms for some Bangladeshis to be eased", "text": "DHAKA: In order to remove the trade and non-tariff barriers between India and Bangladesh, India is working to liberalize the visa policy for select categories of Bangladesh nationals, India's ambassador to Bangladesh Pankaj Saran said on Monday.The new regime, which is expected to be established by next month, will enable Bangladeshi citizens to attain Indian visas for six months. Currently, Bangladesh citizens are given visas for India for a five-day period. The new regime is under discussions and is being considered to boost India-Bangladesh trade ties and also to keep illegal migration between the two countries under check, a indian high commissioner official told TOI.\"There is no formal agreement between India and Bangladesh on the visa regime. As a step towards showing India's commitment to joining hands with Dhaka in giving a boost to the economic prosperity of Bangladesh and its people, we have decided to adopt a liberal visa regime,\" Saran said. The liberalized new visa regime will initially be open only to select categories such as musicians, artisans, and professors, academicians and other eminent people. Bulk visas to tourists, initially will not be permitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17471618", "title": "More international students opting for Calicut university", "text": "Kozhikode: Calicut University has become a veritable melting pot of world cultures with the largest number of international student enrollment in the state.From Polish scholars studying Sanskrit to African students pursuing management studies, the international student diversity on CU campuses has seen a tremendous rise over the last four years. From just 20 students in 2008 the number has risen to over 100 students at present.The varsity is also planning to build an international students hostel at a cost of Rs 2 crore.At present CU has students from Turkey, Iran , Libya , Poland, Kenya, Nepal, Tanzania , with the maximum number coming from Afghanistan under the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR) education scholarships. Of the total of 113 ICCR sponsored students in the state, around 80 are enrolled in CU and affiliated colleges. \"We have seen a marked preference among foreign students for the Calicut University making it the largest hub of foreign students in the state. Due to the positive reference provided by the scholars, more students have been coming in,\" M R Krishnamoorthy, regional officer, ICCR said.Maciej Karasinski, a polish student who is pursuing his PhD in the varsity said that the students on the campus and the people in general are quite hospitable. \"I didn't expect that I would see such a diverse international student community here. We come from different backgrounds. But the CU campus has really provided us with a platform for cross cultural interactions which will be my biggest take away from here,\" he said. Meanwhile, the university plans also plans to increase the number of foreign students to 500 in three years. dean of students' welfare Valsarajan P said that the varsity will soon start work on its Rs 2 crore hostel exclusively for foreign students which will help accommodate more students.The dean said that the varsity has been offering a host of services to the foreign students including initial accommodation at the guest house, free preliminary medical check-up other than assistance in opening bank account. The affiliated colleges under the varsity are also eager to host foreign students. Farook College for instance has over 30 students from Afghanistan on its rolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17469665", "title": "Pak, US officials discuss the regional security", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Senior US and Pakistani defence and military officials met in the garrison city of Rawalpindi today to discuss the regional security environment and the situation along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border.The meeting of the Pakistan-US Defence Consultative Group, held at the ministry of defence, is part of efforts by the two countries to place their relationship on an even keel after a strong of crises, including the unilateral American raid that killed Osama bin Laden and the killing of 24 Pakistani soldiers in a cross-border Nato air strike last year.The two-day meet will review defence cooperation between the two countries and progress on decisions made at earlier meetings of the Defence Consultative Group, officials said.The talks will also focus on the regional security environment and challenges faced along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border.The 25-member US delegation participating in the talks is led by James Miller, under secretary of defence for policy.Miller and US ambassador Richard Olson met defence secretary Lt Gen (retired) Asif Yasin Malik before the start of the meeting.The two sides will finalize a schedule for future meetings, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17474116", "title": "Light Emitting Diode lamps to light up Manaveeyam Road soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Starting from Monday, the Manaveeyam Road will be lit up with Light Emitting Diode (LED) lights instead of sodium vapour lamps. The trial of LED lamps on the stretch will begin from Monday evening.The LED lamps will be equipped with a timer which would mean that the lights will get automatically switched on and switched off. The automated LED lamps are being introduced in the city along with the magnetic lamps as part of the city corporation's efforts to save energy and reduce cost.\"LED lights could save up to 70% power. They are highly economical and since they are automated there won't be any power loss even if they remain on at day time ,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.The lights are being installed by Bangalore-based Innova Lite Group. Five sodium vapour lamps have already been replaced with LED facility. In the next one month the corporation will analyze the metre reading and the power consumption of these lamps.'We are also following the working of magnetic lamps. We will see which of them is more cost-efficient and slowly we will go for either of these lights to light up the streets,\" said chairman of work standing committee V S Padmakumar.The LED lamps will have a life span of over five years. The maintenance and operational cost of these lamps are comparatively less than that of the usual sodium vapour street lights. Once they prove effective, all the LED lamps will be fitted with timers to turn on and off at specific times.Earlier, the corporation had installed magnetic lamps along the stretch in front of Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple. In addition the corporation has decided to light up the Putharikandam Maidan also. The magnetic lamps will be installed in addition to the six high-mast lamps that were installed by the civic body in June. The first set of lamps was installed at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore. A team of corporation officials is likely to visit Chennai to reach an agreement with a company for the supply of more magnetic lamps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17471902", "title": "Rajendra College pays tribute to first President", "text": "CHHAPRA: Speaking as the main speaker on the occasion of the 128th birth anniversary function of Rajendra Prasad, the first president of India, organized by Rajendra College on Monday, former principal Binod Kumar Singh said the country is passing through a \"thoughtless era\" and reminded the teachers of their responsibilities.The vice chancellor of J P University, Ram Binod Sinha, presided over the function.Speaking on the occasion, Singh said, \"Rajendra Prasad should be remembered because he did not demand compensation for his imprisonment during British rule, left the bar for the benefit of the country and never prepared a family tree for the benefit of his children like present day leaders.\"Wondering whether our society had really developed, he said, \"Our society has been unwell because we have not been using our own mind, instead we work under the influence of western culture.\"Speaking as chief guest, labour resources minister Janardan Singh Sigriwal, a former student of the college, said, \"I come to this college not as a minister but as a student to learn something from my teachers.\" Paying tribute to Rajen Babu, he said, \"Nineteen colleges of the state including Rajendra College have been selected as centres for excellence.\" All 19 colleges have been provided Rs 1.19 crore each to develop infrastructure, he said adding the state government is monitoring that the grant is properly utilized. Rajendra Jayanti was also celebrated at the local Zila School, the alma mater of Rajendra Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471848", "title": "Union home ministry in dark about Bihar police chief", "text": "PATNA: It is strange but true that the Union home ministry doesn't know whether the directorate or commissionerate system is operational in the Bihar police.Police officers in Bihar were shocked to know that a director-rank officer of the MHA, Prashant Nikam, IAS, has addressed the director general of police (DGP) as commissioner of police, Bihar, while informing the state about the elevation of 21 officers of Bihar Police Service to the IPS. The letter has also been marked to the chief secretary and home secretary.Is it a faux pas or ignorance on the part of the MHA official is not known but it is an irony that the MHA doesn't know that the Bihar police is headed definitely not by commissioner but by DGP.It is not a new system. In fact, A K Ghosh, IP, was the first police officer who became director general cum IG in 1975. At that time, IG used to be the police chief with all powers being vested in him. But keeping in view the seniority of Ghosh, he was designated as DG cum IG. Subsequent police officers such as A P Mishra and Rajeshwar Lal used to be called as IG only. But, again, the top post in the police hierarchy was ranked as DG cum IG till the time Bihar government came out with a new Bihar Police Act in 2007. Ashish Ranjan Sinha was the last police chief to be called DG cum IG and the first DGP. Initially, he joined as DG cum IG and after the Act was enacted, he was called DGP.But never in the annals of Bihar police, commissionerate system prevailed in the state even as police officers during the RJD regime and even in the Nitish Kumar regime repeatedly tried to impress upon the government to introduce the system of Commissioner of Police in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471007", "title": "Peitition blames ex-governor for shielding Mayawati in Taj Heritage corridor case", "text": "LUCKNOW: There is no end in sight to the Taj Heritage corridor case, involving former chief minister Mayawati and her cabinet colleague Naseemuddin Siddiqui, even after a clean-chit by the high court. A public interest litigation filed in the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday assailed the then Governor T V Rajeswar's June 3, 2007 order declining prosecution against the duo which allowed safe passage to the political bigwigs in the legal battle so far. The PIL likely to come up for hearing on December 5 also seeks direction for CBI to proceed in the case.The PIL has been referred through senior lawyer C B Pandey on behalf of Sachindra Pratap Singh, who had filed one of the six PILs in the issue which had been dismissed by the high court on November 5. \"The high court order had stated that the governor's refusal order was not challenged, therefore, the findings of the special CBI court's order which were based on that refusal order could not be disturbed,\" said the petitioner, adding that in this backdrop it is necessary to challenge the governor's order afresh.The PIL has termed the former governor's order as patently illegal and passed under political considerations. It cited council of minister's opinion along with the permission of the UP general on May 7, 2007, following which the then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav signed the file relating to Mayawati and Siddiqui pertaining to the grant of sanction and sent it to Raj Bhawan on May 8, 2007. \"Once the council of ministers and advocate general had opined to prosecute these accused against whom the CBI had collected and build evidence in the chargesheet, there was no need for the governor to seek fresh opinion from additional solicitor general, Gopal Subrahmaniam,\" stated the petitioner.It was to garner support of Mayawati's Bahujan Samaj Party in the upcoming presidential election that the Congress ruling at the Centre entered into a pact with Mayawati to give her safe passage in the THC case and it is on account of this give and take game that CBI was used and the opinions were managed at the behest of the Congress, said the PIL.The governor's over-enthusiasm in declining sanction under section 19 of the prevention of the corruption act is evidently under political considerations as the CBI had not sought sanction under this section and instead it had demanded the sanction under section 197 of the CRPC.The petitioner has made Mayawati, Siddique and Rajeswar opposite parties in the PIL along with the Centre, state and CBI.The High Court had on November 5, 2012 dismissed six PILs challenging special CBI court's order of dropping criminal proceeding against Mayawati and Siddiqui on the grounds that the CBI investigating officer had chosen to obtain sanction from the governor and once the governor refused it, the special CBI court had rightly refused to proceed further in the matter. It, however, had accepted that CBI had found adequate material against Mayawati and Siddiqui and that is why moved the governor for obtaining sanction otherwise there had been no need to move him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472654", "title": "Disturbed 16-yr-old waves sis goodbye, jumps to death", "text": "NAGPUR: The family watched helplessly as a teenager took a plunge from the Pachpaoli bridge on Sunday late evening. Poonam Samundre, 16, also waved her elder sister Pooja goodbye before climbing over the low parapet.The drastic decision undertaken by Poonam, a school dropout, left the residents of Thakkargram locality of Pachpaoli- where the Samundres stayed- in deep despair. It is learnt that Poonam, second among four siblings, suffered from mental disturbances. She had uttered repeatedly about her intention to end life in the past and also had left home without informing others. Poonam had to be retrieved after she left home under some unknown stress. Her distressed family members even said possibility of someone using black magic on the girl could not be ruled out.Her father Ravi, an employee of Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC), claimed her daughter had started behaving strangely for the last couple of years and that forced the family to withdraw the girl from school. He said the family would remain alert as Poonam had developed this tendency to leave home all of sudden owing to her mental illness.\"We had just returned after attending a family programme. Her mother was changing inside while elder sister had been filling water. Poonam was seen standing near the door and then suddenly we realized she had gone missing. Poonam was seen heading towards the bridge and we ran after her,\" said the grieving father. \"Poonam was far too ahead as she walked hurriedly to reach the top. We saw her taking the plunge after waving goodbye to her elder sister who was rushing towards her,\" he said.Poonam was rushed to a private hospital from where she was referred to Mayo Hospital where the doctor declared the girl dead. Pachpaoli police have registered the case as accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470147", "title": "Govt opposes hookah bars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposing the mushrooming of hookah bars in restaurants, the city government on Monday told the Delhi high court that youngsters are getting attracted to these bars and it may affect their health.Appearing for Delhi government, advocate Najmi Waziri told the bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw that \"state government has expressed its concern over hookah bars where youngsters are going and which may adversely affect their health.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17471856", "title": "'Disabled people can be gifted'", "text": "PATNA: They are not disabled but differently-abled and have a knack of displaying their ability if given a chance. These words of wisdom were spoken by the secretary general of Disabled Sports and Welfare Academy, Suman Kumar, on the occasion of International Day of People with Disability (IDPwD) on the premises of Government Blind High School here on Monday. The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Bihar State Council, had organized a 'Session on International Day of People with Disability' to motivate the visually challenged children of the school that they were less than none.Suman Kumar, who himself is differently abled and wheelchair-ridden, motivated the visually challenged students by narrating them his own story. He said that during his childhood, his disability came to the fore, and as is normal, his parents got very worried about his future. But he proved their apprehensions wrong and today he leads a life like any normal human being and also earns a good living for himself. Despite being challenged, Suman has experienced the adventure of mountaineering and trekking.Each year, the UN announces a theme for the day that is based on the goal of full and equal enjoyment of human rights and participation in society by people with disability and the theme for the year was \"Removing barriers to create an inclusive and accessible society for all\".While delivering the theme address, Alok Kumar, member of CII, Bihar State Council, expressed his desire to work not only for the well-being of the visually challenged students of the school, but also for the other challenged in need of assistance. He also said that in every organization, be it private or public, at least one physically disabled should be given a post to give proper encouragement to them.\"Such programmes are very necessary for the development of these children. In this session, they were made to believe that though they lack the qualities others have, they are differently gifted from God, which is very much true,\" said Manju Devi, a primary teacher at the school. Manju herself is visually challenged.Gifts and food packets were distributed among the children and three pedestal fans were donated to the school by the CII on the occasion. Also to express their gratitude towards CII, a visually-challenged boy from the audience presented a melodious song. The vote of thanks was given by Usha Jha, a member of CII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470589", "title": "Kabir fears for life, slams Adhir", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress-Trinamool row refuses to die down. In a fresh salvo at his former party, junior state minister Humayun Kabir alleged that he was under tremendous pressure, even from apolitical people, ever since he had decided to leave Congress.\"Who knows what will happen to me? There could be a plot to murder me too. I have been receiving threat calls, ever since I had decided to leave Congress. Adhir Chowdhury was intimidating me. I have lodged a police complaint, spoke to the Murshidabad SP and even the chief minister on this. I have urged for more security. They may resort to anything to stop others from breaking away from Congress, including intimidation,\" Kabir said.Though Kabir was talking to the reporters at the Writers', his words were aimed more at the Rejinagar constituency in Murshidabad, where he needs to seek a fresh mandate in the bypolls, slated in February 2013. In his complaint made before the Beldanga Police on November 16, Kabir named one Monaim Sheikh, who is believed to be close to a Congress MLA. This person is perceived close to another Congress MLA.Adhir, too, isn't mincing any words against Kabir dubbing him treacherous and a 'villain - one who broke people's trust'. And being in Murshidabad, also Mir Jafar.Linking his defection to greed, Adhir alleged: \"Congress can't fulfil everyone's greed, perhaps Trinamool can. Trinamool is treating all our discards as assets. This is not right.Time will only clear everything.\" Adhir's charges against Kabir are also based on the fact that the latter had attended a railway programme in Plassey on November 10, as a Congress MLA only to switch over to Trinamool three days later.Murshidabad police superintendent Humayun Kabir said: \"A complaint has been lodged by the minister. We are probing into it. Proper action will be taken.\"Kabir didn't stop at it. Taking offence at Adhir's insinuations that he had ditched Congress for a MoS post, Kabir alleged, \"I have been in Congress since 1982, much before Adhir Chowdhury joined. I would like to ask where did Adhir Chowdhury come from? Unlike him, I have not changed three parties before joining Congresss.\"Between November 24 and December 2, Adhir has held no less than two public meetings and several indoor party workers meetings to offset the damage caused by Kabir's defection. Kabir alleged that in the interim three days he was humiliated and insulted by his own party men, including Adhir. \"Everyone knows of his antisocial background. It was we who'd helped him when there were several warrants (of arrests) against him. It was we who had helped him win the Lok Sabha polls, twice in a row. Even now, there are several leaders in the faction-ridden Congress who are in touch with me. It will take a month-and-a-half for another round of switchover,\" he claimed.The Congress-Trinamool face-off on Monday turned worser with Congress rebel Humayun Kabir, now a junior state minister, launching into a no-holds barred tirade against minister of state for railways Adhir Chowdhury even claiming there is a plot to murder him and he is facing life threats on phone ever since his defection. Though Kabir spoke to reporters at Writers Building, his message was more aimed at his Rejinagar constituency in Murshidabad where Adhir is desperately trying to plug the holes in his once-formidable bastion. His defection - and subsequent resignation from the state assembly - means he needs to seek a fresh mandate in the ensuing bypolls within six months, in February 2013.Kabir only stopped short of directly accusing Adhir to have made the life threats or hatching a plot to murder him. The minister seemed to suggest that this has been a routine ever since he first met Mukul Roy on November 5, with even apolitical people threatening him from leaving Congress.(With inputs from Kabita Chowdhury in Berhampore)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17475402", "title": "Pollutants snuffing out aquatic life in Visakhapatnam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Barely 30 years ago, playful Bottlenose Dolphins were among the plethora of sea creatures that used to happily cavort and thrive in the waters off the Vizag coast. Today, this mammal along with the Olive Ridley turtle is among the over 21 species including the whale shark, Pristis fish, Zygaena (a variety of shark) and even the local variety of Hilsa that are vanishing at an alarming rate from Vizag's waters and are now staring at extinction.Increased mechanised fishing and rapid industrialisation are wreaking havoc on the delicate marine ecosystem of the region and in the bargain, changing the face of Vizag's coastline for worse.Experts cautioned that the dissolved oxygen levels in Vizag waters were fast approaching the minimum point of 4 mg per litre and had even reached the 4.48 mark in certain polluted zones. In non-polluted zones, oxygen levels are as high as 5.61 mg per litre.\"The entire coastline right from Appikonda and beyond to Rushikonda is a threatened zone,\" said Professor U B Reddy of the department of environmental sciences at Andhra University (AU).According to officials of the fisheries department, the Bay of Bengal is home to over 215 species of fish in addition to dolphins and 20 species of shrimp. They admitted that though the local fisherfolk catch at least 20 species of fish and the Tuna population remains relatively stable, many of the just off-shore fish face extinction as their nesting and spawning areas are being wiped out.In fact, a report submitted by the Pariyavaran Samrakshana Samithi (PSS), warned that fishing activity would be forced to a total halt in the next ten years if immediate steps to prevent pollutants from entering the sea were not taken.The PSS report observed that industrial units across the coastline had already ruined the livelihood of fisherfolk right from Appikonda to the beaches closer to Bheemili and made it clear that further industrialisation would permanently spell doom for those dependent on the coast.Experts are now also raising an alarm over the waters off the Vizag coast witnessing another alarming phenomenon - the rapidly falling presence of Phytoplankton in the waters. \"Phytoplankton, being a primary producer, affects the food chain. Its depleting presence and the growth of pollution-resistant microbes and bacteria is a clear sign of the balance going for a toss,\" cautioned Reddy, pointing out that there were basically two types of plankton - Phyto and Zoo, both of which play an equally important role in maintaining harmony and balance in sea water.\"We need to understand that marine ecology when tampered with is damaged beyond repair. We are not just talking about a few species dying out. The effects of sea pollution are anything but local because after all the waters carry everywhere,\" said P Jagadish, a research scholar at AU department of environmental studies.Experts pointed out that the sea pollution plaguing Vizag can be categorised into industrial pollution, pollution through sewage and pollution resulting due to material leakages. \"In the Visakhapatnam zone, the main culprits are industries, the harbour and the ports. Despite the best efforts of the port and some of the industrial units, a lot of material and industrial waste finds its way into the sea. For instance, water from some of the heavy industries has temperatures of close to 1000 degrees Celsius and when released directly into the sea, they have an immediate effect on fish spawning,\" Jagadish explained.Speaking on material leakage and industrial pollutants finding their way into the sea, professor Reddy said, \"No matter how hard they try, there is a lot of industrial pollution and material leakage in the sea waters off Visakhapatnam. While material leakage occurs mainly due to oil spills and during cargo loading and unloading, its effects are obviously painful oil leaks that prevent oxygen from penetrating the water surfaces and suffocate marine life forms by preventing them from breathing. Cargo pollution results in silting and prevention of generation of plankton.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kota", "code": "17470475", "title": "Kota rail division sets record, collects Rs1 cr as fine", "text": "KOTA: The Kota railway division has set a record by collecting over Rs 1 crore as fine in the month of November during its ticket checking drive, a senior official said on Sunday.The ticket checking drive was conducted in 37 passenger trains and Rs 1.03 crore were collected in fines from 22,571 cases.Divisional railway manager (DRM), Kota division N Madhusudan Rao told reporters the amount collected as fine by Kota division in the foregoing month of November \"is the highest in any such drive during its almost six decade existence\".Rao also informed Kota Railway division had also collected Rs 91.03 lakh in May and Rs 91.08 lakh in June of the same year.The division is also taking measures to check the crimes on the track of Kota-Mathura area and security has also been tightened particularly in air-conditioned coaches.\"Security in the area is also an issue but following the trace out of mobile numbers and faces of the members of criminal gangs working in the divisional area, the number of criminal incidents has considerably reduced,\" the DRM further added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475256", "title": "Naan Raajavaga Pogiren audio for youngsters", "text": "Young Music director GV Prakash Kumar says his upcoming music album 'Naan Rajavaga Pongiren' starring Nakul is for college goers and the music director is fairly confident about his scores. Naan Rajavaaga Pongiren directed by debutant Prithviraj Kumar has cinematography by Velraj under Udhayam VLS Cine Media productions.GV Prakash tweeted recently \"Final mix of Naan Rajavaaga Pogiren by @jehovahsonalghr and@hariondmix going on ... Audio release soon ... This album is for collegecrowd.\"Dhanush will be unveiling the soundtracks of Naan Rajavaaga Pongiren scheduled on 14th December, which has a song called 'Kalaipom' rendered by STR aka Simbu.Dhanush and Simbu would be sharing the stage for the second time after their first at SIIMA awards, which happened in Dubai , and they song the famous Why This Kolaveri together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17470897", "title": "Monday morning coldest so far at 7 deg Celsius", "text": "LUCKNOW: The minimum temperature in the city dropped to 7 degrees Celsius on Monday, the lowest in this winter season (2012-13) so far. The weatherman predicted no significant change in the cold conditions in next few days. While mist will prevail in the morning, sky will remain clear during the day but night will be chilly.Earlier, this winter, the city recorded minimum temperature 7.1 degrees Celsius on November 28 and 7.5 degrees Celsius on November 29, which were lowest in last 15 years. October this year had recorded lowest minimum temperature in last one decade. Now, similar trend is continuing in December. State Met director JP Gupta said early snowfall in the hills due to western disturbances this year is responsible for low minimum temperatures in UP. \"The northwesterly winds coming from the snow-fed hills have brought the chill to plains. Another western disturbance is likely to hit the hills by December 7,\" he added.On Monday, the lowest minimum temperature in the plains was 3.9 degree Celsius recorded at Churu, Rajasthan. Muzaffarnagar was the coldest in UP with 4 degree Celsius followed by Najibabad with 4.8 degree Celsius and Kanpur and Rae Bareli recorded 5.6 degree Celsius each. The western and central parts of UP were colder than the eastern and Bundelkhand. Agra recorded 6.4 degree Celsius, Shahjahanpur 6.5 degree Celsius, Allahabad 8.7 degree Celsius and Varanasi 9.2 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17475087", "title": "Kashimira builder booked for stealing water", "text": "MUMBAI: A police case has been registered against a Kashimira based builder for allegedly stealing water from the civic pipeline.The Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporartion (MBMC) registered a case under the Bombay Municipal Act against Hiral Homes, constructing a residential complex in Pandurangwadi of Kashimira.The builder had allegedly laid six water pipelines of one inch each to pull water from the MBMC's 100 ml water pipeline passing through the construction site. According to civic officials, the eight storey residential buildings having three wings was not given water connection.The Kashimira police found that huge amount of water was being illegally supplied to the building. No arrest has been made in the case. The municipality has disconnected the illegal water connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17471172", "title": "Open dumping at Sonsoddo to stop from December 15", "text": "MARGAO: The stench of rotting garbage at Sonsoddo will soon be passe, and with it the ordeal of residents in the vicinity who have had to bear the sordid saga of the dump yard.Come December 15, the open dumping of garbage at Sonsoddo will end, and all incoming garbage will be directed to the solid waste management (SWM) plant a few meters away. Here, it will be processed at the state-of-the-art treatment plant which is \"almost\" ready for commissioning.\"The actual commissioning of the solid waste management plant will take place only after the landfill is ready. The landfill is under construction and will take at least four more months for completion. Hopefully the plant will be commissioned before the monsoon,\" said Sridhar Kamat, CEO, Fomento Green, the concessionaire of the project.He added, \"What we intend to do by December 15 is to stop open dumping of garbage at Sonsoddo and move the daily incoming waste inside our plant where it will be subjected to required processing and treatment.\"The SWM plant having a design capacity of 80 TPD (tonnes per day) is built on a design, build, own, operate and transfer (DBOOT) basis for a period of 25 years, at a cost of Rs 7.31 cr to the Margao municipal council (MMC). The plant uses the \"aerobic windrow composting method\" of treatment and all processes are almost fully mechanized, carried out by state-of-the-art imported machines and remote-controlled cranes. An overhead electrically operated travelling crane (EOT), two stationary cranes and three trommels constitute the array of machines installed at the plant.In this method the waste is spread in long rows (windrow) and periodically mechanically turned with the help of the EOT.\"It's a one of its kind treatment plant in terms of the covered area of the plant and scale of mechanized operations,\" Kamat stressed.He elaborated, \"Besides being entirely covered (nearly 5,000 sq m of built-up area), 95% of the operations are mechanized, thus we engage least manpower. As there is minimum use of IC (internal combustion) engines, the emissions are also reduced to a considerable extent. There is also an adequate arrangement for leachate control, with the 50,000 litre-collection sump ensuring nothing goes into the sewers.\"The Sonsoddo plant is being designed to be projected as a model SWM facility. Apart from facilities of canteen, washrooms and lodging for its personnel, the project envisages setting up a testing laboratory and a classroom for teaching aspects of garbage management. \"Field visits can be arranged by educational institutions to our plant,\" Kamat said.Fomento has also offered its technical support to MMC for the latter's door-to-door garbage collection system. \"The SWM plant in itself is not a solution for garbage. The door-to-door collection of garbage and its segregation at source is crucial for the successful functioning of the plant,\" Kamat cautioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470262", "title": "NHAI wants more security at UP toll plazas", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has written to the UP government to ensure adequate police deployment at all toll plazas on national highways across the state after farmers started taking over the plazas.Sources in NHAI said the letter was sent to the state chief secretary on Monday, a day after Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) activists forcibly took over the Dasna toll plaza on NH-24. \"Since law and order is a state subject, we have asked the government to provide police protection, so that lawful tolling can resume at plazas,\" a senior NHAI official said. Last week, authority officials had held a meeting with the DMs of Meerut and Muzaffarnagar on the Daurala toll plaza issue. \"Without states' cooperation no toll road can be operated and we expect the government would take appropriate steps,\" the official said.Farmers continued their protest for the second day at Dasna toll plaza, and removed the barriers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17475373", "title": "Forest dept seeks report on tiger deaths", "text": "BOKARO: The district wildlife wing of the state forest department which inspected the Jawaharlal Nehru Biological (JNB) Park here on Monday has found some major lacunas that are affecting the wildlife and greenery of the zoo. They have sought improvement in this regard.The visit of divisional forest officer (DFO)-cum-wildlife warden, Bokaro, K Manish Arvind came close on the heels of a death of a six-month-old white tiger cub, Arvind, on November 27. He gave several instructions to the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) authorities, who run and maintain it, about better upkeep of the animals. DGM (town and services) Rajvir Singh along with JNB Park in charge-cum-vet G Chakrobarty was present during the inspection.Arvind asked the zoo authorities to submit a detailed report mentioning the source that caused the disease to the cub and its death. Akbar died of enteritis (acute loose motion) on November 27. In the past eight months, four tigers, including two cubs, died in the zoo. Since 2005, the Bokaro zoo lost more than a dozen inmates including seven tigers.The JNB Park, popularly known as the Bokaro zoo, is spread over 127 acres and situated at the heart of the town. It boasts of 340 species of birds and animals, including 81 belonging to endangered species. At present, two from the big cat family, Amar and its mother tigress Ganga, is surviving. Arvind said he had assessed the condition of the zoo including all its enclosures.\"While inspecting the zoo, I found three major lacunas. The zoo employees are not maintaining hygiene in supplying food to the animals, the general upkeep of the enclosures is poor and the damaged boundary wall is making the wildlife habitat unsafe,\" said Arvind. The zoo is also facing manpower shortage which is affecting its maintenance.The DFO said he had instructed the zoo staff to first boil the meat before giving it to the animals as it would reduce the bacterial load. \"They (the staffers) should also take a foot bath with water mixed with disinfectant before entering the enclosures. Brochures mentioning the dos and don'ts and other details about the park should be given to the visitors at the time of purchasing entry tickets,\" he said. At present, the park provides brochures only to the VIP visitors.'Arvind said during the visit to the enclosures of sloth bears and others, he found that there was a need for its improvement. The BSL officials assured him to work on improvement of the facilities and follow the instructions sincerely. The sample of the carcass of the cub will be sent to Indian Veterinary Research Institute in Barelli (Uttar Pradesh) to ascertain the origin of the disease which led the cub die.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472090", "title": "Couple held for 36 hrs, HC blasts police", "text": "MUMBAI: Slamming the police for detaining an elderly couple for 36 hours in a dowry harassment case without showing them as arrested, the Bombay high court on Monday said, \"If it was allowed, this would have been the easiest thing to do-\u00e2\u20ac\u201dkeep an accused in custody for investigation without showing him as arrested.\" The court indicated that the state government may have to shell out compensation to the couple for the illegality. \"The state cannot deny responsibility (for the police action ). It allows such police officers to continue till superannuation ...it has to bear the consequences ,\" the judges said. The case dates back to 2011, when a criminal complaint of dowry harassment was registered against Niraj Zariwala and his elderly parents Ramesh (66) and Hansa (63) by his wife at Navghar police station in Mulund. Around 8.20pm on December 2, 2011, sub-inspector Mahadeo Nikam, the investigation officer in the case, picked up Ramesh and Hansa from their home in Aurangabad. They were first taken to Sholapur and then brought to Mulund. At 8.10am on December 4, they were officially shown as arrested. The Bhoiwada court released the senior citizens on bail the same day. \"If they had been arrested on December 2 as the law mandates, they could have moved for bail the same day. Instead, they were illegally kept in custody for 36 hours without being told the reason for their detention. Their relatives too were not informed,\" said advocates V D Purwant and Sachin Deokar who represented the couple. The court had earlier transferred the probe to Vikhroli police station. On Monday, the court also sought to know why the then senior police inspector of Navghar police station had not taken remedial measures after checking the police station register. The high court has reserved the judgement in the case. This is the third such incident before the Bombay HC this year. In March, the court directed the state to shell out Rs 2.75 lakh to SoBo resident Veena Sippy, who was illegally put in the lock-up for a night. Last week, the court asked the state to pay damages of Rs 15,000 to Bhiwandi's Kadar Solanki for illegally detaining him in a police station for a few hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472829", "title": "Aadhar card doesn't have date of birth", "text": "NAGPUR: The unique identification number (UID), renamed as Aadhar, was supposed to be one of the documents to eliminate submission of multiple papers for identification but due to absence of date of birth on Aadhar, people may find it difficult to access government and non-government services assuming it to be a sole document.Aadhar is an initiative of Unique Identification Authority of India (UIAI) of the government to create a unique ID for every Indian resident but people are being asked for additional documents as age proof.The government has assured that Aadhar will help individual to access services like banking, mobile phone connections and other services.\"All assurances gave an impression that by using Aadhar card one will not need to carry multiple documents for availing service benefits and limitations of other cards issued earlier will be done away with. But it is not true,\" says Avinash Prabhune, a consumer rights activist.Prabhune says Aadhar cards do not mention date of birth although documentary evidence was submitted at the time of enrolment. The cards indicate only year of birth, therefore this card is not helping as age proof in banks and other places.However, Aadhar is acceptable by the railways and MSRTC. Central Railway public relations officer (PRO) P D Patil said Aadhar card is acceptable for providing concession in fares to senior citizens.\"Even MSRTC is accepting Aadhar as a document to provide concession in fare. We calculate the age based on the year mentioned on the card,\" an ST official said.However, even if railways and MSRTC accept Aadhar, banks have been demanding additional documents. \"As per the RBI guidelines we have been introducing the central banking system ( CBS ) which needs other documents too. A new account cannot be opened only on the basis of Aadhar. We demand pan card as age proof,\" said branch manager of a nationalized bank, seeking anonymity.Till now more than Rs 2,000 crores have been spent on the UID scheme and 23 crore residents have been enrolled so far but none of these cards bear the date of birth.\"Recording birth date on Aadhar card could sort out problems. I strongly support the scheme as after its integration with other systems, it may be possible that UID data will be shared but till that time multiple papers will be required for vital transactions,\" says Vinayak Prabhune, a retired government official.Prabhune wrote to UIAI officials twice to mention the date of birth on Aadhar cards but they did not reply. He says as a large population does not known their date of birth, only year is recorded but it should be mentioned on the cards of those who know their date of birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17474696", "title": "'Keep basement for parking purpose'", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has issued orders for those seeking building permission for commercial complexes to allot basements only for parking, failing which their permission would be cancelled.\"The BMC has issued orders that it is mandatory to keep basement for parking for those who have acquired building permission for commercial complexes failing which the corporation will cancel their respective building permissions and announce these buildings as illegal,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI.\"It is a little difficult for the BMC to act against the existing occupants of basements in commercial complexes across the city as they have acquired a stay either from the high court or the local courts,\" he said, adding, \"We are trying our best to resolve this issue.\"In every market of the city, there are at least 10 commercial complexes with basements used for commercial purposes. \"The owners normally secure approval for building permission after mentioning parking spaces in the basement but once they start construction work they build small shops here and sell them,\" BMC additional commissioner Pramod Shukla told TOI.\"The issue was raised three years ago when the then urban administration minister called for a survey of such buildings and asked the corporation to take action. However, nothing moved further,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472714", "title": "2 students on bike killed in road accident", "text": "CHENNAI: Two students were killed in a road accident when an unknown vehicle rammed into their bike on Arcot Road near Saligraman on Sunday morning.The deceased, Madhan, 18, a Class 12 student, and Logesh, 20, a college student, were returning home after visiting their friend's house in Porur when the accident happened. Police said Madhan and Logesh were hit by the vehicle while they were taking a sharp turn. The other vehicle was closely following the bike.Police personnel from the Pondy Bazaar traffic investigation wing went to the accident spot and sent the students to the Government Royapettah hospital, where doctors declared them 'brought dead'. Police have registered a case and launched a hunt for the unknown vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472644", "title": "Nagpur buses withdraw from Kamptee-Khaparkheda route", "text": "NAGPUR: Failure of Nagpur rural police to control the lawless autorickshaw drivers along Kamptee-Khaparkheda route has resulted in city bus services being withdrawn from the route. The decision was taken on and implemented from Monday. A total of four buses made 40 trips per day on that route and now commuters have been left totally at the mercy of autorickshaws.There is a stiff competition between autorickshaw drivers, six seater autos on the route and bus services were hurting both. The auto drivers continue to trouble the bus drivers and conductors and have often resorted to violence. \"This is a daily nuisance. Our staff has been beaten on occasions. When we thought that the situation was going out of control and we couldn't risk the safety of our staff any more we decided to withdraw the services,\" said a city bus official.Sources said involving the police invited further problems as the auto drivers ganged up and targeted the bus drivers and conductors who often travel alone. \"Police require an FIR with names, but that can backfire and even threaten the life of the staff,\" said the source. The official also said even demand for bus service on the route was not great as only around 150 people used the buses.Sources said municipal commissioner fully backed the stopping of services that threatened the safety of the employees. \"If the need is expressed by the public, we will restart the services with the help of the police,\" a senior official said.This is not the first time that bus services have been stopped due to activities of anti social elements. Earlier in the year, bus services to Godhani village were stopped by a local goon for the benefit of auto rickshaw drivers of the area. They were later resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470547", "title": "Squatters on large tracts of DDA land", "text": "NEW DELHI: A high court-appointed committee on encroachments inspected Mahipalpur in southwest Delhi recently and found encroachments on about 40,000 square yards of Delhi Development Authority property. This includes an old water body, parts of which have been taken under government buildings and on a portion of which a road is being constructed at present.\"The committee was accompanied by DDA officials who saw the extent of the encroachment. They have been asked to take immediate action,\" said a source.A water body spread over 27 bigah is almost completely destroyed. \"Large parts have been occupied by houses, some by government buildings and now a road is also coming up on it. The road is necessary since the existing road from Vasant Kunj to Mahipalpur is choked, but why has it been planned over the water body? Most of it has been built. Some of the houses have also been demolished. With large tracts of the water body already filled, efforts will have to be made to remove the debris in order to restore it,\" said an official.At several places, parts of the 'gram khal' or common land in the urban villages have been encroached upon. At one particular place, members of the committee found a taxi stand and 11 living quarters for drivers. \"There were taxis and some old cars parked and it was evident that some transport business was being carried out from there. Houses have come up that have been let out while several commercial establishments can also be seen. There is one farmhouse also on DDA land. This land is meant for common use and cannot be handed over to anyone for private use,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472189", "title": "Youth arrested for theft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a case of theft, Chandigarh police arrested Kuljeet Singh, 20, a resident of Sector 15, who was accused of sneaking into Waseem Noor's residence in the same sector on wee hours of Sunday and fleeing with a laptop and other valuables. Kuljeet's father is a government employee in Chandigarh.Investigating officer Ashok Kumar said Waseem is preparing for civil services exam and stays in a rented accommodation in Sector 15. \"On Saturday night, he forgot to bolt the door and Kuljeet gained entry at around 2am. He stole a laptop, a wallet containing cash Rs 2,500, ATM Card, ID card and other documents from the room,\" he added.Kumar said they detained Kuljeet on the basis of suspicion as he has a notorious past and he admitted to the crime when questioned by the cops. \"He had indulged in petty crimes in the area earlier too, and our personnel had an eye on his activities,\" he added. Kuljeet was produced in the court on Monday and was sent to two-day police remand. A school dropout, he had filled forms of Class XII exams through a private board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472670", "title": "State ropes in corporate houses for Republic Day", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has sought help from top corporate houses to spark life and public enthusiasm into its Republic Day celebrations on January 26. As part of a grand plan, to be partly funded by corporate houses such as Tata, Reliance and HDFC, among others , the government is looking to add colour and public integration to the mundane show of state's might and prowess.On Monday, chief secretary JK Banthia held a meeting with top honchos, including nalized Anand i Mahindra a blueprint and on Deepak the lines Parekh of festivities , and fiheld in Sydney and New York, said officials.The government plans to hold laser and fireworks shows at landmarks like Marine Drive, Haji Ali, Bandra-Worli Sea Link and Gateway of India. Music bands would be deployed at important locations and footpaths and traffic circles will be decorated. Corporate houses will have to ensure iconic private buildings too are lit up. At Gateway, night lightings will be put up at circles and on the yachts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17472164", "title": "First year of marriage is the hardest: Study", "text": "Melbourne: Honeymoon period is just a myth and in fact couples are unhappiest in their first year of marriage , according to a new study. Australian researchers have found that the happiest husbands and wives are those who have notched up more than 40 years of wedded bliss.The study by Deakin University's Australian Centre on Quality of Life, measured the happiness of 2000 people on a scale of 0-100 , 'The Sydney Morning Herald' reported.The average score for the Australian population was 75 but couples in their first year of marriage scored a rating of 73.9 compared with people who have been married for more than four decades at 79.8.\"It's a little unexpected because the perception is that newly-wed couples should be the happiest but in reality that's not the case,\" lead author, Melissa Weinberg, said.Weinberg describes the phenomenon as the \"wedding hangover\" or the crash experienced by couples after the big day. \"People imagine their wedding day to be the best day of their lives,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17471453", "title": "Pilot project for rural e-connectivity kicked off in Ajmer", "text": "JAIPUR: The UPA-II government is all set to connect 2.5 lakh gram panchayats across the country with broadband connectivity within a year with a view to improve public delivery mechanism. The pilot project has been kicked off at Arain gram panchayat block samiti in Ajmer district.\"To accelerate the reach of connectivity and to enhance development and innovation at the grassroots, there is a plan to provide optic fibre-based broadband connectivity to 2.5 lakh gram panchayats in the country,\" said Anupam Srivastava, senior general manager, BSNL .At an average of 2 km fibre per village, the project entails laying down around 5 lakh km of fibre. The project is financed by the Universal Service Obligation (USO) Fund, where 5% revenues of all telecom companies are pooled in to fund ventures that telecom services to people.\"The deadline for the project is December 2013 and a special purpose vehicle SPV Bharat Broadband Nigam Ltd has already been readied to implement it,\" said Srivastava.To reap the real benefits of broadband connectivity, it is essential to develop appropriate apparatus to facilitate optimum use of applications for a range of subjects, from education, health to agriculture and employment.\"The state government would provide the required number of computers in the panchayats. There are 30 gram panchayats that have been shortlisted and we are working with specific focus on e-education, e-medicine and e-sports with 50-60 schools. This would leapfrog development at the grassroots' level,\" he said.According to a recent World Bank Report, a 10% broadband penetration leads to a 1.38% increase in per capita GDP in developing countries. And with 70% of the country's population residing in the villages, the inclusive growth agenda of the government can only be realized by addressing the growth and development issues in rural India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17473689", "title": "A cartoon portrayal of VS Achuthanandan and some revelations", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition leader VS Achuthanandan once tried to learn Hindi for about three months with an ambition to communicate effectively with CPI(M) politburo members and leaders from the north. And KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala , who never misses a chance to attack Achuthanandan, actually considers the latter as his yoga guru and religiously follows the tips that the veteran politician had given him.These are some of the startling as well as humorous revelations in 'Vara Vari Vee Yess', (loosely translated as Cartoon, Prose and VS), which was released by chief minister Oommen Chandy at the 16th international book fair being conducted by the DC Books at the Kanakakkunnu Palace on Monday.Published by the DC Books, 'Vara Vari Vee Yess' is a compilation of articles written about Achuthanandan by 15 noted personalities, including Chandy, CPM politburo member Sitaram Yechury, CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan, former chief justice of India KG Balakrishnan and Chennithala. It also has 15 well-known cartoonists' more than 100 most popular cartoons featuring Achuthanandan.\"The cartoons give a clear picture of the political career of Achuthanandan. It was D Vijayamohan, Malayala Manorama's Delhi bureau chief, who revealed that Achuthanandan had once tried learning Hindi,\" cartoonist Sudheernath, who edited the book, told TOI.While releasing the book, the chief minister said that Keralites value cartoons more than any other community. \"Many cartoonists from Kerala have shone at the national level and VS has always been their favourite subject,\" observed Chandy.Presiding over the release function, KC Joseph, minister for culture, said that four lines and two catchy captions are worth more than a full page article. The minister later drew a cartoon of Achuthanandan following the simple tips given in one of the chapters on how to draw VS.UA Khader's travelogue, 'Ormakalude Pagoda', and 'Magic Oven Fabulous Recipes', penned by Lakshmi Nair, were also released at the same function.Writer Punathil Kunhabdulla, writer and former state chief secretary D Babu Paul and others spoke.End.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17469237", "title": "Conscious eating", "text": "When one's food is pure, one's being becomes pure. Chandogya Upanishad 7.26.2 * Appreciate fully what you are eating, enjoy it fully, breathing and smelling the aroma to add to the taste, chewing slowly and well, to taste more and to digest better. Discover the subtleties of taste. Gently keep bringing the wandering mind back to tasting fully what you're eating. Feel the difference! Give thanks for the chance to be able to enjoy what you eat. Kalari Kovilakom, Kerala * If you eat with love that is good; what you just gulp down like anything, that will kill you. Sant Kirpal Singh * Food to a large extent is what holds a society together and eating is closely linked to deep spiritual experiences. Peter Farb &amp; George Armelagos", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472984", "title": "The sad story of Lower Venna project", "text": "NAGPUR: Corruption and repeated fund diversion may not be the only causes that have deprived Vidarbha from realizing its irrigation potential. Wrong planning and faulty execution have done damage in equal measures. The Lower Venna project aptly illustrates this.The project that got administrative sanction in 1979, envisaged creation of two reservoirs - one by damming Nand river in Umred taluka and another at Wadgaon from the waters of the Venna river. Total water availability was to the tune of 190 million cubic meters (MMC) with a projected irrigation potential of 19,500 hectares. A left canal of 67km along with further 27km of tail distributaries were created. The right canal was 12km long with 10km of tail distributaries. The dam as well as canals were earthen.The project was finally executed in 1992. But today, the irrigation hardly reaches 8,000 hectares, less than half of what the project was planned for. This is because 68% of the total water available was allocated to non-irrigation purposes. As many much as 122 MMC of the total 190 MMC was diverted from irrigation. Of these 22 MMC went to drinking use which is given top priority. But a major chunk, 95MMC was allocated to industrial use. Thus the project's irrigation shrunk by 11,000 hectares.\"I came to know about this glaring lapse recently when farmers of Wardha district, who were the intended beneficiaries, complained to me. They were told that the irrigation potential could now be revived by cement concrete lining of the canals to stop loss by seepage. But for this funds were yet to be sanctioned by the government,\" said Madhukar Kimmatkar, expert member of Vidarbha Statutory Development Board.\"This inaction by the government was more shocking because it has already collected a sum of around Rs 77 crore as compensatory fee from industrial and other non-irrigation users. This funds went to revenue receipts of the government. \"This money if retained for the project is adequate to complete cement lining of canals and increase irrigation capacity of the project. Nut now it will have to routed through state budget which is time consuming and cumbersome,\" said Kimmatkar. \"Such funds from many Vidarbha projects are lying with the government but seldom used for maintenance and upkeep of the faltering irrigation schemes. If they are kept in a deposit head instead of being put in revenue receipt, this problem could be solved,\" he summed up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17473541", "title": "Honours for scientists of Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University at Punjab Agricultural University", "text": "LUDHIANA: Work of scientists of Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU) was recognized in an international conference on \"Sustainable Agriculture for Food and Livelihood Security\" recently at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU).R S Grewal, nutritionist-cum-dairy manager, received the best paper award for research paper. \"The milk production, milk composition, rumen fermentation and blood metabolites in crossbred cows receiving monens in supplementation.\"S Saijpaul, senior nutritionist from department of animal nutrition, has won second best prize for her poster presentation on \"Nutrient utilization in kids supplemented with inorganic or indigenously prepared chelated zinc and copper\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474340", "title": "Salman Khan's replica at Madame Tussauds", "text": "Bollywood actor Salman Khan was voted seventh-best-looking man in the world and the best looking man in India by People magazine in 2004.Further, Salman's life-size replica was installed at Madame Tussauds wax museum in London, making him the fourth Indian actor to have been replicated as a wax statue. Salman Khan also started an NGO called 'Being Human' which will sell T-shirts and other products online and in stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472263", "title": "Special drive launched to get labourers registered", "text": "PUNE: Construction workers who do not register themselves with the labour department are not eligible to get any benefits of the welfare board set up for them by the government. A case in point is the death of eight workers at a construction site at Taljai Pathar in Sahakarnagar where an unauthorized building collapsed in September.The Bandhkam Mazdoor Sabha, an organization working for the welfare of construction labourers, in association with the labour department, has initiated a special drive to create awareness among the workers, and get them registered with the department.Ratnadeep Hendre, additional labour commissioner, Pune region, said that in cases where there have been accidents involving construction workers, the benefits of the Maharashtra building and other construction welfare board cannot be given to them if they are not registered with the board. It has been a year since the drive for registration of workers has started, he added.The board provides monetary assistance for better education of construction workers' children, stipend for skilled development of the workers, assistance for building house, and assistance up to Rs 1 lakh for any serious injury. In the event of death of a worker, the family gets assistance of Rs 1,000 per month for five years.Of the 11 people who died in the building collapse at Taljai Pathar, eight were construction workers, said Nitin Pawar, secretary of the Bandhkam Mazdoor Sabha. \"The sabha, along with activist Baba Adhav, made a plea to the government to give the benefits of the welfare board to the families of the deceased workers. The labour department has forwarded the case to the government.''While the sabha is hoping that their plea will be considered positively by the government, Pawar said special awareness drives are being held in areas where construction workers live. The Shaheen Friends Circle is also helping the sabha in the registration drive. Each worker has been asked to take a pledge that he himself will register and also ask other workers to register.\"Of the estimated two lakh construction workers in Pune district, about 20,000 workers have been registered with the labour department,\" Pawar said, adding that around 40,000 registrations have taken place in the state.The low awareness among the workers and their migration from place to place are some of the hurdles in registration. The higher number of registrations in Pune district has been possible only because the sabha took special efforts, along with the builders and developers associations, Pawar said.One of the conditions for registration is that the developer or the contractor has to give a certificate to the worker saying that s(he) has worked for 90 days, Pawar said. A construction worker should be registered immediately after he starts working, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474620", "title": "Rani prefers to be choosy, opt for challenging roles", "text": "Rani Mukherjee , who plays a distressed wife and a mother dealing with her son's death in her latest release 'Talaash', says she likes to challenge herself as an actor and be choosy as she does not want to be part of films that bore her as well as the audience.\"I have to be choosy. If I don't challenge myself as an actor to play a particular part I myself will get bored. Three-four years back, I chose to sit back and do films that would not bore me. If I get bored then how can I expect from the audience to not get bored,\" asked Rani.\"So if I am challenged, I am excited, if I am raring, then I know that this is something that the audience will also like,\" she said.In her 17-year-long career, Rani has played a variety of roles from being a college student in ' Kuch Kuch Hota Hai' to a doctor in 'Saathiya', a lawyer in 'Veer Zaara' , a spirited wife in 'Yuva', blind girl in 'Black' and a fire-brand journalist in 'No One Killed Jessica'. She insists she chooses to play different roles as playing same characters becomes monotonous.\"Things could get saturated or monotonous if I would do the same characters again and again. I would do roles that would not make sense to me and or do films where I am just standing there and not doing anything,\" Rani said.\"That is why to save myself from that feeling I take time out to choose roles that excite me,\" she said.Before zeroing on a film, Rani feels the script and her role has to be satisfactory.\"Whenever I say I cannot do roles and films one after the other is because sometimes the film that comes my way is great but the role is not exciting. (Sometimes) my role is great but other things attached to the film are not. It has to be a mixture of all things - great script, great role,\" the 34-year-old actress said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17472057", "title": "Community has a duty towards special children too", "text": "BANGALORE: \"The time has come to form a community for special children through SMS, emails and social networking sites so that even if an ageing parent goes away, the community stands up to take care of special children,\" said Kiran Bedi , former IPS officer and anti-corruption crusader.Kiran was speaking at the India Inclusion Summit 2012 held here on Monday. \"If you call an autistic child disabled, what will you call a husband who comes home drunk and beats his wife? Or a government officer who is involved in corrupt practices?\" she asked.Siddharth Jayakumar, who is affected by cerebral palsy and works with a private bank as an associate manager, questioned the stigma attached to people like him. \"Every time I took a rikshaw, the auto driver would look at me as if I'd come from some other planet. Had this been done to a woman, she would have slapped him. When I was a kid, the doctor said I was 70% disabled. Throughout my studies, I made sure that I scored more than 70%.\"The event, organized by SAP Labs, witnessed participation from over 300 delegates from the Autism Society of India, Spastics Society of Karnataka and Parents Association for Mentally Retarded Citizens.V R Ferose, MD, SAP Labs India, pointed out that less than 1 lakh of the 70 million disabled persons in India work in the organized sector. \"There is a need to create awareness on employing differently abled persons,\" he said.The audience was also given a glimpse of 'Apna Aasmaan', an award-winning short film on autism directed by Kaushik Roy. The film narrates how a family faces challenges in raising an autistic child Buddhi, who eventually turns out to be a distinguished painter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17473533", "title": "Foreign damsels exhibit Indian couture", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city played host to a glittering fashion show, where foreign models walked the ramp in Indian couture collection and dancers added glamour with their salsa and belly dance performances.The show was organized by a private event management company at a resort along Pakhowal Road.Catty Datta, the show curator, said 10 models from from Russia and Germany flaunted Indian couture collection by designers Amit Talwar and Swati Modo. Pop singer Vandna Vadera, known for her voice in the \"Hawa Hawai remix\", entertained the audience with her catchy numbers.The show struck a chord with the flamboyant Ludhiana crowd. Businessman Gagandeep Singh, who came from Model Town to the show , said, \"I liked the way the foreign models showcased Indian couture collection, apart from the songs sung by Vandna. The dancers were a visual delight too.\"Pooja Jain, a homemaker from BRS Nagar, added, \"I liked the vibrancy and class in the designs of Amit and Swati. Attending this event turned out to be a great experience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472909", "title": "Government aid must to relieve drought-hit farmers of Buldhana district", "text": "NAGPUR: The drought conditions in the district are the biggest concern for every citizen. While the situation in the remaining districts of Vidarbha is normal, Buldhana received scanty rainfall similar to the adjoining region of Marathwada.The government needs to urgently address various problems arising out of drought situation or else Buldhana's farmers will not be able to survive till next rains. With hardly any rains, the kharif crop has been already destroyed and there is no water for the rabi crop. Wells have been requisitioned for drinking purposes.Most farmers do not have the money to feed their families till they sell the next kharif crop. They will also need money to buy seeds, fertilizers, pesticides for the next kharif crop. Government has to formulate a plan to help the suffering farmers.It is agonizing that the government so far has not announced any comprehensive relief package in spite of the fact that Maharashtra has suffered one of the worst droughts. So far relief measures have only been piecemeal.Many villages of Buldhana district are facing acute drinking water shortage in this season. The problems will further escalate in summer. The situation in southern part of Buldhana particularly Sindhkhed Raja and Deulgaon Raja talukas is very alarming. With all most negligible rainfall, most reservoirs remained dry and water level in wells is too low.Currently, water is being supplied to affected villages by tankers from nearby areas which too have not recorded sufficient rainfall. In such conditions, plans will have to be chalked out to bring water from Akola or Yavatmal districts if required. The cattle also need water to survive until next rains. Arrangements will also have to be made to provide fodder to the cattle owners.I will have to be vigilant to ensure that Buldhana is not ignored when drought relief measures are announced. The focus will be on drought-hit Marathwada districts. Next will be Western Maharashtra because the people's representatives there are more influential. Buldhana is the only drought affected district in Vidarbha, which as a region has received above average rainfall.As if there were fewer problems, the government's decision to install fast electric meters has further added to the poor farmers' woes. With the fast electric meters the power bills are getting doubled. This is becoming a major burden on the citizens who are already fighting drought related problems.The new infra-red (IR) meters are supposed to be better than the existing electronic ones. However, my experience shows that they are faulty. I have observed that if you keep a 100 W electric bulb on for 10 hours then it records one unit of power consumption and same is the case if it is kept on for five hours. What kind of accuracy is this? The meters must be replaced immediately.MSEDCL periodically replaces meters saying that it would improve accuracy. This is all humbug. The meters are supplied by the company of some politician. Criminal cases must be registered against the guilty officials. I will raise this issue in the winter session. I will not allow the energy ministry to loot the poor public. Their false claims will be exposed.This year government has not declared minimum support price (MSP) for cotton, soyabean and sorghum (jowar). This has led to traders looting poor farmers. Traders are using various tactics to buy produce from farmers at cheaper prices. When the yield has been badly affected due to drought, it will be disastrous if farmers don't get proper price for their produce.Many politicians from Western Maharashtra including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan want to make taluka as a unit for calculating the backlog. This will harm the interests of people in backward regions of Vidarbha and Marathwada. I will resist this tooth and nail.(Vijayraj Shinde is Shiv Sena MLA from Buldhana)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475977", "title": "Daniel Radcliffe defends teetotalism", "text": "Daniel Radcliffe insists that he is not a boring bastard despite giving up booze for the sake of his acting career.The 23-year-old Harry Potter star, went teetotal over fears that his fame would turn him into a boozy recluse.There are other ways of having youthful excesses, the Daily Express quoted him as saying.I still have a really good time, he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17470730", "title": "Gurgaon hosts global scrap metal summit", "text": "GURGAON: As a business option, dealing in scrap metal might sound like a drab and a relatively unglamorous enterprise. But not when one considers how close this sector has come to redefining the future of manufacturing the world over.Around 60% of the metal produced in the United States comes from recycled scrap. India, one of the leading importers of scrap, buys 30 lakh tonnes a year from the international market every year. And this figure is set to go up further, according to scrap industry experts, who have gathered for the first time in Gurgaon for the Global Metal and Steel Scrap Summit 2012.Two hundred industry representatives from the UK, the US and the Gulf countries are participating in the two-day event, which was inaugurated here on Monday. \"India is a major global market for metal and steel scrap. Apart from saving costs, metal scrap help reduce greenhouse emissions by a significant margin. Using recycled scrap for manufacturing takes up your energy savings by 74%,\" said Rajeev Kumar, the convener of the summit, which is organized by the business portal Steelguru.Scrap metal use has proved particularly beneficial for the small-scale sector, whose representatives were also present in numbers at Monday's event. \"We don't have much scrap available in India, so most of it is imported from overseas sellers,\" said V K Arora, one of the organizers of the summit.Among some of the other talking-points at the seminar was the country's aluminium production, and how it can attain its full potential.\"We also discussed hazardous scrap, and ways to ensure that banned and harmful substances don't reach the country as a part of scrap imports,\" added Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17475766", "title": "Work affected in DAVV as staff go on strike", "text": "INDORE: Administrative work at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) was hit as its non-teaching staff including permanent and contractual, went on indefinite strike demanding action on their 12 point charter of demands causing much pain to the inflow of students coming here for their work.Adding to the woes of students, officers of state university service association have also threatened to go on token strike from December 5 and en masse strike from December 11, that is likely to cripple functioning of varsity administration. Officers are unhappy with the state government for not responding to their demands relating to pay scale.DAVV Non-Teaching Employee Association general secretary Rakesh Yadav said permanent, contractual and daily wager non-teaching employees are in support and have stopped working. \"Government is trying to sideline our demands we have been raising since long. Protest is the only way left for us,\" Yadav said.The varsity employees are demanding benefit of sixth pay commission after January 1, 2006 in their pension, appointment on vacant post, double the medical allowance, increase retirement age of grade three employees from 60 to 62 years, benefits of UGC pay scale and voluntary retirement scheme.Meanwhile, officers are demanding revised pay scale. \"Our pay scale is much less as compared to other administrative officials appointed by MPPSC. We will lodge token protest from December 5 and will go on a full fledged strike from December 11 if our demands are not accepted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17472038", "title": "What to do when stopped for a drunk driving check", "text": "BANGALORE: In this new series, TOI helps you understand the law better and also your rights as a citizen.Police campaigns against driving under the influence of liquor are turning into contentious affairs. Heated exchanges between guardians of law and motorists often go out of hand, turning into ugly spectacles. They leave the road users wondering where the duties of the police end when their rights take over.The confusion that surrounds any campaign against drunken driving is surprising given that the law is crystal clear on the issue.Section 185(a) of the Motor Vehicles Act 1988 categorically says that whoever, while driving, or attempting to drive, a motor vehicle has, in his blood, alcohol exceeding 30 mg per 100 ml of blood detected in a test by a breath analyser, shall be punishable for drunken driving. The first offence can earn up to six months imprisonment or a fine up to Rs 2,000, or both. The second or subsequent offence, if committed within three years of the the previous offence, entails imprisonment up to two years or Rs 3,000 fine, or both.\"Drunk driving is an offence that results in violation of public safety and safety on roads, leading to accidents,\" says additional commissioner of police MA Saleem.However, the problem appears to be in the implementation and adherence. While the motorists raise doubts about the quality of breath analyzers, the police usually complain about how they are obstructed during the drive.Experts advise the public that it is best for the driver/rider not to get into any argument. \"The only way the breath analyzer test can be contested is by undergoing blood analysis through a medical check-up at a government hospital,\" says chief traffic warden and former police officer MT Naik.\"But don't pay fine on the spot. The violation requires the offender to pay the fine in the court. The process is long drawn and results in waste of time. It is better to avoid drunk driving,\" says Naik.Besides, there is no way a driver/rider can decline to undergo a breath analyzer test. For, Section 203(4) authorizes the police to arrest those who decline to undergo the test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470225", "title": "Precious Lodhi relic to be saved", "text": "NEW DELHI: Encroachments at this Lodhi-era structure started with a small hutment several years ago. As it went unchecked, new buildings started coming up, and at present the gumbad located inside Gautam Nagar \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a densely populated residential colony in south Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is squashed between several buildings while the inside has become a dumping ground for locals. But there is still hope for this building which figures in the list of 18 monuments to be taken under the protection of Delhi government's archaeology department.The small tomb is described as one of the more significant examples of Lodhi architecture in the national capital. According to conservation body Intach's heritage listing of 1999, the first encroachments were seen around that time. The monument has a domed tomb and each of its four sides has a projection containing an arched opening. On the east, the remains of jharokha-type openings can still be seen. The tomb is graded 'A' in terms of archaeological value by Intach even as conservationists rue that its unprotected status till date has allowed a number of encroachments and new constructions to come up all around the building, some even touching the facade.\"The monument is structurally in good condition, but the major problem is that it has never been conserved before and a number of encroachments have come up around it. The tomb is located in an urban setting which shows that it was probably misused by locals throughout the years,'' said a source. Inside, there are signs of more apathy and neglect. Malba, stone slabs and broken furniture can be seen lying inside the monument, although it is unclear who has dumped them.While the monument so far was just one of the hundreds of unprotected, neglected heritage buildings that can be found in the city, the status is about to change as per the new MoU signed between Delhi government's archaeology department and Intach's Delhi chapter. Officials said the monument would be taken up for conservation and protection under phase-II and would soon become a protected building under the Delhi Ancient and Historical Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 2004. Some of the major challenges before Intach and the archaeology department are, strengthening the facade, repairing any damage or scarring to the building and keeping a check on encroachment. The focus will also be on recreating the medallions and decorated plaster work inside the tomb.\"The decorative plaster work is no longer visible but there is evidence to show it existed and in what pattern. Once we start conservation work, we will remove anything inside the tomb and then clean the facade from inside, after which the decorative plaster work will be recreated by craftsmen,'' said an official from Intach.As per procedures, objections will be invited from the public after preliminary notification and some resistance from local residents is expected. \"Once a monument is declared protected, it changes the whole scenario and might worry residents who live close by on how their lives could be affected,'' said an official. Intach officials, however, said that local residents would be asked to participate in the conservation process to promote a feeling of ownership. After conservation is complete, the structure will also be illuminated. As per the new Intach-Delhi government MoU, the target is to conserve at least 15 monuments every year, while 18 have been identified for phase-II. Some other monuments likely to be taken up are Baradari at Sadhna Enclave, three gateways at Badarpur and the Dara Shikoh library building where a museum is being planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471958", "title": "Has ECB sent an apology to BCCI for DYP saga?", "text": "MUMBAI: If there is any doubt over the power that the BCCI wields, the ECB's apology to its Indian counterpart for the England Performance Programme squad practising at DY Patil without the Board's permission, removes that.On Sunday, the BCCI had sought an explanation from the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA), which in turn, asked Vijay Patil, the owner of the DY Patil Stadium, about the same.However, TOI has learnt that discussions have taken place between the powers that be in the two Boards and the matter is as good as solved.Former South African allrounder, Steve Elworthy, who is Director of Marketing and Communications at the ECB said, \"The issue has been discussed between the two boards.\"BCCI officials though could not confirm ECB's apology.Earlier, clarifying the MCA's position on the issue, president Ravi Savant said, \"The DY Patil stadium is a private club, and not funded by us. It has become an issue because Patil is now the vice-president of the MCA and the Board felt that we should have known the rules.\"When asked whose fault was it, Sawant said, \"The English Cricket Board's (ECB). They should have informed the BCCI beforehand.\"Meanwhile, a source at DYP said, \"The ECB sought our facilities and we were happy to provide them. People are politicising the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17472140", "title": "Did genetic accident lead to human intelligence?", "text": "London: Scientists have discovered the origin of intelligence after identifying a 'genetic accident' 500 million years ago when the genes that enabled humans to think and reason evolved. Researchers led by the University of Edinburgh have discovered how humans and other mammals evolved to have intelligence.They found that intelligence in humans developed as the result of an increase in the number of brain genes in our evolutionary ancestors.Scientists also believe that the same genes that improved our mental capacity are also responsible for a number of brain disorders.The researchers suggest that a simple invertebrate animal living in the sea 500 million years ago experienced a 'genetic accident' , which resulted in extra copies of these genes being made. This animal's descendants benefited from these extra genes, leading to behaviourally sophisticated vertebrates - including humans. \"One of the greatest scientific problems is to explain how intelligence arose during evolution,\" professor Seth Grant, of the University of Edinburgh, who led the research, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17473769", "title": "Row over absence of state tableau on Republic Day", "text": "JORHAT: Several organizations belonging to the Ahom community in the state on Monday protested against the Centre's decision not to showcase any cultural event from Assam at the forthcoming Republic Day celebrations in the Capital next year.They felt the state cultural affairs department was to blame for the cancellation as they had wrongly presented facts about Assam at a pre-event screening in the Capital. The All Tai Ahom Students' Union adviser, Aswini Chetia, said like previous years, the Union ministry of cultural affairs had sought a presentation from the cultural affairs department of Assam before the Republic Day function. Accordingly, the state government had sent a cultural capsule. In this presentation, the state erroneously showed the great Ahom ruler, Siu-Ka-Pha, as a conqueror. In addition to this, certain fabricated negative aspects of Assam were highlighted.\"We feel the erroneous presentation of the state led to the cancellation of our programme and we lost an opportunity to display our cultural heritage at the national level. We want a fresh presentation to be sent for the state's inclusion in the cultural programme,\" said Chetia.Members of ATASU and Ahom Sena burnt an effigy of the cultural affairs minister, Pranati Phukan, at Dolmukh Chariali in Sivasagar protesting her ignorance. \"We strongly oppose the deletion of Assam's cultural event from the national Republic Day celebrations and demand its inclusion at the earliest,'' said an agitator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17471000", "title": "Winter special trains for Delhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways will run winter special trains to clear passenger rush between Lucknow and New Delhi. Train numbers 04201/04202 Lucknow-New Delhi Express special will start running from December 4 from Lucknow. Train number 04201 will depart from Lucknow on Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday at 10:45pm and reach New Delhi at 8:20am. The train will run till January 3.In the return direction, train number 04202 will run from New Delhi from December 5 till January 4. The train will depart from New Delhi every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 11:55pm to reach Lucknow at 9:45am. The train will have one composite AC-2 tier and AC-3 tier coach, one AC-3 tier and eight sleeper class coaches. The train will stop at Moradabad and Ghaziabad en route in both directions.Another winter special train, 04203/04204, will run between Varanasi-Delhi Junction. The train will run from Varanasi from December 3 till January 5. The train will depart from Varanasi every Monday, Wednesday and Saturday at 6:15pm to reach Delhi Junction at 10:40am the next day. In the return direction, train number 04204 will run from Delhi Junction every Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday, between December 4 and January 6, at 2pm and reach Varanasi at 5:45am the next day. The train will have 10 sleeper class coaches. It will stop at Sultanpur, Lucknow, Moradabad and Ghaziabad en route in both directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17471123", "title": "4 cops suspended for planting gun in builder's office", "text": "THANE: Four policemen-an assistant police inspector and three constables-attached to the Kalyan crime branch have been suspended for allegedly fabricating evidence by planting a revolver in a builder's office and demanding Rs 20 lakh from him. The CCTV cameras installed in the builder's office had captured the policemen in the act. -an assistant police inspector and three constables-planting the revolver and subsequently demanding money for not registering a case against him under the Arms Act.Investigators have established the identity of two other cops who were present but they have not been suspended yet. The police filed a separate FIR against six policemen at Kolsewadi police station for fabricating evidence.Those suspended are assistant inspector Prabhakar Borate and constables Tulsiram Pawse, Pandarinath Kadam and Satish Surve.DCP (crime branch, Thane) Praveen Pawar said, \"Of the six policemen, we have suspended four.We will take a decision on the two other cops , both constables, after further investigation.\"In the case initially the Thane's ACB ( Anti-Corruption Bureau) has caught three policemen including assistant inspector Prabhakar Borate, cops Tulsiram Pawse and Pandarinath Kadam raid hand for accepting money and they are still under ACB's custody till December 4.Police officials from Kolsewadi police station said that they are awaiting custody of the accused policemen currently in ACB custody. Vinod Bhondivle, an employee of the builder Ganesh Dhone, who was made an accused by the accused policemen said he was harassed in the crime branch custody. Police despite knowing my innocence wanted me to confess the crime by signing a statement saying a person known only as Prashant gave me the revolver,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17475452", "title": "Kenexa-IBM tussle takes new turn in Rushikonda IT SEZ case", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The spat between Kenexa India, a 100% subsidiary of Kenexa Global, and US IT giant IBM Corporation took another twist on Monday after the directors of Kenexa's Indian subsidiary approached the sub-registrar's office here to stall IBM's move to return 21.7 acres of land at the Rushikonda IT SEZ facility to the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC).IBM had acquired Kenexa Global in August this year and as part of the deal, Kenexa India's IT facility at Rushikonda was also taken over. The Vizag facility was put up by Kenexa India after it was allotted nearly 25 acres on Hill No. 2 by the AP government on the condition that they would create employment for over 2,500 people, which never happened as they were able to employ only 1,500 people when business reached a peak, that too after sub-leasing their premises to ITeS player Sutherland.APIIC had slapped a fine of Rs 80 crore on Kenexa for not fulfilling the employment criterion. Also, the company's alleged failure to disclose this to IBM is understood to have rubbed the US giant the wrong way prompting it to make moves to return the undeveloped land to APIIC while retaining the building set up over four acres.To thwart IBM's move, Kenexa India founder director Anita Sukuru had filed a legal case under Section 23 of IT Act in November this year in a city court in Hyderabad.Kenexa India's contention was that fulfilling the employment criteria of the AP government would be an easy task for an IT major like IBM and that backing out at this juncture would deal a big blow to the 'IT destination dreams' of Vizag.According to APIIC, December 3 was the deadline given for IBM to hand over the land. In this connection, Sukuru had approached the sub-registrar's office urging him to refuse to take back the land as the matter was sub-judice. But it is learnt that the sub-registrar turned down her request on the grounds that he had not received any injuction order from court.In the meantime, Sukuru is learnt to have also approached Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) vice-chairman Kona Sasidhar to intervene.\"The VC has informed that he would not be able to stop IBM's move but has agreed to put in a word to APIIC to defer the land return by a couple of days. We still want to convince everybody, both in IBM and the government, to go ahead with the takeover as it is, as the city has got tremendous potential,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17472616", "title": "'London' conmen dupe resort manager of 13 lakh", "text": "KALYAN: The manager of a resort in Thane was conned out of nearly Rs 13 lakh allegedly by four people. In her complaint, Aparna Khodave said she received an international call from people claiming to be in London. The men allegedly told Khodave that her UK-based uncle had died and left her Rs 22 crore in a London bank. She was told to pay Rs 12.86 lakh as processing fee.The police have registered a case against Henri Cley, Adem Victor and Pau and Shaikh. Cley and Victor had claimed to be residents of New York. It is said that Pau is a resident of Nagaland while Shaikh stays in Kandivli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470320", "title": "Asean meet in Delhi to cause VIP traffic mess", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expect major jams on city roads later this month. That's when 10 heads of state will be in Delhi for the December 19-21 India-Asean summit - the largest number of VVIP state guests to be seen in the capital in a long time.As they will be staying at different hotels in south and New Delhi, there will be several VVIP movements every day during the summit, all falling on week days. A car rally, which is part of the summit, will also add to the snarls.What's worse, the timings of these movements will not be made public in advance, so commuters would not know when to avoid which route. Jams on these days are feared to be more severe than the congestion seen on Saturday because of former PM I K Gujral's funeral, among other things.The heads of state attending the Asean summit include the sultan of Brunei; prime ministers of Cambodia, Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand; presidents of Indonesia, Laos , Myanmar and Vietnam; and vice president of Phillippines. The Indian president and prime minister will also attend the event.The detailed security protocol to be followed for such high-level officials includes blocking off traffic on arterial roads in New Delhi area during each VIP movement. First, the VIPs will be transported from the airport to their hotels. These movements are expected to result in jams at Sardar Patel Marg and venues of other hotels in south and New Delhi which would not be disclosed due to security reasons.A slew of programs scheduled for these three days will result in to and fro movement of delegations across New Delhi. There will possibly be several more secondary functions during the three days which could result in more VIP movements.Sources said the dignitaries will start arriving on December 19, a Wednesday. The schedule includes a car rally from Vigyan Bhawan on December 20, where dignitaries will reach from their respective hotels.The rally will be followed by the India-Asean conference on December 21 (Friday). Most of the dignitaries will leave the same day, which is likely to result in massive traffic disruptions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470347", "title": "Rare masonry work out of memorial womb", "text": "KOLKATA: An emerald green floor inlaid with rich red patterns has emerged from beneath layers of yellow paint on the floor of Lascar War Memorial in Hastings. The little known memorial is dedicated to 896 Lascars - seamen on merchant ships - who died during World War I between 1914 and 1918.It was commodore R Ahluwaliah of the Indian Navy who had noticed fragments of a pattern beneath the painted floor when he visited it a month ago during a function organized by the Indian National Trust for Art &amp; Cultural Heritage (Intach). On that day, James Keir, son of William Ingram Keir who had designed the memorial, had met commodore BK Mohanti who had in 1994 rescued and restored the monument that had turned decrepit.The 100 ft memorial in the Indo-Mughal style has prows of an ancient galley projecting from each side and is capped by four mini minarets and a large dome. Along the facade are undulating lines symbolizing waves.\"I was checking the interiors of the memorial when I saw a section of the floor where flakes of the enamel paint were peeling off. Underneath, I noticed another colour and felt the coat of paint had to be peeled away to see what lay beneath,\" recounted Ahluwaliah.He got in touch with Intach Kolkata convenor GM Kapur and sought advice on how to remove the paint without damaging the floor. An Intach team led by Subhas Barai used a mix of safe solvents and completed the work in three days. Once the yellow paint was gone, a green coloured cement floor emerged with red inlay work. \"The cleaned heritage floor showing the cement in various colours is a technique which has died out in India totally,\" said Kapur.The original floor has cracked in some places. The Navy has sought Intach's advice on what to do about it. If it is possible to repair the cracks without affecting the design, the floor will be polished so that the design stands out. Next, Ahluwaliah hopes to get the names of the 824 Lascars to whom the memorial was dedicated. \"If we can get the names, they will be etched on marble and the plaque will be set on the wall inside the memorial,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472229", "title": "Flavoursome Goan stall draws many", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Goan stall at the fourth national crafts mela is attracting many foodies. People who love sea food, are getting to relish various dishes made in typical Goan style. Fish and prawns brought from Goa, besides trout from Himachal is being served to visitors at the stall. Many guests are also opting for the seafood platter.Vijay Sehgal, who is running the stall at the food court said that they have brought bangra fish, singara fish and prawns from Goa. Singara is commonly available in Punjab but the fish that they have brought from Goa is different and also the way it is prepared is quite different. He said that foodies from the city are quite enjoying it, so much so that he fears that the stock he has brought from Goa will be over before the mela ends.Trout brought from the upper hills of Manali is being served whole to visitors. Sehgal said that some special spices that they use in their preparations have been brought from Goa. \"Our sea food platter with an array of dishes complete with the chocolate \"paan\" from Goa is also being served,\" lets in Sehgal. The flavoursome sea food is drawing many. Mandeep Singh , a resident of Sector 10 said that having sea food reminds him of his visit to Goa last year, while adding since then he has not tasted such scrumptious sea food. \"Visiting the crafts mela has been quite a delight for me as my favourite trout, along with other sea food fare is being served here,\" said Neena Malhotra of Sector 34. \"I love sea food and as I had seen the Goa stall at the food court, I immediately ordered some delightful dishes,\" said Bharti Negi, a resident of Sector 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17475016", "title": "Gas victims demonstrate at PMO", "text": "BHOPAL: A large number of survivors of the Bhopal gas disaster on Monday marched to the prime minister's office (PMO) seeking his intervention to punish the guilty Union Carbide Corporation (UCC) and their officials and to provide adequate compensation for all victims. More than 700 victims were stopped just before the PMO by the Delhi police.The victims decided to stage their dharna at the South Block and refused to be shifted to Jantar Mantar. Organized jointly by five organizations of survivors and supporters, the \"knock on the prime minister's door\" campaign, had earlier sought an appointment with the him on November 19, to discuss unresolved issues of justice in Bhopal, says Rachna Dhingra of Bhopal Group for Information and Action (BGIA).She said that the Prime Minister must personally intervene to ensure that the foreigners accused including Warren Anderson and authorized representatives of Union Carbide are extradited to face trial in the pending criminal case. The organizations sought the creation of a special prosecution cell in the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for ensuring enhanced punishment of Keshub Mahindra and other Indian accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472764", "title": "Organ transplants from the brain dead help the poor", "text": "CHENNAI: The poor have been one of the main beneficiaries of the cadaver kidney transplant programme in the state. Since 2008, the state has harvested organs from 300 people who were declared brain dead. More than 25% of the kidneys harvested were given to patients of government hospitals where treatment is free.State cadaver organ transplant convenor Dr Joseph Amalorpavanathan said 157 kidneys have been given to patients of the Government General Hospital and Stanley Medical College Hospital in the past four years.\"Many of these patients would have died without donor kidneys since they can't afford dialysis thrice a week,\" said a senior urologist at Government General Hospital. The survival rates of these patients have been as good as in the private sector as they were given free medicines and immune suppressants after the surgery.It is estimated that 232 people per million population have end-stage kidney failure. These patients are kept alive with dialysis, but kidney transplant is the only solution. The rate of renal transplantations is 3.25 per million population.In the early 90s, the state had the dubious distinction of running a virtual cottage industry of kidney trade. People who could afford paid for kidneys of the poor. From there the state has come a long way, and today TN is hailed as a role model for several states in organ transplant.In medical journal Transplantation, a team of doctors including Madras Medical Mission nephrologist Dr Georgi Abraham have said the cadaver transplant programme is causing a decline in commercial transplantation - the incidence of buying a kidney has come down considerable.Until 2007, several kidney trade rackets were busted in Tamil Nadu. Hospitals were raided, and transplant surgeons, doctors and hospital staff were arrested. After this, the government tightened regulations. \"But the image has not changed. I got a call from a foreign country requesting for a kidney,\" said Dr Abraham. \"Some years ago, when I keep the phone I always used to think they may go to another hospital. Now I know it's difficult,\" he said.A majority of those declared brain dead - mostly after accidents - were men. In the live-related donor transplant more than 80% of the donors were women , who were wives, sisters or domestic maids. However, the number of liver and hearts transplanted was less compared to private hospitals as only one government hospital has been doing these transplants compared to two or more private hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17470067", "title": "MIM calls for bandh on Dec 6", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy came under fire from MIM president Asaduddin Owaisi who alleged that he had taken no steps to curb communal incidents in the city.Addressing a large gathering on Sunday night, Owaisi with members of the United Muslim Action Committee (UMJAC) by his side declared that it was the first of many UMAC public rallies which would ensure that the Congress does not return to power in the next elections. \"The 80 lakh Muslims of the state will be at polling booths and will throw out the Congress democratically. Just wait and watch what happens in January when the UMAC begins touring every nook and corner of the state.\"Owaisi also called for a bandh on December 6 which marks the 20{+t}{+h} anniversary of the Babri Masjid demolition. Narrating the chronology of events leading to the demolition the Babri mosque and drawing parallels with the Bhagyalakshmi temple issue, Owaisi said that miscreants had planted idols in the mosque at night despite the presence of a 15-member police picket. Similarly, on October 30 temple authorities tried to construct a permanent shed at the Bhagyalakshmi temple right under the nose of the police. Citing wakf inspector Mohammed Ibrahim's reports on namazis being pelted with stones in Ayodhya, Owaisi likened it with the heavy police bandobast restricting movement of namazis near Mecca Masjid. \"We must know history so that we are not betrayed again. The Congress government has ensured that we are lagging behind the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes,\" he said.Owaisi criticised the 2010 trifurcation judgment of the Allahabad high court and said that Muslims would not accept 'charity' because they were rightful claimants of the demolished mosque. \"We want every inch of that space and there will be no compromise on this. We will not give up till the mosque is reconstructed and will not let communal forces be at peace. We will continue our democratic struggle without taking the law into our hands,\" he thundered.Launching a diatribe against the Archeological Survey of India (ASI), Owaisi alleged that the ASI claimed that the Pandava's Indraprashtha was at the foot of the Old Fort in Delhi. He said that an obtuse ASI 'closed its eyes' when the Jama Masjid in Aurangabad Fort was turned into Bharat Mata Mandir Aurangabad fort a year after Independence. \"Then in 1970 a temple sprang up at Charminar. The ASI did nothing. It is full of communally biased people,\" he alleged.UMJAC convenor Abdul Rahim Quraishi demanded the immediate implementation of the Liberhan Commission recommendations and the handing over of case records from the Allahabad high court to the Supreme Court for immediate hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474844", "title": "Kim Kardashian most-searched person on Yahoo!", "text": "Socialite Kim Kardashian has become the most-searched person on search engine Yahoo ! this year.Kardashian comes in the third place after terms \"election\" as the champion and \" iPhone 5 \" as the runner-up.Yahoo! web trend analyst Vera Chan says Kardashian's \"notoriety has kept her at the top\".She becomes a constant hot topic due to her ongoing divorce battle with her estranged husband Kris Humphries and her high-profile romance with Kanye West .\"The 2012 elections dominated the online searches, which is amazing because if something is in the news, it's already accessible... people were really saturated by it, but even so, that was a key word that people typed throughout the year,\" added Chan.Other famous females on the top 10 on the overall list are Kate Middleton , who was entangled in a topless photo scandal , Whitney Houston , whose death in early 2012 spawned a number of tributes, and Lindsay Lohan , who's facing multiple legal woes.List of 2012 Yahoo! overall searches:Election iPhone 5 Kim Kardashian Kate Upton Kate Middleton Whitney Houston Olympics Political polls Lindsay Lohan Jennifer Lopez", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17471756", "title": "Kids caught on CCTV stealing valuables from wedding venue", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Rajkot resident who came to attend her sister's wedding in the city lost valuables worth nearly Rs 1 lakh from a hotel in Ellisbridge. Police have found a CCTV footage showing a girl and a boy stealing the purse from the venue. Police have started identification on the basis of the footage.According to Ellisbridge police, Kanan Vaishnav, a resident of Rajkot, had come to her father's house at Sharda Society in Paldi for her younger sister's wedding. As per her complaint, her purse was stolen during the ceremony at Hotel Inder Residency on November 29.\"She realized that her purse was missing from a chair where she was sitting. Shelooked for it and even inquired with the hotel staff and relatives but to no avail. The purse contained gold and silver jewellery worth Rs 84,000, Rs 10,000 cash and a mobile phone. The theft took place between 7 pm and 11 pm on that day,\" said a police official.After registering the case, the police investigators approached the hotel officials and reviewed the footage.\"At that time, we found a girl of around 12 years and a boy of around 8 years going out from the venue with the purse. We suspect that they might be part of the gang active during the marriage season. The gang employs children to steal unattended valuables,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472703", "title": "World over, smart interiors key to fire-fighting in skyscrapers", "text": "MUMBAI: Fighting fire in highrises starts with creating smart interiors the world over. Instead of depending solely on external equipment such as hi-tech ladders to douse flames from outside, skyscrapers across the globe have built-in mechanisms that are designed to deal with a blaze effectively . But Mumbai, say experts, is going vertical without having adequate fire safeguards in place. While there are no universal fire-safety standards for high-rises , iconic buildings invest substantially in safety mechanisms, shows data from the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat, a USbased association of skyscrapers.For instance, the 88-storeyed , 452-m-high Petronas Towers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, features an in-built building control system (BCS). This not only controls electricity and airconditioning, but also serves as an emergency system during crises. If a fire breaks out on a particular floor, the BCS curtails the flames to that area by providing a \"pressure differential\" between that floor and the others.Iconic towers like Burj Khalifa in Dubai boast of high-speed elevators that have built-in fire-proof corridors and function on power systems independent of other parts of the building (see graphic). Experts fear Mumbai's vertical growth has outpaced its fire-safety upgrade. Subhash Patil of the Institution of Engineers points out that the National Building Code was last modified in 2005 and needs to be urgently updated. He explains that the codes require high-rises to have fire lifts that run on generators independent of the overall power as a pre-requisite to getting permission, but such elevators are rarely serviced. \"During a fire, many water tanks are found without a drop of water. Building maintenance personnel have no formal training in fireprotection systems,\" said Patil. This was demonstrated during Sunday's fire in Jolly Maker-1 with sprinklers and extinguishers reportedly being defunct.Environmental architect Sandeep Goswami says high-rises need to be equipped with highspeed fume extractors, which help reduce smoke. The refuge areas, too, should be fire-retardant (protected from the flames for a period of say five hours). Experts point out that the codes require high-rises in Mumbai to have refuge areas at a break of every seventh floor where victims can gather during a blaze. However, the lack of corresponding internal fire-fighting infrastructure poses a challenge to evacuation even from these refuge floors. Only a few buildings incorporate safety chutes to shift those trapped to refuge floors. Glass facades have posed a further challenge, with the BMC now deciding to ban the use of fixed glass sheets on buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17472525", "title": "Senior BJP leader dies", "text": "SONIPAT: Senior BJP leader and former two-time MP Kishan Singh Sangwan passed away in a private hospital at Delhi following a paralysis attack on Monday. He was 64 and is survived by his wife, two sons and two daughters. As per his wishes, his family members donated his eyes. Sangwan had been MP from Sonipat twice (1998-99 and 1999-2004).Earlier, he also served as minister in Haryana government from 1987 to 1991.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17470090", "title": "Counters to be filed in Supreme Court soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The counters prepared by the AP State Wakf Board relating to the Manikonda Jagir case are expected to be filed before the registrar of the Supreme Court in the next few days.\"The counters have been prepared by the board lawyer Shafeeq R Mahajir and whetted by a team of senior counsels of the Apex Court. Now they are ready for registration. It could be done either tomorrow or the day after,\" board sources said.The Supreme Court, responding to the appeal by LHTPPL, one of the aggrieved parties, had granted injunction on an AP high court order in May last year which ruled that 1,654 acres and 32 guntas of land in Manikonda and an adjacent village near Hyderabad was wakf property belonging to Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali Dargah. Since then, the board faced internal differences in finalising the counters and hire competent lawyers to represent its case.It was said a few months ago that the board had hired senior lawyer Fali Nariman to argue the case before the Supreme Court. It has now hired a few other lawyers to assist Nariman.The sources said that since there were two cases before the apex court, two separate counters were prepared. Once they are registered with the registrar, the board has to wait for its listing which is likely to happen next month.In the meantime, the managing committee of Dargah Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali, also a party to the case has hired Rajiv Dhawan as its counsel to represent the case.On the other hand, there are reports that among the aggrieved parties, some firms and an individual too have filed separate SLPs in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17472166", "title": "Man opens fire after minor accident", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A minor road accident involving two cars turned ugly when occupants of one of the cars opened gunshots in the air and damaged the other vehicle at light point of Sector 22 and Sector 23 on Monday night.The damaged Mahindra Logan has been seized and one of its occupants also received minor injuries in the incident. The damaged car bears a Punjab registered VIP number.The incident took place around 11pm and the accused fled from the spot along with their vehicle. Sub-Inspector Ram Rattan of police post Sector 22 said three empty shells of fired bullets and two live cartridges were recovered from the spot. The identity who fired the shot is yet to be established. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472380", "title": "Gas agencies to accept KYC forms till December 31", "text": "PUNE: The oil marketing companies on Monday said that acceptance of know your customer (KYC) forms at the offices of respective gas agencies will continue as the government has extended the deadline till December 31.Customers having multiple connections at the same address have to submit the forms. The earlier deadline was November 30 and as per the estimates of oil companies, about 50% of targeted customers were yet to submit the forms, barring which connections would have been blocked.\"The acceptance of KYC will continue at the gas agencies,\" said an official of an oil marketing company.A gas agency owner said that huge rush was witnessed at the gas agencies a couple of days before the November 30 deadline. To avoid such rush, customers are now appealed to submit the form well within the deadline.The gas agency owner added that chances of further extension were dim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17471236", "title": "Fire probe yet to finish", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a major fire broke out on the 19th floor of Jolly Maker-1, a Cuffe Parade residential tower, the fire brigade was yet to conclude its investigation and ascertain the cause of the blaze. Fire brigade officers said they are in the process of giving the society's management a notice for the defunct fire-fighting system in the building.The non-functioning equipment delayed getting the blaze under control. Senior fire brigade officials said the most likely cause of the blaze would be a short-circuit in the AC unit of the house on the 19th floor. On Monday, residents were returning to their homes, which they had left following the early Sunday morning fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17470183", "title": "Prohibitory orders imposed for Babri demolition anniversary", "text": "As a precautionary measure, prohibitory orders have been imposed in the city ahead of the Babri Masjid demolition anniversary.\"Reliable information has been placed before me that certain groups are trying to create disturbances on December 6 on the anniversary of demolition of the disputed structure at Ayodhya,\" Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said in an official release issued on Monday.With a view to maintain public order, police have imposed prohibitory orders under section144 CrPC from 6 am on December 5 to 6 am on December 8, banning every kind of procession, dharna, rally or public meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470240", "title": "Gold worth 97 lakh seized in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Sky-high gold prices in the country have led smugglers to import the yellow metal, say customs officials. The seizure of around three kilograms of gold worth Rs 97 lakh by the central excise and customs department on Sunday bears testimony to the fact. A Delhi-based youth was also rounded up in this connection.Acting on a tip off, customs officials confiscated a total of 18 gold biscuits from the accused identified as Jasmit Singh. Initial probe revealed that Singh was trying to smuggle the gold. \"He arrived in the city on November 27, but soon after left for Bangkok. He returned again on December 1,\" said customs commissioner Amit Kumar Ray.Singh, who failed to provide any valid documents against the gold, has reportedly told customs officials that he had been staying in different countries for the past few years. He was apprehended from a Delhi-bound Duranta Express as it was about to leave Sealdah station on Sunday.Customs officials suspect that Singh probably smuggled the gold from Bangkok and was acting as a delivery man. \"We are yet to know where Singh was supposed to deliver the consignment,\" said an officer.Officials, however, admitted that gold smuggling has increased at least ten fold following a rise in the import duty of the metal. Before 90s, gold import was banned in India and that made a huge difference to gold prices in India. The gold available in international markets was much cheaperand this lured people to smuggle it.According to statistics, gold worth Rs 942 crore was seized between April and July from all over the country this year. Interestingly, gold seized between 2007 and 2011 was not more than Rs 5 crore annually. Officials pointed out that the price of 10gm gold in the Indian market is around Rs 1700 more than its cost in the international market and it was this huge difference that attracted smugglers.\"After huge seizures in northern and western parts of the country, financial probe agencies have stepped up vigil. It may be due to this that smugglers are now operating through Kolkata, where vigil is lesser ,\" said an officer.Central Excise and Customs department on Sunday rounded up a Delhi based youth and confiscated nearly three kilograms smuggled gold worth Rs 97-lakh. Customs officials said that total 18 gold biscuits were found from the accused youth who has been identified as Jasmit Singh of Delhi. He could not produce any documents against his gold and probe revealed that he was smuggling the gold.Customs commissioner Amit Kumar Ray said that Jasmit arrived in Kolkata on November 27. He left for Bangkok and on December 1, he landed Kolkata from Bangkok. Initially the accused refused to disclose his detail but after a prolong interrogation, Singh reportedly told the custom officials that he stayed in different countries for few years and even worked as a cabbie in London. Acting on a tip off custom officials intercepted him from Delhi bound Duranta Express when it was about to leave from Howrah station.Custom officials suspect that Singh probably smuggled the gold from Bangkok and was acting as a delivery man. \"We are yet to get where Singh was supposed to deliver the consignment,\" said an officer. The probe agency suspects that all eighteen biscuits were cut from a single bar.The custom officials however admitted that following the rise in import duty on gold, the trend of gold smuggling has increased at least ten fold. Before nineties, gold import was banned in India what made a huge difference in gold price in India and international market. International market was much cheaper what lured people to smuggle gold what attracted underworld in gold smuggling. The data base revealed that during April to July this year - smuggled gold of worth Rs 942 crore was seized across the country while, since 2007 to 2011, the seizure of gold in each year was around Rs 5 crore.In Indian market gold price is costly around Rs 1700 than the international market in 10 grams. The difference once again attracting the smugglers, said an investigator. Sources said that following the huge seizure in northern and western parts of the country, financial probe agencies have started a close vigil at northern and western sectors. \" Perhaps due to tight vigil in other parts of the country, smugglers are now looking for Kolkata, where vigil is less,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470491", "title": "Now, rights body takes RTI route", "text": "KOLKATA: After the state refused to act on any of the recommendations by West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC), it's time for a human rights organization to step in.Concerned with the trend of ignoring the commission's recommendations, Association for Protection for Democratic Rights (APDR) has sought information on the status of such recommendations through RTI and has also written to Governor M K Narayanan apprising him of the situation.attitude of the government on human rights issues.WBHRC has made 27 recommendations to the state between April and October this year. But the government has not done much to implement any of these. From Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra issue to Mograhat illicit liquour case, the commission had intervened promptly. After taking charge as chairperson of WBHRC in April this year, Justice (retired) Asok Kumar Ganguly has not shied away from issuing recommendations that could be uncomfortable for the state. He has even drawn ire for his action from the present government.To start off, APDR has sought information from the state public information officer through the Right to Information (RTI) Act on number of recommendations from WBHRC since April 2012, issues involved, action taken by the government on the recommendations, cases where the government has declined to take action. The organization has also categorically sought details on cases where WBHRC had recommended punitive/disciplinary action against police or government officials, implementation on such recommendations or cases where government declined to act. The same information has also been sought regarding recommendations involving payment of compensation to victims of human rights abuse.\"We have also sought information on the same as abovefrom the WBHRC with an additional question as to what action can the commission take against the state government for ignoring its recommendations,\" said APDR secretary Ranjit Sur, adding that human rights commission, both at national and state level, is widely accepted as a forum to redress human rights abuses. \"We are concerned with the attitude of the present government that has not implemented or attended to any of the recommendations by WBHRC. If this trend continues, the constitution of the commission may turn futile,\" he added.\"On recommendations by human rights commission, section 18 (e) of the Human Rights Protection Act says that the concerned government or the authority will have to forward its comments on the report including action taken or proposed to be taken, to the commission within one month or such further time allowed by the commission. But the government has not done anything. The commission is only a recommendatory body. However, such attitude of the government will not discourage the commission from stepping into matters of human rights violation. But in the long run people will end up losing faith in the rule of the law,\" said Justice (retired) Asok Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470236", "title": "Now, tigers to be assigned UIDs", "text": "KOLKATA: Getting a UID is no longer just a unique human right. Tigers can have it too.The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) issued a guideline on Monday, proposing to assign a unique identification (UID) number to each tiger captured through camera traps. The NTCA wants to create a national repository of camera-trap photographs of tigers, and the UIDs will help cut out duplication and give the big cats an exact headcount. Tigers in the Sunderbans, for instance, will have the prefix 'Su' before a number while those in the northeast hills will have 'NE'. Tigers are identified on the basis of stripe patterns obtained through the camera trap images.The Ranthambore tigers are likely to be the first to get UIDs, officials said.NTCA deputy inspector general S P Yadav said the aim was to identify all tigers across India. \"Each tiger will have its own UID number. Once the tiger dies, the UID will be closed. Even if the tiger crosses over to another state or country through a contiguous border, like what the Indian Sunderbans shares with Bangladesh , the tiger can be recognized through the UID,\" Yadav said.Tiger reserves will prepare detailed camera trap records. \"The entire exercise will take place under the leadership of the chief wildlife wardens. Apart from photographs of tigers, the data will have details lik, trap location, date, time, beats and ranges where the tiger was photo captured, the camera ID and memory ID,\" the NTCA guidelines say.\"Each state will then send the details to the NTCA, which will select and scrutinize the photos before entering camera trap data and associated images into the main database along with other details. A software programme, ExtractCompare, will be used to match the camera-trap data with the visuals to assign unique IDs to the tigers,\" said an NTCA official.Yadav said the unique IDs will be linked to the areas where the tigers originally belong. \"In India, there are six landscapes where tigers are found - Central India, Eastern Ghats, northeast hills and Brahmaputra flood plains, Shivalik hills and Gangetic plains, Sunderbans, and Western Ghats. The UID for a Sunderbans tiger will always start with a code, SU. These IDs will be assigned to landscapes and not to states since tigers often move across state boundaries,\" said Yadav. The trap location will give the code of the site where a tiger originally belongs.Conservationist Belinda Wright hailed the decision, but cautioned that \"the information should be managed very carefully\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470651", "title": "Unitech MD: Not sold our stock to Telenor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ajay Chandra, brother of Unitech Ltd MD Sanjay Chandra who is himself an MD with the firm, on Monday told a special CBI court that Unitech had not sold a \"single share\" to Norwegian firm Telenor after the foreign company invested in it. Sanjay is facing trial in the 2G scam case.Deposing as a CBI witness in the 2G scam case, Ajay said that after getting 2G licences in 2008, eight subsidiaries of Unitech Ltd came together and Telenor Asia (P) Limited was made an investor. \"It is correct that Unitech did not sell a single share held by it to Telenor Asia (P) Limited. Equity was given to Telenor Asia (P) Limited by way of fresh issuance of shares,\" he said.CBI had alleged that Unitech Wireless (Tamil Nadu) Pvt Ltd had off-loaded 60% of its shares to Telenor for Rs 6,200 crore iafter getting 2G licences and had earned windfall profit. The agency alleged that eight group companies were renamed after getting unified access services (UAS) licences from the DoT and they later merged into Unitech Wireless (Tamil Nadu) Pvt Ltd. Ajay told the court that equity of Telenor Asia (P) Limited was 67.25%, while that of Unitech, through its affiliates, was 32.75%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17471995", "title": "MATS students return from education tour", "text": "RAIPUR: A seven-day educational tour to Kolkata, Darjeeling and Gangtok was organized for students of MSc in MATS University.About 34 students went for the tour. Students visited various laboratories of Indian Association for Cultivation of Sciences (IASC), Kolkata. In Darjeeling, the students got an opportunity to visit Padmaja Naidu Himalayan Zoological Park, Himalayan Mountaineering Institute and Tea Garden. The Zoological park is the largest high altitude zoo in India.The students then headed to College of Agricultural Engineering &amp; Post Harvest Technology (CAEPHT) under Central Agricultural University, Ranipool, Gangtok.They were invited for carrying out mini project and offered to join as JRF and SRF in various government funded projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17471215", "title": "Economic development corporation's Patto project to be ready soon", "text": "PANAJI: With the economic development corporation's (EDC) Panaji Patto re-development project scheduled for completion within a month, the EDC has now invited tenders for three works for the maintenance of the Patto Plaza.Chief general manager Arvind Ghatkar told TOI that the first is license for collection of parking fee at Patto Plaza. There will be 1,000 pay-parking spaces for four wheelers and 1,000 pay-parking spaces for two wheelers. The structure for the parking fees has already been decided and the agency will be finalized shortly.Said Ghatkar, \"The pay parking is more for regulation of parking and maintaining order rather than for generating revenue. Monthly passes for pay parking will also be sold.\"The second work for which tenders have been invited is for the cleaning of roads, footpaths, etc., operation and cleaning of toilets and cleaning of drains at Patto Plaza. The agency for this will also be finalized in December itself, Ghatkar said.The third work is the allotment of rights for advertisements at Patto Plaza. Ghatkar said that while there will be four major signboards at prominent places, there will also be digital signboards. Besides, there will be advertising space on road signages. Ghatkar said that the EDC has already placed an order for signages. Most of these will be on electrical poles and will be meant for the traffic.The final cost of the EDC's Patto Plaza re-development project is expected to touch 15 crore. The work first started in November 2010. The project, included various features including roads, footpaths and water supply lines, streetlight infrastructure and drainages, new approach road, office cum toilet, store block, parking lots, etc.Presently, the EDC has placed order for landscaping. Ghatkar said the EDC will plant around 200 trees at Patto Plaza and also put lawns wherever possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472281", "title": "Labourer held for killing daughter", "text": "PUNE: A 28-year-old painting labourer was arrested from Sheela Salvenagar in Yerawada for throttling his six-year-old daughter to death.Rafique Umar Khan, 28, killed Bushra because his wife Rizwana did not stay with him. Though they lived separately, Rizwana would occasionally visit Rafique's house to meet her daughters Bushra, 6, and Asheya, 8.Senior inspector Kishore Jadhav, incharge of the Yerawada police station, told TOI that Khan often harassed and beat up his daughters over the dispute with his wife. Rizwana stayed with her daughters on Sunday night, but she left on Monday morning. This angered Rafique who went out looking for her.Khan's mother and sister, who lived with him, feared for the two girls and took them out on the pretext of dropping them to school in Kalyaninagar. \"Khan reached home on Monday afternoon and called up his sister to tell that he did not find his wife. He then picked the girls from Kalyaninagar and drove them to Wagholi and then Shastrinagar in an autorickshaw. Around 1.45 pm, he called his sister and mother to inform them that he had throttled Bushra to death. He asked them to reach there,\" Jadhav said.Rafique's mother and sister rushed Bushra to the Sassoon general hospital but the doctors proclaimed her dead.Khan was arrested after the hospital informed the matter to the police. Rafique's sister Sameera has lodged a complaint against him which has been registered under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17470303", "title": "Secure numberplates gather dust", "text": "NEW DELHI: The transport department's efforts to get new vehicle owners to opt for the high-security registration plates (HSRP) seem to have run into a hurdle. Despite a notification in October that made it mandatory for dealers to affix the secure numberplates before delivering the vehicle, no one is coming forward to get the new numberplates fixed. U R Kapoor of Rosemerta, which is the vendor for the HSRP, said, \"We have over a lakh registration plates with us which no one has come forward to collect.\" This is despite the fact that high-security registration plates are mandatory for new vehicles in Delhi.Issuing of high-security registration plates, which started from May this year, was set in motion by the transport department after a court order. In the first phase, the HSRP have been made mandatory for new vehicles. However, with few people coming forward to get the HSRP fixed, the transport department had in October come out with a notification making dealers responsible for these numberplates. At that time, Delhi traffic police had also started a drive against vehicles being driven without registration plates. The drive had prompted many owners of new vehicles to get the secure numberplates affixed, said Kapoor. \"The unclaimed plates had come down to 40,000 during that period,\" said the Rosemerta official.However, after the drive, the number has gone up again, touching 1 lakh numberplates. The vendor has to date affixed only 1.25 lakh registration plates, a minuscule number considering more than a thousand new vehicles are registered in the city every day. \"At present, we affix about 1,500-2,000 numberplates every day,\" added Kapoor. They have the capacity to fix over 4,000 secure registration plates every day. According to Kapoor, the situation has worsened in the past two months, with fewer vehicle owners turning up to collect the HSRP.Sources said dealers who were ordered by the transport department to affix the new numberplates before delivering the vehicle, have refused to do so. Said a senior transport department official, \"The dealers have been handing over the vehicles with the older numberplates, as they claim the court had never put the onus of fixing the HSRP on them.\" Delhi traffic police doesn't prosecute these vehicles as they have registration plates \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and not just the number affixed on paper as before. \"It's difficult to differentiate between the new vehicles with regular registration plates and older vehicles, so prosecution has come down,\" said a transport department official.Transport minister Ramakant Goswami has called a high-level meeting on Tuesday. Sources said the minister has asked the department to look into why dealers have not followed the notification. All stakeholders, including Rosemerta, will be present at the meeting, said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17474640", "title": "RMC bags award for mobile governance", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajkot Municipal Corporation(RMC) has bagged Computer Society of India's (CSI) award for excellence under the government-citizen project category.The CSI-Nihilent Award 2011-12 was given to the RMC for providing various mobile governance services like alerts on vaccination, property tax transactions, professional tax transactions, birth and death registration, bill payment to venders etc.The services are being run from RMC's call centre. CSI is the largest association of information technology professionals in India, with over 90,000 members comprising software developers, scientists, academicians, project managers, information technology vendors, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "anand", "code": "17475579", "title": "Goods train derails in Anand, wagon climbs on to platform", "text": "ANAND: A goods train was derailed at Anand railway station while being reversed and one of its wagons climbed onto the platform giving a scare to the people waiting for a passenger train. The accident happened when the train was being sided at the Anand railway yard.Sources said that while the train was being reversed to unload the goods, the last wagon of the train climbed onto platform number five. The sudden sound caused by the wagon on the platform scared the passengers waiting for a train to Khambhat.Officials said that the train was loaded with bags of wheat that had been transported from a warehouse of Food Corporation of India at Shajapur in Madhya Pradesh to Anand. The last wagon that had climbed onto the platform was detached from the rest of the train. Some parts of the track near the railway platform were damaged in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17475948", "title": "Friends worried about Lohan", "text": "Actress Lindsay Lohan's close friends are worried about her and feel she is on a downward spiral.The 26-year-old has spent time in rehab and jail in the past and was arrested Nov 29 for allegedly assaulting psychic Tiffany Mitchell in New York's Avenue nightclub.\"Lindsay is out of control. Her friends don't know what to do. She won't ever change,\" people.com quoted a friend as saying.\"She will fool people into thinking she's changed, but at some point in the night, she always snaps and it's always the same story,\" added another friend.Even Lohan's assistant Gavin Doyle, who bailed her out of jail, has urged her to get help, after they argued following her release.He took to Twitter, and posted: \"Lindsay Lohan, after bailing you out last night I hope and pray you get the help you so desperately need. We are all rooting for you. Life is not a movie it's a reality that needs to be faced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17474434", "title": "Skydiving will take off at Panambur next month", "text": "MANGALORE: If you an adrenalin junkie and have the money to spare, it's time to pull the ripcord. The first skydiving event at Panambur beach will be held mid-January.Panambur Beach Tourism Development Project (PBTDC) CEO Yathish Baikampady told TOI the event may feature either a four-seater Cessna or a helicopter depending on availability. The event is being organized by New Delhi-based Kakini Enterprises in association with Dakshina Kannada district administration and PBTDC. \"If it's a Cessna, it'll come from Chimes Aviation Academy in Dhana, Madhya Pradesh ,\" said Yatish. The clearance from the Airports Authority of India and civil aviation ministry will be coordinated when the dates are finalized, he added.It'll only be tandem jumps (with an instructor) not static jumps where a parachute is linked to the airplane and the static line opens the parachute without the intervention of the jumper. Yatish said: \"The cost of one tandem jump is about Rs 35,000. But we're working out deals with sponsors so that the rates can be lowered and more people could enjoy this sport.''A tandem jump is typically from about 9,000ft -10,000 ft above sea level, with a controlled fall of about 45 seconds, after which the parachute opens at about 5,000 ft. Yatish said to keep the rates low, the tandem jumps could take place at 4,000 ft to 6,000 ft. The static line jump doesn't have any free fall time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17474059", "title": "RTO to take up high security number plate work by December end", "text": "SURAT: The Regional Transport Office(RTO) has started pulling up its sock for a massive exercise of fitting High Security Registration Plates(HSRP), which will help police in tracking down stolen and missing vehicles, on automobiles, including cars and motorcycles, in the diamond city.Official sources said the agency hired for fitting the HSRP on automobiles has already been allotted space in the RTO office at Majura Gate and that the exercise is likely to start by December-end.In the first phase, according to the RTO officials, new vehicles being registered by the RTO will be fitted with the HSRP, as per the Central Motor Vehicle Rule, 1989 and that the exercise to cover around 22 lakh registered vehicles in the city would follow.BM Prajapati, regional transport officer (RTO), told TOI, \"We have allotted the space to the agency hired by the transport department for fitting the HSRPs on the automobiles. However, we intend to start the exercise sometime by the end of December. It is mandatory for the owners of new as well as old vehicles to get their vehicles fitted with the high security plates.\"Sources said that as per the fixed rates, the number plate for scooter, motor cycle, moped and other two wheelers will cost Rs 120 and that of light motor vehicles and passenger cars would be priced between Rs 350. The number plate for heavy vehicles will cost Rs 370. There will be separate charge of Rs 30 each for snap lock and stickers informing the details of the vehicles.The charges for replacing the HSRP would range from Rs 50 to Rs 170 for all types of vehicles.The HSRP has a chromium-based hologram with chakra image, sticker with the engine and chassis number and non-removable and non-reusable snap lock.Prajapati said, \"Along with HSRP, we will also paste stickers having the details of the car and its owners on the windscreen. The HSRP will help investigation agencies to track stolen or missing vehicles by using smart card and Global Position System technologies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17475002", "title": "Health dept to use SMS to improve effeciency", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh health department plans to extensively use SMS text service to improve health services in the state. SMS can be effectively used to reach out to larger groups and monitoring of welfare schemes.This was disclosed by the district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankja Shukla while talking to TOI here on Monday, a day the humble SMS texting has turned 20. Over the two decades it has taken various forms like BBM, Whatsapp, mobile chat messengers.\"Automated SMS-based services could help in ensuring compliance as seen in the case of institutional deliveries through the mother and child tracking system (MCTS),\" said district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankja Shukla.Using the MCTS system all the functionaries - ANM, ASHA, Anganwadi workers - track every expecting mother and child (under age of 5) for various health parameters.\"Registrations and tracking is mandatory for private hospitals as well. Without a unique number no hospital can conduct sonography on pregnant women,\" he added.Aided by increase in mobile penetration, the planning commission has even warned to only release funds and vaccines for those registered under MCTS. So far about 67% of government and only 13% private hospitals in the state have registered under e-governance initiative.The impact of SMS service is perhaps more significant in the rural areas. UNICEF backed special newborn care unit (SNCU) in Guna and Shivpuri alone have tracked some 2500 children in the last year.Simple texting helps the health workers on field. \"Digitizing the records through mobile phones works well for me as I do not have to carry ten registers every time,\" said Savita Rani, an ASHA worker. The data (in Hindi or English) is updated live. The impact is significant with no chances of multiple entry and errors.\"The impact is real time. We can initiate action for follow up and care,\" said Dr Shukla. \"All registration forms have to have a mobile number. In case the patients family member do not have a mobile, the ASHA or ANM worker - is made responsible to follow up,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17474136", "title": "Salman Khan set to revive 'Tere Naam' magic", "text": "The actor's next with brother Sohail is a project named after Radhe, his famous long-haired avatar in the 2003 blockbuster Tere NaamSatish Kaushik's 2003 film Tere Naam had brought critical acclaim to Salman Khan . Breaking out of the lover boy image, the actor had essayed the role of a bad boy who loses his mind over unrequited love, with elan.And now, TOI has learnt that Salman is ready to revive the famous character of Radhe - the character that had even made a hairstyle famous. Albeit as a namesake, Radhe will come back soon as Sohail Khan's next directorial venture.We learnt from industry insiders, after Sohail's superhero project Sher Khan hit a roadblock, Salman green flagged another film that will go on floors next year. And it was the actor, who in a recent interaction with TOI, confirmed that it would be Radhe.\"I am doing Sohail's film Radhe and that will happen before Sher Khan ,\" he told us and before we got excited, added as a disclaimer, \"But, this is just a working title for now.\"According to a source Sohail never goes ahead with a project unless his big brother Salman approves of it. \"He discussed the subject of Radhe with Salman. After prolonged interactions and several meetings, they agreed on the subject and decided to go on floors with it before Sher Khan ,\" said the source.However, plans of revisiting the famous character are still in the nascent stage. \"Details are being worked out even as we speak. It would be interesting to see if Salman will grow his hair and reprise the famous role again,\" the source told us.Incidentally, Sohail has just returned to the city after organising one of the biggest Bollywood shows in Dubai with Salman and Priyanka Chopra . Whether PeeCee's renewed friendship with the Khan-daan will land her a role in Sohail's project, only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17471885", "title": "CM petitioned on dog menace", "text": "GAYA: Repeated requests to the Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC) to get rid of stray cattle and street dogs menacingly moving on the main roads including town's shopping areas located in G B Road, Dak Bungalow Road, Tekari Road and K P Road etc. having failed to stir the civic body to action, Prabuddha Nagrik Parishad, a citizen's body has now petitioned chief minister Nitish Kumar to get rid of the menace.In the petition, Nagrik Parishad convener Braj Nandan Pathak has complained that not only stray cattle roam around the business centre particularly in the vegetable and fruit markets, these animals squat anywhere and everywhere including Gaya Collectorate area, GMC premises and other places causing traffic congestion.The stray cattle have developed immunity to even high decibel honking by the drivers.The petition further says that pedestrians, motorcycle riders and cyclists are frequently hit by these stray animals causing fracture and limb injury to roads users. Not only that.In many cases, heavy vehicles hit these animals and in the absence of any care, the injured animals limp around with wounds covered by flies and other insects.The petitioner, an RTI activist, complains that he has, on many occasions, requested the veterinarians to take care of the injured and ailing stray cattle but the stock reply is that someone will have to bring the injured and ailing cattle to the veterinary hospital for treatment.And even then, treatment cannot be guaranteed as medicine is rarely available at the veterinary hospital.Old timers recall that, in the past, the GMC used to have two canine houses but the two houses have now ceased to exist as the municipal body has now constructed shopping complexes by demolishing them.Conceding that the stray cattle menace was real in the town, Lalji Prasad, member, standing committee, GMC, said that, on several occasions, resolutions have been passed to outsource the job of catching and detaining the stray cattle but the proposals have never been acted upon.The GMC, on its own, was not in a position to deal with the problem due to lack of resources and manpower, said Prasad.Prasad also said that indiscriminate breeding by street dogs had added to the woes of the municipal body. Prasad favoured forcible sterilization of the street dogs to keep the ever rising street dog population in check.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17475246", "title": "Passengers suffer as Delhi-bound flight returns after smoke scare", "text": "RANCHI: Passengers, including Jamshedpur MP Ajay Kumar , onboard a Delhi-bound GoAir flight which made an emergency landing late on Sunday evening had a harrowing time. Although the flight took off safely 3 hours after it landed, the passengers suffered for hours at the airport here. Many of them complained that the airline did not make any arrangement for food.Smoke was detected in the cargo of the (G8-148) flight which took off for Delhi from here at 8:20pm on Sunday. After it had flown around 100 nautical miles and was near Varanasi, the smoke alarms of the plane went off. On contacting the ATC, pilots were told to return to Ranchi. Although no passenger was informed of the smoke detection in the cargo of the flight, they suspected some foul play when the flight went on its reverse journey.Meera Budhiya, a flier, said, \"Authorities had made no arrangement for our stay and we had to suffer a lot.\" Rajiv Ranjan, another passenger, echoed her. The airline worked casually and did not support fliers in cases of emergency. Some of the passengers even picked up a quarrel with the GoAir officials.Jamshedpur MP Kumar, who was going to attend the Parliament session on Monday, said the timely detection of the smoke led to the safe landing. The flight with 180 passengers also carried several doctors.Local station manager of GoAir Neeraj Sharma said, \"The flight had returned because of some technical problems.\" He did not elaborate further. Ranchi airport director Raju Raghvendra Kumar said smoke was detected from the cargo of the flight after which alarms went off. \"After an extensive check-up, the engineers declared the flight fit for flying and it took off,\" Kumar added. The flight took off from here around 1am on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470266", "title": "Distress signal: Traffic slows to 12kmph", "text": "KOLKATA: In Kolkata, traffic signals seem to be there to test your patience. Instead of cutting down the waiting time, the countdown from red to green has become lengthier at many crossings.Worse, the traffic police are in a frenzy to set up traffic signals at every intersection, even at the crossroads of an alley, making traffic crawl like snail. The city's average speed has plummeted from 25kmph to an embarrassing 12-15kmph.It often takes more than an hour to cover a stretch that could be managed in 20 minutes even a year ago.\"The traffic police must rectify the signal cycle. If it is more than 60 seconds, it is bound to spark impatience. Kolkata has signals of 180 seconds. It's atrocious,\" said Dr Dinesh Mohan, a professor at IIT Delhi and a traffic expert.Moreover, there is lack of signal synchronization. At the AJC Bose Road-DL Khan Road crossing, for instance, the north-south flow gets less than 30 seconds but east-west traffic has to wait for a nerve-wracking 180 seconds.Traffic and transport experts say that longer signal cycles encourage rash driving as most motorists try to beat these dreaded crossings at breakneck speed. Kolkatans' patience get tested daily at crossings like SP Mukherjee Road-Rash Behari Avenue, Deshapran Sashmal Road-Prince Anwar Shah Road, Sarat Bose Road-Southern Avenue and Deshpran Sashmal Road-Tollygunge Circular Road. Most hours of the day, the signal timer starts the countdown from 180. If you are lucky, you get a 120-second countdown. And that's for one flank of the road. A 10-minute wait is almost sure at four-way crossings.\"If you get stuck at any crossings, you will tear your hair in frustration. The days you zip past one of these crossings, you feel blessed,\" said Kollol Mukherjee, a marketing executive.What's worse, signals are sprouting up anywhere and everywhere, even where they are impediments. Signals and traffic rotaries don't belong together but at New Alipore petrol pump, you will find them coexisting. The moment, the signal is switched on, traffic plunges into chaos. So police put the signal perpetually on amber mode, said a traffic engineer.Signals have come up at the head of narrow lanes, making traffic stutter and stumble every other minute, more so because there is no synchronisation of signals. On Deshpran Sashmal Road there are signals at five-second intervals.Deputy commissioner-traffic Dilip Adak admitted that the signal cycles were set long back and should have been reviewed on the changing traffic patterns. Cutting down signal cycles is a priority to improve traffic, said a transportation engineer. \"Getting stuck at signals for long periods is a major waste of time and energy. Reducing the cycles will facilitate faster dispersal of traffic,\" he said.At many crossings, countdown meters have either become defunct or have been de-synchronized. So signals and countdown meters do not work in alignment. Often, the meter counts down to zero and starts all over again, or jumps from 20 to zero, say motorists.If operated correctly, countdown meters work wonders. Motorists can switch off their engine instead of idling it on an uncertain wait. This would save fuel and reduce pollution, said a traffic engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17473035", "title": "Rio Tinto's diamond mining to wait till it strikes the right rock", "text": "NAGPUR: Australian mining company Rio Tinto, which would be the first private player to mine diamonds in India, may have to wait for some more time to get the final go-ahead for its operations. Rio Tinto which has been exploring diamonds at Chattarpur district in Madhya Pradesh had over a month ago submitted a mining plan for approval from the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM), which has its headquarters in the city. However, the IBM has sent back the application asking the global mining group to further ascertain its discovery, as the present data submitted by it does not indicate that the reserves have been finally proven.The country's only diamond mine in Panna, also in Madhya Pradesh, is operated by the public sector undertaking ( PSU), National Mining Development Corporation and the Chattarpur reserves are known to be a geological extension of Panna mines said a source in the IBM.When contacted Rio Tinto's India head, Nicklesh Senapati refused to comment saying that the company did not deal with newspapers.Sources in the IBM said the company had submitted an application which cited the probable reserves in the area and the mining regulator had asked it come up with the data on proven reserves and only then go-head with the mining. This is in lines with the international norms laid down under the United Nations Framework Classification adopted by the IBM, said a senior official involved in the process.The stages of exploration are classified ranging from G4 to G1. Rio Tinto has not achieved the G1 stage, which indicates proving of the reserves. Sources said that Rio Tinto had only reached upto the G3 stage but had come up with the application for approving the mining plan.Mining starts with reconnaissance which is the basic survey, followed by ground surveys with the areas of exploration closing in with each advancing stage and finally the reserves being proven.Decks are cleared for Rio Tinto getting the final mining lease from the Madhya Pradesh government however it hinges on the mining plan getting approved from the IBM.A mining plan considers the scale of mining, environmental aspects and other details. So it is better to have a definite area in hand before approving the plan. The data showing probable reserves is too vague to grant an approval said an official in the technical branch of IBM. Diamonds cannot be necessarily found even in close vicinity of an existing mine. Internationally only around 3% to 5% of the strata known to have diamonds actually have the reserves, the source said.However, given the scale of investment put up by Rio Tinto it is expected to come up with the final report too, said the source. The Madhya Pradesh government also is rather upbeat on the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17470968", "title": "CBI files charge-sheet against Pradeep Shukla", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The CBI on Monday filed charge-sheet against senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla in connection with alleged irregularities in upgrading of 89 district hospitals in the state, under National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scheme, causing a loss of Rs 16 crore to the exchequer.The agency had received sanction to prosecute Shukla on November 30 from the Centre after that a charge-sheet was filed before special CBI court in Ghaziabad on Monday.Shukla and officials of UP Processing and Construction Cooperative Federation Ltd (PACCFED), including its managing director V K Chowdhary, the then director general of family welfare S P Ram, Moradabad-based businessman Saurabh Jain, and his firms were booked by the agency in January this year.While remaining accused were chargesheeted in May this year, the charge-sheet against Shukla was pending because CBI was awaiting sanction for his prosecution.The 55-year-old IAS officer was the NRHM mission director and principal secretary, family welfare, when the Rs 5,700 crore scam allegedly took place during the BSP rule. He was arrested by the agency in May but was released on bail. After his release, Shukla joined back as member Revenue Board but the UP government issued orders of him being \"deemed suspended\".CBI alleged officials of PACCFED favoured ineligible firms and released payment of Rs 16.93 crore on the basis of forged documents.In its charge-sheet, the agency alleged Shukla along with Ram entered in criminal conspiracy with private firms and gave contract related to upgrading of district hospitals in Uttar Pradesh worth Rs 89 crore on the basis of forged documents.Out of Rs 16 crore loss caused to exchequer, more than Rs 13 crore was allegedly cornered by Jain, close confidante of former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, who used it to bribe public servants and also invested in various companies.Earlier on Novemver 26, the agency was pulled up by the Supreme Court for delay in proceedings against Shukla and other accused. The court expressed surprise that CBI had been waiting for sanction for prosecuting its officials, including Shukla, in the scam despite its order that sanction would be deemed to have been granted if the competent authority refused to decide it within three months.The SC observation came while hearing the plea challanging Allahabad High Court's order to monitor the investigation into the scam. Shukla had pleaded before the high court to quash the FIRs registered against him as, he claimed, the CBI had not taken proper sanction for his prosecution from the Department of Personnel and Training. However, he did not get any relief. Instead, the High Court expressed displeasure over the delay in investigation and prosecution.The NRHM scam came to the fore last year after two CMOs of Lucknow were shot dead one after another in six months time. The CBI inquiry was ordered by the high court on a public interest litigation.Babu Singh Kushwaha, who was minister in the BSP regime, was sacked by then chief minister Mayawati. In March this year, Kushwaha was arrested along with 15 others. The CBI was hyperactive during the assembly elections held earlier this year in February-March but slowed down later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17472041", "title": "Maitra Cup football from Dec 14", "text": "MUMBAI: Leading schools from the city will be participating in the JC Maitra &amp; JC Bhattacharjee Memorial boys' under-16 inter-schools football tournament, organised by Bengal Club Sports Academy at Shivaji Park from December 14-19.A total of 24 teams, including last year's champions St. Francis D'Assisi, St. Xavier's, Fort and Don Bosco will be seen in action in the event.The winning team will receive a cash award of Rs 10,000 and the JC Maitra Rolling Trophy while the runners-up will receive Rs 5,000 and the JC Bhattacharjee Rolling Trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472276", "title": "Duo assault woman, snatch her chain", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified persons on motorcycle hit a 52-year-old woman with a wooden stick before snatching her gold chain. The incident took place at Santoshnagar in Katraj around 6 on Monday morning.A complaint has been lodged by Omena Balan of Dattakrupa society with the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station.The police said that Balan was on her regular morning walk on Monday when two persons on a motorcycle stopped her on the pretext of asking an address.While she was talking to them, one of the suspects thrashed Balan with a wooden stick and pushed her. He then snatched her gold chain and fled. The chain is worth Rs 60,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "tarakeshwar (hooghly)", "code": "17470790", "title": "Youth held for setting ox on fire", "text": "Tarakeshwar (Hooghly): A youth sent shockwaves across the holy town of Tarakeshwar on Sunday evening when he poured petrol on an ox and set it on fire. The accused, Ashoke Biswas, 26, was arrested and produced in court on Monday morning and granted bail later.In a written statement to the Tarakeshwar police station, Biswas said the ox had struck him and his wife with its horns because of which he poured petrol and set it on fire. On Sunday evening, Biswas was sitting with his friends at Baidyapur when a bull, on being reportedly teased by the youth, struck him with his horns. The enraged youth rushed to his motorcycle, collected petrol in a mug, poured it on the ox and set it on fire.The ox's screams drew attention of locals who splashed water to douse the flames. \"People often donate bulls that are worshipped here as the vahana of Lord Shiva. We take care of these animals. Such an act has shocked us,\" said Champa Das, a homemaker.\"He was arrested and produced in court. We were told that the man had tried to hurt another ox earlier. He was booked under the Cruelty to Animals Act and got bail on Monday evening,\" said OC of Tarakeshwar police station, Deborshi Sinha.The ox is severely burnt and undergoing treatment.A youth sent shock waves across Tarakeshwar - the holy town associated with Lord Shiva and hence a pilgrimage for Shivaites, forcing people to come out of their homes in protest against his barbaric act. Ashoke Biswas poured petrol on an ox and set it alight. The screaming anguish of the large animal instantly brought hundreds on to the street who tried to douse the flame and caught the miscreant red-handed.The 26-year-old Ashoke Biswas was sitting with his friends at Baidyapur last evening when a bull, reportedly on being teased by the youth, charged and rammed him with his horns. The enraged youth simply rushed to his motorcycle parked nearby, collected petrol in a mug from its tank, splashed it on the animal and threw a lighted matchstick on him, setting the large animal on fire instantly. The frightened animal started screaming and running wildly, alarming the neighbourhood. Women streamed out of homes with buckets of water in an effort to douse the flames, which by then had grievously wounded the animal and it had fallen to the ground moaning.Ashoke tried to escape as a part of the mob now closed in and nabbed him. Women started beating him for what is considered to be a heinous religious crime in this temple town. He was handed over to the police who produced him at the district court in Chandernagore on Monday morning.\"A large number of bulls will be seen on the streets of Tarakeshwar, famous for its Shiva temple. People often make mannats and donate bulls that are worshipped here as the vahana of Lord Shiva. The people of Tarakeshwar, feed and take care of these stray animals. Naturally, such an act has shocked us,\" said Champa Das, a housewife, who handed Ashoke over to the police.In a written statement to the Tarakeshwar police station, Ashoke has said that the animal struck him and his wife with his horns, so he decided to teach him a lesson. \"We immediately arrested him and produced him in court on Monday morning. We were told that the man had tried to similarly hurt another ox in the past. He was booked under the Cruelty to Animals Act and secured bail on Monday evening,\" said OC of Tarakeshwar police station, Deborshi Sinha.A veterinary surgeon has been brought in from Tarakeshwar to treat the animal which is seriously injured and might not recover, police said. The Tarakeshwar police station is taking care of the injured bull.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "17470503", "title": "Train mows down elephant calf", "text": "Siliguri: A two-year-old elephant calf was killed after being hit by the Alipurduar-bound Kanchan Kanya Express on Monday. The accident occurred at Mahananda wildlife sanctuary, on the tracks that run between New Jalpaiguri and Alipurduar Junction railway stations.On Monday morning, a herd of elephants was crossing the railway track near the railway post when the train, coming from Kolkata, hit the male calf, tossing it off the track.The 168-km track, that cuts through forests and tea gardens in the Terai and Dooars region, often proves fatal for animals. On an average, the track kills five elephants every year, besides injuring a host of other animals.Green activists and naturalist organizations have requested the railways to stop running trains on this track. \"The most tragic part of it is that people at the helm of affairs are not really interested in sorting out the problem,\" said Animesh Basu of Himalayan Nature and Adventure Foundation.In September 2010, seven elephants were mowed down in a single incident at Banerhat on this particular railway track. Over the past five years, nearly 23 elephants have been killed after being hit by trains running on the track.The frequent animal deaths have drawn criticism from several quarters. Green activists and naturalist organizations have time and again requested the railways to stop running trains on this track at night and shift those to the track that passes through Falakata in Jalpaiguri. The railway authorities have also been asked to double the line to ease traffic. But all appeals have fallen on deaf ears.\"The most tragic part of it is that people at the helm of affairs are not really interested in sorting out the problem. These deaths have been going on for years, but the railways is still indifferent,\" said Animesh Basu of Himalayan Nature and Adventure Foundation.In 2002, when this 168-km long track was being converted into broad gauge from meter gauge, nature lovers had protested against the move of the railway department.WWF had also filed a case at the Calcutta high court. But the project could not be stopped. HC had given permission for the gauge conversion and had asked the railways to follow certain directives so that the line did not prove fatal for animals. But the norms are hardly adhered to.Yet another elephant was killed on Monday on the railway track that runs between New Jalpaiguri and Alipurduar Junction railway stations and cuts through the forestlands and tea gardens in the Dooars and Terai traversing a distance of 168 km. A male elephant calf was killed after it was hit by the speeding Alipurduar bound Kanchan Kanya Express.The incident happened on Monday morning in between Gulma and Sevoke, in the Mahananda wildlife sanctuary. A herd of elephants was crossing the railway track near the 23 kilometre railway post when the train from Kolkata hit the two-year-old calf. The body of the elephant was tossed off the railway track after hitting it on its hind portion.This is the 168 km long track which, on an average, takes the toll of five elephants every year and injures scores of other animals. In September 2010, seven elephants were mowed down in a single incident at Banerhat on this particular railway track. In the past five years as many as 23 elephants have been killed hit by trains on this track.All the naturist organizations have time and again requested the Railways to stop running of trains on this track in the night hours and shift those on the parallel track that passes through Jalpaiguri, Falakata. But all appeals have fallen on deaf ears.Time and again different organizations have asked the Railways to double the line (that passes through Jalpaiguri and Falakata) to minimize traffic on the Dooars track. But nothing has been done till now.\"The most tragic part of it is that persons at the helm of affairs are not really interested in sorting the problem out. The same incident is going on happening and yet the Railways are indifferent to the issue,\" said Animesh Basu of Himalayan Nature and Adventure Foundation.When this track was being converted into broad gauge from meter gauge in 2002, nature lovers had protested against the move of the railway department. The WWF had also filed a case at the Calcutta High Court. But the project could not be stopped. The Calcutta High Court had given the permission for the gauge conversion and had asked the railway department to follow certain directives so that the line did not prove fatal for the animals. But the norms are hardly followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17472672", "title": "No salaries without Aadhar cards for all teachers, students", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has made it clear to all schools that unless all staff and students are enrolled in the Unique identification ( UID) scheme, no salaries will be paid from next financial year. School education secretary JS Saharia said, \"The onus is on the school to get the job done, else all salary payments will be stopped.\"Addressing city school principals on Saturday, Saharia reiterated the government's decision taken a few months ago, since no school has completed the entire process.Deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar said, \"The government is taking proactive steps and providing extra machines to process Aadhar card applications. The local education officer will coordinate with schools to ensure that we are not left behind.\"City principals feel the task is too huge to be completed in the given time frame. S Prabhuraman, principal of Saraswati Vidyalaya, said, \"To get a card for every staff member and student is a very difficult thing. I received the circular from the education department, asking for Aadhar card numbers of my staff immediately, but how can it be done in an instant? Giving a bit more time would have been practical.\"In the six districts under the jurisdiction of education department's Nagpur region, there are around 7 lakh students. Apart from getting an Aadhar card for all of them, the local education department has to worry about the 30,000 teachers as well. \"The process will certainly take time but we are trying our best to get it done before the financial year ends, because the government has said it won't disburse salaries,\" said Karajgaonkar.The state government has decided to pay salaries only through the Electronic Clearing System (ECS) mode hence every teacher needs an account. An Aadhar card number is mandatory in the form that teachers have to fill to get their salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17475895", "title": "Agri deadlock on in assembly", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The deadlock in the Assembly continued for the fifth day on Monday with the treasury and Opposition members failing to arrive at a consensus on the procedure to be adopted for a debate on the farmers' issues.An all-party meeting, chaired by Speaker Pradip Amat, failed to achieve much headway as neither side budged. Only the Question Hour was held and the assembly could not transact much legislative business despite the state government's plans to table 16 bills during the winter session, which is slated to have 21 sittings and continue till December 22.As soon as the house assembled for the day, Congress legislators rushed to the well demanding discussion on the farmers' problems. The Opposition has been stalling house proceedings from the beginning of the current session after rejection of their notice on an adjournment motion on the issue by the speaker.Amat had said only one minister should reply during a debate through adjournment motion, but the Congress had sought involvement of three ministers. But its notice was turned down.Leader of the Opposition Bhupinder Singh raised the issue again as party members rushed to the well shouting slogans and displaying placards against the ruling BJD. However, following an invitation from the speaker for an all-party meet, the Opposition allowed smooth conduct of Question Hour but no further business could take place during the pre-lunch session.When the House assembled for the post-lunch session, Congress MLAs created a din forcing adjournment of proceedings for the day. \"The discussion remained inconclusive,\" Amat told mediapersons.Citing a debate through adjournment motion in February 2008, when two ministers had responded to Opposition queries, Singh told mediapersons that the speaker should consider the Congress's demand. \"The state government is scared of any debate on the farmers' issues,\" he alleged.Parliamentary affairs minister Kalpataru Das did not accept the Opposition's version, saying, \"One minister should reply to an adjournment motion debate. The government is ready for debate in whichever manner the Speaker deems it appropriate.\"BJP, which has been blaming both the central and the state governments for the problems plaguing farmers, said the party wants the house to function smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17472319", "title": "PMC's revenue from road digging plummets", "text": "PUNE: The PMC's earnings from road digging and cable laying charges have fallen drastically from Rs 27.5 crore in 2008-09 to Rs 12.5 crore in 2011-12. And, in the first eight months of the current financial year, the civic body has received only Rs 5 crore from road digging and cable laying charges.The PMC charges telecom operators, electricity suppliers, mobile phone operators, internet service providers and gas companies which provide pipe gas supply for digging the roads for laying cables. Around 20 companies and operators pay these charges to the PMC.Information sought under the Right to Information Act revealed that the PMC had earned around Rs 27.5 core from these charges in 2008-09, while in 2009-10 and 2010-11 the revenue was nearly Rs 26.5 crore each. The situation worsened last year, when the revenue decreased to Rs 12.5 crore.\"Some of the operators have laid cables without making payments and following the proper process. With the increase in the use of internet and phone, the number of cables is increasing, but it does not reflect in the records. There should be a mechanism to monitor laying of cables,\" said Vivek Velankar, president of Sajag Nagrik Manch, who had sought the information under the RTI Act.\"Considering the flow of revenue till date, the PMC would earn even less in the current year. This year, it has received around Rs 5 crore in the first eight months,\" said Vishwas Sahastrabuddhe, a member of the group.Pramod Nirbhavane, head of the road department of the PMC, said that the decline in revenue is because of the lack of proposals from operators. \"New technologies have been introduced in the telecom sector. So, many operators are doing away with the process of laying cables and promoting wireless connections. This has reduced the number of requests for laying cables.\"Now, in an attempt to augment the revenue, the civic administration has planned to increase the rate for restoration of roads or pavements dug up by different service providers. In a proposal tabled before the standing committee, the administration has suggested restoration charges of Rs 2,600 per metre for laying open cables (existing rate Rs 1,900 per metre); Rs 3,600 per metre for laying cables covered with PVC pipes (currently Rs 2,900 per metre), and Rs 4,500 per metre for laying cables covered with RCC pipes (Rs 3,800).The penalty for digging roads without proper permission will also cost more. Illegal digging of roads will attract fines which will be three times the actual charge, the proposal states.\"The increase in charges will help raise revenue. It will also prove a deterrent to those who dig up the roads illegally or haphazardly. The increase charges will also help reduce the frequency of road digging,\" Nirbhavane said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17475575", "title": "Army recruitment: 23K aspirants, only 1998 fit", "text": "MHOW: Thousands of aspirants from Indore and Ujjain divisions had participated in the Army recruitment rally organized at the Gorkha ground in Mhow from Thursday to Monday. Despite the huge turnout, less than two thousand were able to clear the physical test -- the first stage for recruitment of soldiers.As per the records, 23,200 youths had appeared for the physical tests of which only 1998 were able to pass the tests.When asked about this abysmally low percentage of candidates passing the physical tests, Col R S Padda of ARO, said it is due to low awareness level about physical fitness in the youth. \"The candidates had no sufficient practice which is extremely needed,\" he said.The aspirants had to run for 1,600 meter and maximum permitted time was six minutes and twenty seconds. Most of the local candidates who cleared the running round were not able to complete the run within the time bracket. Candidates are also required to do a minimum of six beam-pulls and maximum marks are allotted for ten pulls. However, majority of the candidates were able to do not more than six or seven pulls, he said.Noted nutritionist and physical endurance instructor Dr O P Agrawal told TOI that people of Malwa region are generally physically weak in comparison with the people of Bundelkhand, Baghelkhand and Mahakauhsal regions of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17472722", "title": "Playgrounds lose match to builders", "text": "CHENNAI: In the last couple of months, two of the city's popular private cricket grounds seem to have lost the game against real estate development. A number of open spaces for children have been sold to builders as land prices shoot up and demand for residential and commercial complexes increases.The most recent one to go was Mayajaal's cricket ground A, one of the two grounds the recreation centre had on its 27-acre land. The owners decided to build 73 villas on nine acres. \"This was part of our plan,\" said Udeep B, owner of Mayajaal. \"Most builders set up apartments and then create a community around it. We created the community with the multiplex and indoor game centre. Now, we are bringing in houses. But yes, the cricket ground was popular among corporates,\" he said.In October, the 17-year-old Mac Spin Foundation, a cricket coaching academy on 10 grounds in Kotturpuram, closed to make way for an apartment complex. \"We are looking for a new place to set up,\" said Peter Fernandez, head coach at the foundation, which has nurtured several under-19s and IPL players.\"I enrolled my son at Mac because it was centrally located,\" said Viji Ganesh, a parent. She tried to find other centres, but realised all of them were on leased grounds that could soon be sold to builders.Rajalingam Manickavasan of SportzCorner, a sports promotion venture, said the number of grounds available for sports events has reduced. \"There is no space to hire for one-off matches. Many of the grounds are used as dumpyards,\" he said.CMDA officials said they ensure that open space reserve (OSR) land is maintained. \"In all development that exceeds 10,000 sqm, we insist that developers dedicate 10% of land as OSR,\" said a CMDA official.While it's all good on paper, NGOs say the reality is sometimes different. \"The government has not been able to regulate OSR in some developments in the city, especially at the IT parks. In some places, it has been overlooked. In others, OSR is maintained as private parks. So the public has no access,\" said Roshan Toshniwal of Transparent Chennai, a group that works on civic issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17470278", "title": "Teen's autopsy report rules out murder", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the death of filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak's granddaughter Aditi Ghatak, the victim's mother on Monday submitted a written complaint stating that her daughter was murdered. Accordingly, South 24-Parganas district police have initiated a probe though the autopsy report does not corroborate the murder charge.Aditi, a first-year student of South Kolkata Girls' College who was found unconscious inside a car that fell into a canal off EM Bypass late on Friday evening, died on Sunday afternoon. Initially, Tiljala police station had registered a case of unnatural death and sent the body for post-mortem. \"Mud and water were found in her lungs which suggest that she died due to drowning,\" said an officer of Kolkata Police.The investigators also have reason to believe that the driver of the car lost control and the vehicle slipped into the canal. But they are not closing the file banking entirely on the post-mortem reportand will be probing further for more circumstantial evidence.However, the 19-year-old girl's family is not ready to accept that Aditi died in an accident. On Saturday morning, her family members lodged a complaint of rash and negligent driving against Aditi's friend Gyanjit Pattar, who was allegedly driving the car. But after Aditi's death, her mother alleged that she was murdered.\"Earlier, we had started a case of negligent driving. We have recorded the victim's mother's complaint and initiated an investigation. We will conduct mechanical tests on the car,\" said Praveen Kumar Tripathy, SP South 24-Parganas. CID officers have also started a probe and visited the spot apart from speaking to the victim's friends.The teen had reportedly gone to meet her friend Gyanjit Pattar at a hookah bar on Lake Road on Friday. There she was introduced to Pattar's friends Alisha and Tania and the gang of four decided to go on a drive towards Kheyada off EM Bypass. According to one of the girls, Pattar - who was speaking on the phone while driving - suddenly lost control and the car slipped into a roadside canal.Pattar somehow managed to get out of the car and tried arranging for help, but nobody allegedly came forward, said the girl. It was then that he rescued Alisha and the two then rescued Tania and Aditi and took the latter to hospital.A day after the death of 19-year-old Aditi Ghatak, filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak's granddaughter, the victim's mother submitted a written complaint stating that she suspects her daughter was murdered. Accordingly, South 24 Paraganas district police have initiated a probe.Aditi, a first year student of a south Kolkata girls' college, was found unconscious inside a car that sank into a canal near EM Bypass late on Friday evening. She succumbed at a private hospital on Sunday afternoon. Initially, Tiljala police station registered a case of unnatural death and sent the body for post mortem. The autopsy report, however, does not corroborate the allegation of murder. According to the initial finding of the post mortem report, Aditi died of drowning. \"Mud and water was found in her lungs which suggest that she died due to drowning,\" said an officer of Kolkata Police. The investigators have reason to believe that the driver of the car lost control and the vehicle slipped into the canal.However, the victim's family members are not ready to accept that Aditi died in an accident. On Saturday morning, her family members lodged a complaint of rash and negligent driving against Aditi's friend Gyanjit Pattar, who was allegedly driving the car. After Aditi's death, her mother alleged that Aditi was murdered. Following her verbal complaint, investigators from Sonarpur police station (where the car was found) met Aditi's mother Samhita and recorded her statement. \"Earlier, we had started a case of negligent driving. We have recorded the victim's mother's complaint and initiated an investigation. We will conduct mechanical tests on the car,\" said Praveen Kumar Tripathy, SP South 24 Paraganas.Aditi reportedly left her New Alipore residence on Friday evening to meet her friend Pattar at a hukkah bar at Lake Market. Two other girls - Alisha and Tania - were present there. Though Aditi was not known to both Tania and Alisha, Pattar was their common friend.From the hukkah bar, all four reportedly left for a drive in Pattar's car. Pattar was driving the car and went towards Kheyada off EM Bypass. One of the girls in the car claimed that Pattar was driving and talking on his cell phone. Suddenly, he lost control over the wheels and the car slipped into a roadside canal. All the windows except Pattar's were closed and water started flooding the car. Pattar reportedly managed to get out of the car and asked for help. No one allegedly helped him. With the help of Alisha, he rescued both Tania and Aditi who got stuck in the back seat of the car. They took Aditi to a private hospital in an unconscious state where doctors initially found drowning symptoms as mud and water was found in her stomach.Investigators, however, are not banking entirely on the post mortem report and are probing further for more circumstantial evidence. CID officers have also started a probe and spoke to the victim's friends and visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17475879", "title": "No pay hike for teachers of special schools", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Teachers, working in schools for differently-abled in the state, are a discriminated lot. They possess qualifications equivalent to their counterparts in normal government schools but don't get increments or any other service or pension benefits like teachers in normal schools.The women and child development (WCD) department provides funds for these schools numbering around 50, including 18 schools for visually-challenged, 11 for the mentally-challenged and 22 for deaf and dumb. However, these are managed by non-government organizations (NGOs).The government approves posts of teachers and non-teaching staff on the basis of their qualification and diploma or degree in special education. The degree is equivalent to certified teachers' (CT) course or bachelor in education (B.Ed).Around 700 teachers are working in these schools covering over 5,000 students. \"While many of us are disabled, we don't get a penny when we are disengaged from job,\" said visually-challenged Rajanikant Padi, a teacher of Berhampur Blind School.After the government asked the management of these schools recently to terminate services of teachers after they attain 60 years, the teachers moved the Orissa high court. \"There is confusion whether we are government employees or NGO workers. At the age of 60, we are just asked to quit without any benefits. If we are NGO volunteers, why should the government disengage us at the age of 60,\" Padi questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-04"}
