{"city": "warangal", "code": "12629849", "title": "Chilli ryots go on rampage", "text": "WARANGAL: Over eight hundred farmers went on a rampage at the Enumamula agricultural market yard here on Wednesday enraged over the sudden drop in the procuring price of chilli. They set the market committee office on fire. Angry farmers pelted stones on the office and damaged furniture and air-conditioners. The mayhem went on for over four hours. The farmers finally relented after the traders agreed to purchase the stocks at the old prices.Chilli price, which commenced at Rs 4,800 per quintal on Monday, dropped to Rs 4,500 on Wednesday. The farmers brought over 25,000 chilli bags into the market for trading. Ramaswamy of Atmakur mandal expressed his anguish at the sudden fall in the price. He alleged that the traders in cahoots with the market yard officials deliberately quoted less price though there was a good demand.The farmers divided into groups started damaging furniture in the office. They damaged nearly 40 weighing machines. When Warangal DSP Lavanya Naik and Intezargunj CI Satyanarayana rushed there, the furious farmers thought that they had come to arrest them and started hurling chillies on them.Shafi-ur-Rahman of Wardhannapet mandal said, \"We are spending Rs 30,000 on each acre. But the price offered by the traders is a pittance. Moneylenders are harassing us to clear their loans,\" he bemoaned.Radhamma, a woman farmer from Palakurti, urged the government to involve Markfed in the trading activity instead of the farmers depending on the traders. \"Last year, the same variety of red chilli commanded a price of Rs 13,000-15,000. But now, the traders are duping us by offering a far less price,\" she rued.The district revenue officials, headed by RDO Sangeetha, rushed to the market yard with additional police forces to control the situation. The farmers, however, complained that the officials in collusion with the traders offered to buy the chilli at fewer prices though the market rate was very high. Rythu Sangham leaders alleged that taking advantage of the sudden rains, the traders were trying to exploit farmers by offering even less than the MSP.After prolonged discussions among the representatives of farmers and officials, the traders agreed to buy the stocks at old rates of GT variety at Rs 5000, Teja Rs 5700, Wonder Hot Rs 5000 and DD at Rs 4200 per quintal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi/ghaziabad", "code": "12628758", "title": "Aarushi murder case: Nupur Talwar on the run, CBI hunts for her", "text": "NEW DELHI/GHAZIABAD: The Aarushi-Hemraj murder case took yet another dramatic turn on Wednesday as Nupur Talwar eluded the CBI, which had been ordered to arrest her by the special court. CBI teams raided her residence in Hauz Khas and some places in Noida but were unable to locate her.Nupur's disappearing act followed the issuing of a 'non-bailable warrant' against her by the special CBI court on Wednesday. \"She (Nupur Talwar) did not adhere to the Allahabad High Court order according to which she was supposed to be present in this court within 30 days,\" said the special court.The court asked CBI to arrest Nupur Talwar and produce her before it by April 18. However, the agency as unable to locate her.Earlier in the day, Nupur Talwar had filed an application in the court through her counsel citing her inability to appear. The application stated, \"The review petition, which was heard by Supreme Court, on March 26 and after hearing the parties Supreme Court passed the order and issued notice to parties returnable to April 27. It is therefore humbly prayed in these circumstances that applicant could not turn up in this court today (Wednesday) and therefore request to provide further date till the outcome of the order of the Supreme Court after the hearing on April 27.\"Countering her application, CBI requested the court to issue NBW against her on the grounds that \"she was willfully evading appearance in the court\". Allahabad High Court had last month ordered that if she appeared within 30 days then her bail application should be expeditiously disposed. CBI prosecutor R K Saini said, \"We had moved an application in Allahabad High Court to recall the order (of High Court) on the grounds that she obtained the order by concealing material facts from Hon'ble High Court\".The agency stated, \"It is necessary that non-bailable warrants of the accused Nupur Talwar be issued as she failed to appear before the court today. She is willfully evading her appearance.\"Nupur Talwar was made an accused on charges of murder and destruction of evidence by the special court on February 9, 2011 along with her husband, Rajesh Talwar, as circumstantial evidence and statements of witnesses went against them. The trial has not started since then as the couple has filed many petitions in the lower court, high court and Supreme Court seeking bail, exemption from presence in court and cancellation of proceedings against them.Rajesh Talwar appeared in the court on Wednesday. He has been issued a notice by HC on an application recently filed by CBI challenging the extension of his bail. The agency says that \"when he came out on bail on July 11, 2008, it was an interim bail not regular bail. He will have to apply for regular bail\". The couple and their counsels were not available for comments.On February 9, 2011, CBI Special Judge Preeti Singh declared the couple accused in the case under section 302 and 201 of IPC on the basis of circumstantial evidence pointed out by CBI in its case dairy and also on the basis of several witnesses, who had not directly seen the murders but helped in reconstructing the sequence of events. Some of the witnesses, who were listed as important, included some friends of the Talwars, servants and Noida police officers.The court had also made elaborate observations on several leads including V-shaped injury marks on the bodies of both Hemraj and Aarushi, presence of only family members inside the house, cleaning of Aarushi's private parts, the Talwars' reluctance to open the door of the terrace on May 16, 2008, bloodstains on the stairs and the doctor's opinion that only surgically trained person could have killed Hemraj and Aarushi. The judge had cited these points as the main grounds to charge the couple and ordered that the trial begin.One of the most important points on which the court had stressed is that \"there were only four persons in the house that night including Aarushi and Hemraj\". The court had ruled out the involvement of any outsider in the murder on the basis of statements of Sector 25 Jalvayu Vihar colony guards - Virender Singh, Sanjay Singh, Ram Kumar, Chandrabhushan, Devender Singh and Ram Vishal who had stated that they did not see anyone coming or going out of Talwar's house.The court had ruled out involvement of three servants - Rajkumar, Krishna and Vijay Mandal, who were made accused by previous CBI team, on the basis of statements of Anita Durrani, who said that Rajkumar was present in her house till 12.30 on that night. Puneet Rai Tandon said his servant Vijay Mandal was in his garage. K N Johri, landlord of Krishna, stated that Krishna was sleeping in his house with his family members.The 14-year-old Aarushi and Hemraj were found murdered at the Jalvayu Vihar residence of the Talwars on the night of May 15/16, 2008 since when the case has seen innumerable mysterious turns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630063", "title": "Cops turn a blind eye as flea market flourishes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Right under the nose of Charminar police station, the Sunday flea market located on the Gulzar Houz-Pathergatti stretch thrives hail and hearty selling a slew of second hand as well as allegedly stolen goods. And the shopkeepers insist that they do not face any trouble from the police whatsoever. Old-timers at the market point to a symbiotic' relation with the police. \"We also do them favours,\" says one of them. The 'favours' include not only giving them a cheap or often a free-of-cost deal but also helping the men in khaki sell unclaimed confiscated goods, some allege.The range of items available at the market is vast. One can get everything from screwdrivers, bicycle parts, mobile phones to old books in Urdu, English and even German. One can chance upon anything from designer goods at throwaway prices to scraps of twisted metal, used furniture, antique doors and wrought iron garden chairs. The price, needless to say, is cheap. While a Remington typewriter is sold here for Rs 600, a gramophone player would cost about Rs 1500. And then there are the five-minute-sellers who come to the market for a limited time and sell high-end mobile phones for a mere Rs 500 or Rs 1000. All this happens right across the road from a major police station. One can even spot an occasional buyer in the police uniform rummaging through the piles, picking up a stuff or two.Then there are the famous 'fake' antique shops. Some shopkeepers like Mohd Naheer confesses that most of what he sells are copies of antiques manufactured in Mumbai.But some, like Taj bhai, have been around for years and have attractive gramophones, telescopes and hour glasses for sale. He claims that he buys all his articles from people moving abroad. \"We come to know of such people through a third person, who gets a small commission for telling us. We clean and sell them,\" he says. On a closer look, one can actually spot an original 1917 manufactured Kelvin &amp; Hughes compass displayed right beside a couple of fake hourglasses from the same company. The fakes, needless to say, have that extra shine and the company's name written in a modern electronic font, quite different from the original one. His biggest customers happen to be the antique shop owners from posh localities like Banjara Hills, he claims.However, most of them say that business is not too good these days. \"We start selling from 6 am but try to wrap up early as the traffic increases during the day. Most of our customers are foreigners who come to visit Charminar or local people who come early in the morning to pick up household stuff. But some are regulars who keep in touch with us and we tell them in advance the items on sale,\" says Mohd Yousuf who sells rare gems and coins. Some shopkeepers also hint at a 12 noon deadline set by the local leaders. Others deny the existence of any such pressure.Notwithstanding the controversial source of items, the flea market is a shopaholic's paradise, especially if one has a knack for quibbling and the patience to rummage through the junk. The market has been around for 30 years now and is still going on strong and steady. No one is complaining about the quality or source of the goods as long as one can clinch a good deal. It's strictly business here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630535", "title": "State housing board turns realtor, junks core objective", "text": "HYDERABAD: Much like APIIC and HMDA that are currently in the firing line for alienating government land to private parties, the Andhra Pradesh Housing Board (APHB) too seems to have given away a chunk of prime properties for commercial gains. Records show that APHB, during the real estate boom of 2004-2007, auctioned more than 500 acres of government land across the state to private developers and pocketed a whopping Rs 750 crore (approx) from the deal. In the process, the housing board ignored its primary objective of developing affordable housing for the 'aam aadmi'.In Hyderabad, the board pocketed about Rs 600 crore by auctioning close to 300 acres of prime land spread across areas such as Kukatpally, Gachibowli and Bandlaguda. The real estate developers from both within and outside the state bid anywhere between Rs 50 lakh to Rs 14 crore per acre. \"This was at least 25 per cent more than the prevailing market rate.In some cases, it was 50 per cent higher,\" said an industry observer privy to the auctions. The land was bought by a dozen private developers including the likes of Manjeera Constructions, Delhi-based Parsvanath Developers, Indu Royal Homes Pvt Ltd, Ramky Infrastructure Ltd and DLF Commercial Developers Ltd.Roughly 200 acres, worth around Rs 113 crore, in Visakhapatnam, Warangal and Khammam districts and Nandyal too were auctioned by APHB during this period. The land cost apart, APHB also collected 3-5 per cent of the sale proceeds from each of the developers as these were joint ventures between the board and the bidders.\"After paying such high rates, we discovered that many of those properties were ridden with problems,\" said G Yoganand, managing director of Manjeera Constructions alleging that the two parcels of land his firm bought were originally 'conservation' land. \"It took us over two years to change its use to 'residential' as we could not have started work otherwise,\" he added. Litigation issues too followed the auctions with some bidders shelving their projects indefinitely, sources said. But while observers criticised APHB for such indiscriminate selling of government land to garner revenue, officials of the board believe they have done nothing wrong. Even as they agree that the board's core objective is far removed from conducting auctions, they maintain that these deals were inevitable.\"We were directed to mobilize resources for the government and we did just that,\" said Sanjay Kumar, vice-chairman, APHB. That none of these resources has not been used for any infrastructure development (another objective of the board) and instead diverted towards other 'ambitious' projects of the state, is another story.The high-priced auctions apart, the board has also gifted much of the government prime land to various parties. One such example is the one-acre plot next to Gandhi Bhavan on M J Road that was handed over to a political party for a meager Rs 500 per square yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12629816", "title": "Integrated Check Post to build trust, earn $8 billion for India, Pak", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The formal launch of the Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Attari on Friday, by Union minister P Chidambaram, will help increase the annual trade volume between India and Pakistan, raising it from 2.6 billion dollar at present to eight billion dollars in the next couple of years.Equipped with new infrastructure, the ICP will be able to give clearance to 600 trucks every day, instead of the 150-odd cleared earlier. Trade between the two countries via Dubai , Hong Kong and Singapore is already between five and seven billion dollars. Once the Most Favoured Nation (MFN) status is granted to India and transit routes to Iran, Afghanistan and Central Asia cleared, the trade volume could increase manifold and revenue generated would be a huge boost to the economies of the two neighbouring countries. There are conjectures that Pakistan's economy may just survive on transit tax. However, the ICP will handle only 137 items opened up for trade across land route.These issues appear to have figured in talks between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on April 8. Islamabad has committed to do away with the negative list of 1,209 items by this yearend and move to a regime that is in line with WTO rules.\"It's a very welcome step towards reduction of barriers in bilateral trade,\" states a study, The Potential of Indo-Pak Economic Engagement in Post-MFN Scenario, by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham). \"The decision to move towards a negative list approach will go a long way in saving time and costs incurred by third country trade route,\" said Assocham president Rajkumar Dhoot while releasing the study. Nearly 6,000 items can now be routed to Pakistan from India, as against less than 2,000 items done earlier.Pakistan has conveyed its willingness to give India transit facilities for trade with Afghanistan and Iran - especially in energy and infrastructure projects. Petroleum products, iron and steel, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, automobiles, heavy industries, electricity trade, small and medium enterprises, IT and IT-enabled services, telecommunications, transportation and financial services can be immediately exported to Pakistan from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631649", "title": "Rajasthani folklore set to wow Tricity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rajasthani folklore is all set to wow people of the Tricity as singer-actor-writer Ila Arun is bringing to the city a theatre production called \"Mareechika\".The play is based on Henrik Ibsen's story \"Lady from the sea\" but has been adapted by Ila and reworked and rewritten with a Rajasthani theme. Be it songs or dance or the way the story is narrated it will all be Rajasthani folklore.The play is a story of a woman with many shades and how after living on what others decided for many years she finally takes a decision of her own. It has been directed by Ila and K K Raina.Talking about the play Ila said, \"There are different compositions and different art forms used. For the narration we have adopted Rajasthan's phad narrative tradition. In this form, the story tellers use painted scrolls for their narration.\"The local dialect of Rajasthan has been used by the actors. \"We did suggest changing of the language but the actors said that if we could understand then anyone can. Also it will help in keeping the Rajasthani atmosphere alive during the play,\" said Ila.Talking about the Indian relevance to Ibsen's story co director Raina said, \"In the story Ibsen talks about voice of women, their freedom. Even today in India men take decisions for nearly 80% of the women therefore this story definitely relates to India.While talking about theatre's growth in Chandigarh, Ila as well as Raina expressed disappointment over how city people have not yet learnt to pay for watching theatre.The cast of the play includes Ila, Ravi Jhankal, Ashok Banthia, Ishitta Arun, Vinay Jain, Karanveer Bohra, Tejinder Sidhu, Sherilyn, Raina and Pitobash. Music will be given live by Ila Arun, visual effects and lighting will be by Salim Akhtar and the set has been designed by Vijay Kashyap. The play will also witness folk artists singing and performing on the stage.The play will be staged at Tagore Theatre on April 12 at 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630188", "title": "Food and drug administration begins destroying Red Bull cans", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after Red Bull energy drink cans worth Rs 7.45 crore were seized, the Maharashtra food and drug administration (FDA) on Wednesday discreetly launched the biggest-ever exercise to destroy 3.73 lakh cans of the same brand, worth Rs 2.98 crore, seized in 2009.\"On October 15, 2009, we seized 3.73 lakh Red Bull cans after it was confirmed that the drink contained more than the permitted amount of caffeine. After a prolonged battle, we got an order in our favour. We have informed the firm and began destroying the cans. We expect to complete the exercise in three days,\" a senior FDA official told TOI on Wednesday.On the day when the cans were seized, 11 samples were sent to FDA's Pune laboratory to ascertain the quantity of caffeine, said the official. \"We found that the drink contained well over 250 to 300 ppm caffeine against the permissible level of 145 ppm. Then we seized Red Bull's entire stock of 3.73 lakh cans from different parts of the state,\" he added.According to provisions of the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, the FDA had informed the company that since there was blatant violation of rules, it will destroy the entire seized stock. Against the FDA order, the firm had approached a Bhiwandi court, which had prohibited FDA from proceeding with its proposed action. Subsequently, the FDA moved the Thane sessions court against the Bhiwandi court order. The Thane sessions court on February 2, 2012, upheld the FDA's decision and accordingly, the process of destroying the cans was initiated on Wednesday. \"It's a lengthy procedure. The cans will be destroyed mechanically, while the carbonated drink will be treated in an effluent treatment plant. The entire exercise will be undertaken under the supervision of FDA officials,\" he said.Red Bull has said that since the product is sold in 164 countries, the organization is fully complying with the prescribed regulations in each country. \"A 250 ml can of Red Bull contains the same amount of caffeine as a cup of coffee. On several occasions, Indian authorities have confirmed that the drink is in keeping with Indian laws and regulations and the company was surprised over the Maharashtra FDA's approach,\" a company official observed.Meanwhile, Red Bull said the stock destruction, at present underway at a private facility under the FDA supervision, has nothing to do with the current legal proceedings. It is being voluntarily carried out by Red Bull India as the stock in question has expired. The reason behind the destruction is hygiene and is being done with the knowledge of the courts and with no prejudice to any legal matter. We have specific orders to this effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12630078", "title": "\u2018File report in bomb suit scam\u2019", "text": "A sessions court on Wednesday directed the EOW to submit a progress report in the multi-crore bomb disposal suit scam involving supplier Bimal Agarwal and two directors of Techno Trade Impex India. The court asked for the report by April 17 after Agarwal and another director, Barkha Agarwal, applied for anticipatory bail. Agarwal alleged he was implicated by some senior IPS officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630714", "title": "District panchayat to fight malnourishment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad district panchayat will launch a nutrition mission to help severely malnourished children recover their health with the help of special nutrition. The panchayat officials had launched a pilot project where 614 severely malnourished children were given special nutrition for a fortnight after which 391 children showed a significant improvement in their weight.\"The results in three talukas of Bavla, Barwala and Detroj have encouraged us to undertake similar nutrition missions in all the talukas of Ahmedabad district,\" said district development officer Banchhanidhi Pani. The DDO said that 27,049 children in the 0-6 age group were surveyed in the three talukas of which 1,088 were found to be suffering from severe malnourishment. Of these, 614 children were given 15 days' food care programme where they were offered a special nutritious diet five times a day under the observation of the anganwadi workers.The improvement in weight shown after a fortnight of good food has encouraged authorities to cover more children across the district under this mission. Nearly 45% children in the 0-6 age group were found to be malnourished in Ahmedabad district in National Family Health Survey 2005-06. This percentage has dropped to 35. Efforts are now on to link the malnourishment issue with the e-mamta programme where height and weight of the child will be fed into the computers through a special weighing machine to help authorities keep a track of the healthy development of a child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12630105", "title": "Poke trees, but use a condom: Greens slam 'safe-sex' advertisement blitz", "text": "PANAJI: An advertisement promoting safe sex and protection from HIV/ AIDS has irked environmental activists as the message advising the public to use condoms has been nailed to trees. The union of wildlife activists has informed the forest department about the aluminum boards nailed to the trees. \"The panels have been fixed along a 10 km route from Banastarim to Panaji,\" said activist Saish Khandeparkar.\"The forest department had raised an acacia plantation near the Banastarim bridge over a decade ago. Several boards have been fixed there too,\" another activist said.Sources said that the advertisements have been nailed by an NGO, Population Health Services of India, which gets National AIDS Control Organization ( NACO) funding and that neither the forest department nor the Goa state AIDS control society (GSACS) was informed about the same. \"No permission has been taken from the forest department and we can't give permission for such things,\" said chief conservator of forests Sashi Kumar.GSACS director Deepak Kabadi, too, said the GSACS is not involved in the matter. \"We were not even aware of this until now,\" he said.When contacted, social marketing head of Population health services of India Rajesh Panjrekar said, \"I had asked a labourer to fix advertisements promoting safe sex near the shops. But I understand that he has nailed them to the trees. Our intention was not to hurt or upset anyone. We only wanted to create awareness. We will get it removed Thursday morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629352", "title": "CBI begins probe into bribe row", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could change the whole investigation in the Tatra trucks case, Army chief Gen V K Singh has categorically told the CBI in his complaint that \"there was no urgency of procuring Tatra trucks in the Army\".Gen Singh's comments on the Tatra deals have come at a time when the entire procurement of over 7,000 of these heavy-duty vehicles by the ministry of defence has come under the scanner. However, the agency is largely examining the procurement of Tatra trucks from 1997 onwards.In his 22-page complaint given on Tuesday, Gen Singh has stated, \"I am the witness and I am the complainant\" of the Rs 14 crore bribe allegedly offered to him by retired Defence Intelligence Agency chief Lt Gen Tejinder Singh to clear another tranche of the \"sub-standard\" Tatra trucks in September, 2010.The CBI on Wednesday registered a preliminary enquiry (PE) in the bribery offer and started formal investigations, and will record Gen Singh's formal statement soon. Sources claimed Gen Singh has provided several photocopies of communications between the defence ministry and the manufacturer of Tatra trucks. These documents will be \"very helpful'' in establishing the role played by different officials in the deals, they added.Gen Singh has maintained that the Army under his successive predecessors continued purchasing Tatra trucks even when they were not needed and had been found to be \"sub-standard\".The PE was registered after Attorney General G E Vahanvati told the CBI to move forward in the case based on its assessment of whether the Army chief's complaint warrants an investigation. The CBI might convert the PE into an FIR if it finds prima facie evidence of any alleged wrong-doing.Tejinder Singh has filed a defamation case against the Army chief and other officers, terming the bribery allegations as \"false\" and \"concocted\".On the allegations of Tatra Sipox not being the original maker of Tatra trucks, and consequently violating procurement rules, Vectra group on Wednesday, said, \"This is not true. There are a complex set of circumstances starting from the bifurcation of Czechoslovakia. Tatra trucks are actually made in 2 plants, the first where cabins and engines are manufactured in modern day Czech Republic and the second, where axels and chassis are manufactured, in modern day Slovakia. In 1994, Tatra Sipox (UK) was formed by owners of Slovak factory Tatra Sipox a.s and appointed as authorized vendors by Tatra a.s. and Tatra Sipox a.s.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "weight ganj", "code": "12630883", "title": "Basils organize party to celebrate their double delight", "text": "WEIGHT GANJ: Basil family of Weight Ganj threw a party on Wednesday night to celebrate their double delight - birth of their two granddaughters.Jatinder Kumar, 60, said it was a special party that he and his wife Veena, 48, organized for their 11-day-old granddaughter Hunar - born to their son Uchit, 25, and his wife Palak - and six-day-old Shiksha - born to their son Rachit, 24, and his wife Chetna.Jatinder said, ''Daughters are special and we are delighted to have two granddaughters. We feel lucky to have two Lakshmis in our family.''An excited Veena invited all her friends to join in the jubilation. They would also hold celebrations according to their family traditions on the 11th day of their birth. ''We have decided to celebrate their birthdays on Wednesday,'' she added.Uchit, Palak, Rachit and Chetna enjoyed the party with their little treasures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12630439", "title": "India to scout ASEAN services sectors", "text": "KOCHI: India is trying to gain access to the services sector in Japan, Korea, Singapore and Malaysia for Indian professionals, said Asit Tripathy, joint secretary with the union department of commerce. He was talking to reporters during an outreach session on Free Trade Agreements (FTA), organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in Kochi on Wednesday.\"We haven't actively engaged with these countries and are looking at gaining access to service sectors like IT, healthcare, tourism, and legal services. India is looking for convergence and compatibility in these sectors -We need these countries to recognize our university degrees. At the same time, we are looking at imports of raw materials and consumer products from these countries, especially investments from Japan,\" Tripathy said. Mineral fuels, mineral oils, ships and boats topped the list of Indian exports to ASEAN (Association of South East Asian Nations) nations, said Avinash P Joshi, director, the department of commerce. \"Singapore accounts for 30% of India's trade with ASEAN countries while Indonesia contributes 28%, Malaysia 18% and Thailand 12%,\" he added. The Comprehensive Economic Cooperation Agreement signed between ASEAN countries has been a major factor in driving investments which have reached $24 billion. Singapore is now the second largest contributor of FDI to India.Suchismata Palai, director with the department of commerce, said some major gains that have resulted from the FTA include an agreement to start and conclude negotiations for a Social Security Agreement (SSA) in three years as well as openings for Indian nurses and caregivers.Sonia Pant, deputy secretary, the department of commerce, Pranav Kumar, director and head of international policy and trade with CII, A V George, chairman of CII's zonal council and T S Vishwanath, member of the International Policy Council of CII, also participated in the deliberations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12629146", "title": "Northeast panic after Indian Ocean earthquake", "text": "GUWAHATI: The wave of after-shocks triggered by an earthquake measuring 8.7 magnitude on Richter scale off the Sumatra cost was felt across the northeast on Wednesday as the shockwaves travelled more than 1,000 miles from the epicenter. People in the northeast, which is also located in the most seismically active zone, felt a several tremors in succession.However, despite the panic, there were no reports of damage to life and property. \"I was having my lunch in office. Suddenly I felt a mild shake. The moment I thought it was over, I felt two more. Then I rushed out of my office building. I was a bit tense because nothing is scarier for me than an earthquake,\" said Jayanta, an office executive here.Some did not feel the tremors, but saw ripples in water. \"All of a sudden I saw the water in our bucket starting to shake, but I did not experience anything. Only when I saw the news did I find out about the earthquake,\" Prashanta, a resident of Rupnagar, said.Experts said that the aftershocks of high-intensity earthquake travel a long distance. In 1950, aftershocks from an an 8.7 earthquake in Assam caused oscillations in water in England and Norway . Seismologist Anders Kvale called this phenomenon 'seiche' in 1955. Seiche causes powerful and sometime devastating wall of water waves generated due to oscillation in lakes or waterbodies during earthquakes.Located in seismic Zone V, northeast is prone to high-intensity earthquakes. The seismic activity in the region is high because of the movement of India plate towards the northeast by about five cm per year, while the Eurasian plate is moving north at about two cm per year. This is leading the Eurasian Plate to deform, and the India plate to compress.In the last 100 years, the northeastern region has experienced 210 tremors between five and 5.9 magnitude, 128 tremors between six and 6.9 magnitude, 15 between seven and 7.9 and four tremors of eight or more. Mushrooming concrete structures especially in Guwahati, the economic hub of northeast, has further enhanced the risk. On Monday, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi even said that there were many challenges to deal with in case powerful earthquake hit the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "12629699", "title": "Man dies in air cylinder explosion", "text": "NADIA: A man was killed after an air-filling machine exploded at a Shaktinagar shop in Nadia on Wednesday. The body was sent for autopsy.The incident took place at 10am, when Subrata Ghosh, 35, was making ready the air-filling cylinder. Ghosh runs a repair shop and it is a part of his everyday job. There may have been some technical problem with the machine due to which the air tank exploded, suspect locals.His face and parts of the body were burnt. He was rushed to Shaktinagar hospital where he later succumbed to injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "12629680", "title": "Mamata to visit Durgapur tomorrow", "text": "DURGAPUR: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will be here on Friday to inaugurate a private medical college hospital-cum-health city and an urban haat - Durgapur Haat. Earlier in the day, she will go to Borjora in Bankura to inaugurate a private sector coal mine project.All these projects had been cleared by the Left Front government. While former power minister Mrinal Banerjee laid the foundation stone of the health city project in 2006, cottage and small scale industry minister Manab Mukherjee did the same for the urban haat project.Observers feel this one-day tour of the chief minister holds significance before the forthcoming Durgapur Municipal Corporation polls that is only a month away. The biggest problem of Trinamool Congress in Durgapur is that it does not have big names to project for probable mayor's post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629633", "title": "HC forms panel for earlycompletion of JPNAIIMS", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday constituted a three-member core committee which would report directly to CM Nitish Kumar and the Union health ministry about problems coming in the way of timely completion of the upcoming Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS) at Phulwarisharif, Patna.The order was passed by a division bench, comprising Justice Prakash Chandra Verma and Justice Aditya Kumar Trivedi, on a PIL filed by the Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare seeking court's intervention for speedy construction of the hospital.The court also said the JPNAIIMS would be governed by the AIIMS Act till the Union government made a separate law for the upcoming hospital.Petitioner's lawyer M P Gupta said that the committee comprises the director, health services, government of India, the director, JPNAIIMS, Patna, and the joint secretary, health department, Bihar. The committee would also check the quality of materials being used in the construction work, he said.Gupta said that the committee would also look after works related to widening of roads, removal of encroachment, construction of flyover and other civic amenities required for the patients. It would inspect the upcoming JPNAIIMS every 15 days to prevent any irregularity, he said and added the CM and the Union government would take suitable action on the basis of the committee's report.This committee would be in addition to the earlier three-member committee formed by the HC which would report to the HC about the progress and inspection carried out by it every month. Comprising Gupta, AAG-2 Lalit Kishore and the Union government's counsel, this committee, after its recent visit to the site, informed the court on Wednesday that the materials being used in the construction were sub-standard. The court directed the core committee to look into the matter and bring it to the notice of the chief minister.The HC had on April 4 expressed its strong displeasure over the inordinate delay in construction of the JPNAIIMS and had asked the state chief secretary to comply by Wednesday (April 11) with the court's order for providing accommodation to the director, JPNAIIMS, Patna.Talking to TOI, Kishore, who represented the state, said, \"A recall petition has been filed in the high court on behalf of the chief secretary with regard to court's April 4 order.\" The Union government was represented by Vinay Kumar Pandey.The JPNAIIMS, Patna, is under construction for over eight years. Its foundation was laid by the then vice-president, Bhairon Singh Shekhawat, on January 3, 2004. The project was planned to be completed within three years. The PIL seeking speedy construction of the hospital was filed in 2005. The HC had in 2011 directed the Centre to make the JPNAIIMS functional by October 2, 2012, or face contempt of court proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12634717", "title": "Close shave for Australian defence minister as Taliban fire rockets at his plane", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australian defence minister Stephen Smith had a close shave when Taliban insurgents fired rockets at his military plane at the tarmac at Kandahar Airport.Smith and senior officers of the Australian defence forces were preparing to leave the Kandahar Airport after an unannounced trip to visit troops in Afghanistan on Wednesday when the airfield's radar defence system detected incoming rockets, Australian news agency AAP reported.Australian officials said the rockets reportedly fell elsewhere on the base.\"The C-130 Hercules was immediately placed in full lockdown with all the VVIP occupants ordered to don helmets and assume crouching positions on the floor of the plane,\" the agency said.Confirming the dramatic scare, Smith told Sky News \"I wouldn't describe as a close call.\"The minister said the incident had occurred as his plane waited on the airport in the Southern Afghan city that is plagued by violent attacks by Taliban.This is a second major attempt by Taliban to target top Western alliance leaders whose forces are deployed in Afghanistan.Nearly two years ago British Prime Minister David Cameron had come close to being assassinated in Southern Afghanistan when authorities intercepted communications of plans by Taliban to shoot down his Chinook helicopter by firing shoulder launched missiles.Smith said that the rockets did not appear to be \"aimed at us\".\"It did not come near us. It's a known risk..... we were briefed in advance of such threats in Kandahar,\" he said.The Australian defence minister said his aircraft and a number of others on the tarmac took \"standard precautions\" and the takeoff was delayed for half-an-hour, until they got the all-clear.Smith was in Afghanistan to address and meet Australian troops based in Tarin Kot near Kandahar and to hold talks with Afghan leaders and ISAF commanders about Australia's plans to withdraw combat troops from the war-torn country by next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12631064", "title": "FJCCI blames tax dept for harassment", "text": "Ranchi: The Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJon Wednesday alleged that some officials of the state commercial taxes department were harassing its members in the name of audit and assessment of the Value Added Tax (VAT).FJCCI president Sajjan Sharaf said, \"The notification issued by the state department in July 2011 said the VAT audit would be conducted only for those business houses which register a turnover of more than Rs 10 crore per annum. Instead of following the notification, the officials are visiting establishments with a transaction of less than 1 crore and unnecessarily harassing them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12630308", "title": "Bail for MP in kidnap case", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday granted anticipatory bail to DMK MP Rithesh Kumar in a kidnap case. Silaiman police station registered a case against the MP in connection with the kidnapping of VK Kathiravan, Bogalur DMK union secretary. One of the kidnappers had told Kathiravan that if he wanted to be released, the MP should speak to them over phone. Kathiravan called the personal assistant of Rithesh. Rithesh also allegedly spoke to the kidnappers and asked them to release him. The kidnappers, after taking his gold chain, ring and Rs 2 lakh, left Kathiravan and went away. In the case, the police arrested Varichiyur Selvam and his two associates Ajith and Vargeheese from Kerala at a Dindigul lodge on March 12.On March 15, 2011, apprehending arrest by the police, Rithesh filed a petition in the Madurai bench seeking to enlarge him on bail in the event of arrest in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12633875", "title": "A romantic song in Shanghai", "text": "The efforts being taken to market Dibakar Banerjee's upcoming film Shanghai has been leaving a lot of people involved in the project rather unhappy.Earlier, Abhay Deol , one of the male leads in the film was miffed with the negative stories about his rivalry with co-star Emraan Hashmi, being generated to publicise the venture. And now, the director himself has been left with no choice but to sit back and watch as a Sufi number is forcefully added in the already completed movie by the music label T-Series head Bhushan Kumar.According to the music house, Emraan and Arabic Sufi songs are a formula for success. And thus, they have now notified director Dibakar about the inclusion of a romantic number in the soundtrack of the film. In fact, they have asked him to add a touch of romance to the rough, street-bred character of Emraan in the film. The song will now be shot next month.When contacted, Dibakar told Mirror, \"Yes, they are insisting on the inclusion of a song. But I won't call it Sufi. It's a romantic Sufiyana number for Emraan. They want to use the song to promote the film. They said that with the image of Emraan, this is the sort of music they wanted.\"When asked about his feelings about the song inclusion, Dibakar chose to be rather calibrated in his reply.\"The music company has a huge stake in our film. I agree to the concept. Sometimes, you have to go with it. Initially, I wasn't happy with it. I thought we already had a chartbuster of the year in Bharat Mata Ki Jai. So, when they said that they wanted yet another hit number, I was taken aback. After the reaction to the first song, they wanted to take the album a notch higher. I am okay with the decision now.\"About the shooting schedule, the director said, \"We haven't decided on the concept yet. It all depends on availability of Emraan's dates. He is extremely busy right now. Whatever we do, we will make sure that Emraan looks best. Vishal Shekhar has composed the song.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12631086", "title": "Private, govt-aided schools asked to abide by RTE directive", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The education department here is determined to achieve 100% target of free enrolment of ST, SC, minority and BPL category children in private and government-aided minority schools under the Right to Education ( RTE) Act provisions in the new academic session.In a meeting convened by the district superintendent of education (DSE), Farhana Khatoon, on Wednesday at the Sadar block resource centre, instructions were given out to such schools on proper implementation of the provisions of the Right to Education (RTE) Act.In comparison to the last meeting, the DSE expressed satisfaction over the presence of school representatives. As many as 51 schools participated in this meeting, whereas in the last meeting only 13 schools had participated. The DSE had then issued a show cause notice to all absentee principals of schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630572", "title": "Interim stay on Veerappan film till April 17", "text": "CHENNAI: The release of a feature film on slain forest brigand Veerappan has been stayed. The XVII assistant city civil court judge Ganesa Moorthy stayed the release of the film 'Vana Yuddham' till April 17.The order was passed on a civil suit filed by editor of the bi-weekly magazine Nakkheeran R R Gopal. In his application, Gopal said he had been appointed to act as an emissary by the Tamil Nadu and Karnataka governments to meet and persuade Veerappan to release hostages he had kidnapped. Due to his efforts, they were released.In July 2000, the state governments had once again given the petitioner authorisation to rescue Kannada actor Rajkumar after he was abducted by Veerappan. Gopal said he did not want to claim copyright for the film, but apprehended that his character should not be spoilt by the film.The judge directed the filmmakers to show Gopal the entire movie and get his consent about his character in the film before its release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630100", "title": "Emaar scam: CBI furious over delay in sanction to try babus", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is reportedly unhappy over the inordinately long time being taken by the state government which is yet to grant permission for prosecution of two IAS officers in the Emaar scam.At a recent meeting with Ajay Misra, the principal secretary to the General Administration Department (GAD), CBI officials complained that despite permission from the state government having been sought over a month back no response was forthcoming.On their part, the GAD officials maintained that they needed to study the case and examine the explanations provided by the officers in question before recommending prosecution.Sanction is awaited for prosecution of three IAS officers - LV Subrahmanyam and BP Acharya in the Emaar scam, and Y Srilakshmi in the OMC illegal mining case. The final clearance has to be accorded by the Central department of personnel and training but it insists that it cannot proceed on the matter unless the state government first gives its clearance.Meanwhile, BP Acharya and LV Subrahmanyam have submitted written explanations to GAD in the Emaar case. Both officers have stated that they were only following government orders, cabinet decisions and the industrial policy in place while taking the decisions which have landed them in trouble.The duo referred to the industrial policy being followed in 2004-05 as the reason why concessions were made in favour of the Emaar project. \"Both officers submitted detailed personal explanations on their role in the Emaar case. We are now examining the documents provided by CBI to better analyse the officers' submissions,\" said GAD sources.Sources in GAD were of the opinion that IAS officers carry constitutional immunity against politically motivated vendetta and, therefore, it was absolutely necessary to examine the merits of any such case in which they have been implicated.Joint director VV Laxminarayana of the CBI has reportedly written to CBI director AP Singh informing him of the delay caused by the state government's GAD in granting permission for prosecution of the said officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12629661", "title": "Woman injured trying to save kin", "text": "MALDA: A woman almost lost her ear while trying to save her brother-in-law from the clutches of goons at Jaluabathan in Kaliachak on Wednesday. The seriously injured woman is now under treatment in hospital.Pintu Sheikh, the woman's brother-in-law, had lent Rs 30,000 to his neighbour Jamal Sheikh who allegedly gambled it away. Coming to know of that, Pintu started pestering Jamal for the money. After a few days, Jamal finally asked Pintu to meet him on Wednesday.When Pintu came to the mango orchard where the meeting had been scheduled, a gang of goons allegedly led by Jamal pounced on him. He was beaten up severely. At this point, his sister-in-law Siuti Biwi jumped into the melee to save Pintu. But the gang did not spare her. One of them hit her with a sickle, almost severing her ear. As she fell down on the ground, the goons fled. tnnSiuti was taken to Malda District Hospital where she was given 22 stitches to save the ear. Her husband Sintu Sheikh said a complaint has been lodged at Kaliachak police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12630971", "title": "One more drug test victim complains against doctor", "text": "INDORE: After the interference of ethics committee that helped one of the 22 victims of drug test get compensation, yet another drug trial victim associated with Clinical Trial Victims Association, a body formed by the affected, has lodged a complaint against a doctor on Wednesday and approached the chairman of the city-based ethics committee, Diabetes Hormone Research Institute, seeking help to get compensation as he developed side-effect after the drug test on him.Dhananjay Shrivastav, one of the victims of clinical trial, has also lodged complaint with Drug Controller General of India, Medical Council of India and chairman of National Human Rights Commission accusing Dr Salil Bhargava of not providing him with the copy of informed consent form, patient information sheet and copy of clinical trial liability insurance. He alleged that investigators bypassed the institutional ethics committee of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College ( MGMC) and no information was given to the relatives about the serious consequences.Shrivastav in his complaint has mentioned that doctors, who made him sign various forms, did not inform him what the formalities were all about. He said, \"I was not provided with the copy of informed consent form, patient information sheet and insurance policy. However, every time I visited them, a compensation of Rs 200 was given. Sometimes, I was made to sign on blank vouchers also.\"The complaint claimed that in 2009 he had slipped into unconsciousness and later developed cataract reportedly as one of the side effects of a drug, Quintile. He had informed doctors about side effects after which he was admitted to the ICU of a private hospitals.\"I was never informed by doctors that this was a result of side effect of investigational medicines. I paid all the hospital expenses on my own. After this incidence, trial was stopped on me. I came to know about the drug test after media reports,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631677", "title": "Supreme Court against e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union led by Sharad Rao has filed a petition in the Supreme Court against the recent notification on compulsory electronic meters in three-wheelers.Rao wanted the notification on e-meters to be scrapped, alleging that proper procedures were not followed by the transport department.RTO sources said more than 300 new autos and over 100 existing ones have been fitted with the new meters. \"We are getting a good response from (the drivers of) new autos in the suburbs. The rush is going to increase in the coming weeks. And commuters are thrilled,\" said assistant RTO (Wadala) Tanaji Chavan.However, Rao said: \"We have a lot of doubts on the functioning of the electronic gadgets and want the government-appointed technical committee to take us into confidence before introducing such new devices. This was not done before issuing the government notification in February. So, we challenged it in the Bombay high court and have now moved the SC.\"Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande said: \"We have full faith in the judiciary. We will follow a 'wait and watch' policy till the verdict is out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12630996", "title": "People evacuated from coastal areas", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A high alert was sounded in six coastal districts of Odisha after a tsunami warning was issued in the wake of a massive earthquake in Indonesia on Wednesday.Officials in Puri, Balasore, Bhadrak, Ganjam, Kendrapada and Jagatsinghpur districts immediately got into the act of evacuating people from vulnerable areas, including fishermen near the beaches, as part of a precautionary measure.The Puri beach wore a deserted look within hours after emergency officials fanned across the seven-km crowded beach asking tourists to vacate the area. \"Our personnel requested tourists to leave the beach on the public address system. Fishermen were advised to move to elevated grounds and cautioned against venturing into the sea,\" SP (Puri) Anup Kumar Sahoo said.The SP denied any damage in the town following a mild tremor felt after the Indonesia quake. Seaside hoteliers said they felt mild tremor in afternoon, but ruled out cracks on buildings. \"The tourists were frightened. Some of our guests had gone to the beach. I immediately brought them back to hotel,\" said Srimanta Dash of Hotel Santana.Some priests at the Jagannath temple claimed to have felt the jolt and informed the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), custodian of the 12th century shrine. \"It was not known immediately whether the quake caused any crack or damage to the temple,\" deputy superintending archeologist H A Nayak said.On February 6, police had carried out an efficacy test of a tsunami-warning device by placing it near the Jagannath temple and the beach to test the range of its sound. \"The device was sent by the police headquarters for testing. Its noise was audible till one kilometer. But it has not been procured yet,\" the SP said. This was the first time that police had made such an attempt to strengthen the public address system in case of tsunami or other calamities.Meanwhile, officials at the regional meteorological centre, Bhubaneswar, predicted that the sea would behave roughly in Odisha. Waves measuring between 1 meter and 1.5 meter might crash along the shores in Puri, Astarang, Paradip and Gopalpur, sources said.Kendrapada district collector P K Patanaik said, \"All seaside panchayat offices and block development officers in Mahakalapada and Rajnagar areas were directed to alert coastal villages about a possible tsunami.\" The Odisha State Disaster Mitigation, UNDP and the district administrations had selected 34 villages in Kendrapada and 42 villages in Jagasinghpur district as \"tsunami prone\".Port officials in Paradip have also warned fishermen against not to venture into the sea. The authorities have also urged seaside villages to stay in cyclone shelters on Wednesday night. In Bhadrak, the district administration kept around 45 villages in Basudevpur and Chandipur blocks on high alert, a district official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630116", "title": "Authorities clueless about source of litter", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost a week after Byculla residents complained about biomedical waste lying outside Masina Hospital, the civic body and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) are unable to find the culprit.Last week, a social activist complained to hospital authorities and civic officials about the waste lying outside the hospital. After the incident was reported, a BMC truck allegedly picked up the waste and dumped it in another alley near the hospital, allege residents.On Monday, MPCB sent a notice to Masina Hospital over the garbage dumping. \"We will wait for the hospital's answer and then decide the next course of action. Authorities may be fined or prosecuted depending on the magnitude of the problem,\" said MPCB officer A S Nandavte. However, the civic body has given the hospital a clean chit. \"We found that the hospital has a provision for disposal of biomedical waste,\" said additional municipal commissioner N N Adtani.Dr Rohinton Dastoor, medical director of Masina Hospital, said the waste is segregated and collected everyday. \"The biomedical trash is collected by a private agency and other waste is taken away by the BMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12631923", "title": "Single screen halls perform better in terms of revenue generation", "text": "VARANASI: Despite all odds, the single screen cinema halls are not performing too badly in comparison to multiplexes in terms of revenue generation for the government exchequer.\"By going through the records of revenue collection of the entertainment tax (ET) department, it can be seen that the multiplexes have generated revenue of Rs 5.39 crore in 2011-12 financial year. In comparison, the collection from single screen cinema halls was Rs 4.06 crore,\" disclosed assistant commissioner (entertainment tax) CP Tripathi. This minor difference in the revenue collection from the cinema halls and multiplexes was noticed in a financial year when three cinema halls were closed while one multiplex with two screens came into existence.It is worth mentioning here that a district that used to house 38 cinema halls about two decades back, has been facing closure of single screen cinema halls for the past few years due to reducing audience. With the end of 2011-2012 financial year, only six cinema halls have been left while the number of screens at multiplexes have risen to 11. The difference in the revenue collected by the single screen cinema halls and multiplexes was also not much in 2010-11 financial years when nine cinema halls had given a collection of Rs 3.54 crore while the malls had generated Rs 4.80 crore as revenue. In that financial year, the number of cinema halls was nine while equal number of screens existed in four multiplexes.ET inspector SK Singh said the business of cinema halls, multiplexes as well as revenue collection for the department depended on the fate of films released every year. In comparison to 2010-11, the number of superhit Bollywood movies that pulled huge audience was high in recently concluded 2011-12 financial year. Singh said in 2011-12, the release of 'Bodyguard' helped in generating revenue of Rs 91.45 lakh in the district while the other hit films like 'Ready', 'Singham', 'Dirty Picture', 'Murder-2' and 'Rockstar' helped in pulling audience towards multiplexes and cinema halls. He said some Bhojpuri films also performed well on box office and one of super hit Bhojpuri film helped in collection of Rs 31.76 lakh alone.Apart from cinema the major source of revenue collection for the ET department is direct to home (DTH) service and cable network. In comparison to cinema the collection of revenue from DTH was surely low, but the increasing DTH connections are hinting clearly that this will emerge as the major source of revenue collection for the department in coming days. The department has improved revenue collection from DTH from Rs 1.01 crore (2010-11) to Rs 1.92 crore in 2011-12. The cable networks also gave a contribution of Rs 1.23 crore in the total revenue collection of department, which was recorded as Rs 12,76,66,000 in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634501", "title": "Split in Producers\u2019 Council", "text": "Though the FEFSI issue has come to an end with the strike withdrawn, some members in Producers' Council are not too happy. Certain members of the Producers' Council have resigned from their posts as the chairman, SA Chandrasekar, did not consult with the council members on the decisions to be taken.The FEFSI had been on strike for the past couple of months as the salary revision was not satisfactory. On the intervention of the State government, several meetings were held at the Labor Commission office in Chennai but there was no reasonable solution. Later, a meeting was convened by Labor Welfare Minister Chella Pandian and it is said that SA Chandrasekar had acted in his individual capacity during this meeting without consulting the other members of the Producers' Council.Eventually, the FEFSI withdrew the strike and shootings resumed. But some members at the Producers' Council including Deputy Chairmen TG Thyagarajan and T Siva, and Secretary K Muralidharan resigned from their posts. An Attack Committee has been formed and producer Ibrahim Rawther has been selected as its Chairman.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12629993", "title": "Cops at beck and call of Tara", "text": "HYDERABAD: Starlet Tara Chowdary was arrested by police under Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act, but till a few days ago the men in khaki themselves used to provide bandobust when she went to meet her VIP clients.Police sources told TOI that Tara even wielded her clout in Tirumala, where officials ensured her VIP darshan.\"During the investigation, we came to know that local police used to provide bandobust and be at her beck and call whenever she was hired by her VIP clients,'' the sources said.Police said Tara Chowdary enjoys the support of a former chief minister's wife, who used to bail her out whenever she landed in trouble.Ever since Tara got embroiled in controversies, she had become the toast of VIPs. She was a frequent visitor to Guntur, where a senior politician from the district is said to be one of her clients. Of the several CDs recovered by the Banjara Hills police, one of them contained recordings of a lewd conversation with this politician.Though she was not known for her acting skills, Tara is said to be very smart in luring people by her sweet talk.\"After going through some of the seized CDs, which are either sleazy videos or audio conversations which she had with her clients, police learnt that these recordings were done using spy cameras. Using these CDs, she used to blackmail them. For this purpose, for the past several months she stopped visiting her clients and instead used to invite them to her place,'' the sources added.Besides recovering the CDs, police also recovered promissory notes, indicating that Tara used to lend money on interest. She used to lend money both to her clients and outsiders.\"During the searches, 90 CDs were recovered and they have to be examined. After going through the promissory notes, it was found that Tara had already lent a few lakhs of rupees as loans. She also take a house on rent in Bangalore,\" Banjara Hills inspector M Sudarshan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631741", "title": "High court deadline approaching: 3 options worked out", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Some designated parking lots in Sector 17 may be partially or completely closed. This is one of the options drafted by local Municipal Corporation for the consideration of finance and contract committee so that the reply Punjab and Haryana high court on the issue of no parking zone here could be submitted on Monday.The second option being put up for consideration of the committee is to take hike parking charges on hourly basis or even charge extra during peak hours. The third --- management and regulation of parking lots with the assistance of traffic police by way of challaning wrongly parked vehicles can be considered for solving or minimizing the problem of entry of too many vehicles in the area and their mismanaged parking system.Other than this, to decongest other parking lots in the city, the civic body's plan is to hike parking rates and impose extra charges for parking beyond a limited period.In their detailed exercise MC admitted that as city has the highest number of vehicles per capita in India and the existing parking is quite insufficient to overcome the problem of congestion there is a proposal to construct four multilevel parking lots on each part of the sector out of which drawings of one has already been issued and the construction work would start shortly.The high court had asked UT to make a portion of Sector 17 vehicle free zone and in recent meeting civic body was asked to file a separate reply on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630530", "title": "Two mowed to death by lorry at construction site", "text": "CHENNAI: Two people, including a labourer, sleeping on a mound of sand at a construction site in Kodambakkam were mowed down by a reversing sand-laden lorry early on Wednesday.The Pondy Bazaar traffic investigation police later arrested lorry driver Ravi, 28, on charges of negligent driving under IPC section 304 (a) and seized the lorry.Police said Ravi, who lives near Kovilambakkam, was contracted to supply three loads of sand to the construction site on Vellalar Street in Kodambakkam. He supplied one load just after midnight and went back to collect the second after informing labourer Ezhumalai, 52, and guard Lakshmanan, 48.Soon the duo felt drowsy and went to sleep on the mound of sand after keeping the doors to the site unlocked. Around 3.30am, Ravi came to the site with the second load and asked the cleaner to open the door. The latter found the door open and told Ravi who began reversing the lorry inside. Unaware of the duo sleeping on the sand, he advanced upon the mound and the vehicle ran over them, killing them on the spot.Hearing their cries, Ravi moved the lorry forward and sped away. However, the other security guards and a few neighbours saw the lorry rushing out of the house and informed police who later nabbed the driver.Ezhumalai's elder son Govindasamy, who works at a construction site in Koyambedu, said his father had been at the Kodambakkam site for three months. \"On getting the information about the accident at 3.45am, I informed some relatives, who are also construction labourers at various sites in the city, and we went to the place. By then, the bodies had been sent to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital for autopsy,\" he said.Ezhumalai's wife Palaniammal, younger sons Ramasamy and Selvaraj and daughters Lakshmi and Rukmani were present in hospital.The other victim, Lakshmanan, is survived by his wife Maheswari and sons Murali, Viji and Suresh. son Murali, a private firm employee, said: \"My father was planning my second brother's marriage soon. After, I moved out after my marriage, my father continued to earn for the family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631493", "title": "Hookah parlours face action", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is cracking the whip on hookah parlours across the city, following a spate of complaints from various sections of society against their operation.The civic body's health authorities have begun to conduct raids at hookah joints. Fines have been collected from hookah parlours in Mundhwa, Kondhwa and Koregaon Park, as well as from those found smoking hookahs at these places as per the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act, 2003 or COTPA.The police too will be acting against such parlours by confiscating all products used here to encourage the smoking of hookahs.The PMC on Tuesday collected Rs 6,000 as fine from hookah parlors in Kondhwa as well as those who were seen smoking in these joints, apart from imposing a fine on four hookah joints in Koregaon Park on Monday.Vaishali Jadhav, PMC's assistant medical officer of health, said, \"Section 394 of the Mumbai Municipal Corporation (MMC) Act gives wide scope to Mumbai's municipal commissioner to impose conditions and take action against hookah parlours in Mumbai. The PMC, however, functions according to the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations Act, 1949, which does not have any provisions that imply taking action on hookah parlours. We are therefore resorting to using the provisions of COTPA and fining the erring individuals and parlours to the tune of Rs 200 each.\"Section 21 of COTPA says that anyone who smokes in public places will be punishable with a fine to the extent of Rs 200.Jadhav added that the PMC's health department cannot, however, shut such parlours down as the Act does not give it the authority to shut down such establishments if they allow the use of hookah.City health chief S T Pardeshi of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) said, \"A number of complaints against such hookah bars have come in, especially from Kondhwa and Mundhwa. A fine that may extend up to Rs 200 is levied on those who are caught smoking in public, which also includes the act of smoking hookah.\"Senior police inspector (Social Security Cell) Bhanupratap Barge, said that the city police have decided to take action against hookah parlours under provisions of COTPA. \"We will seize all the hookah equipment at such parlors. The raids will begin in a few days.\"Barge added that the PMC should revisit the parlours it has fined and cancel their licences if they are seen repeating activities that flout COTPA norms.\"The act clearly prohibits smoking in public places. It does not mention the word 'hookah', but makes clear that any form of smoking in a public place is prohibited.\"Pardeshi added that hookah parlors run on the basis of Shop Act License, which is issued by the state government. \"Since it is issued by another authority, the PMC cannot cancel their licences,\" he added.An owner of a hookah parlor, on condition of anonymity, said, \"A lot of people have misconceptions about hookahs being laced with psychotropic substances, which is not the case. Hookah is less harmful than cigarettes. Even cigarette smoking is banned in public places, but the authorities have failed to enforce this ban. Even if hookah bars are brought under the purview of COTPA, how will the authorities enforce it? We will abide by the law, but there will be many other hookah joints mushrooming even after the enforcement.\"Another hookah parlour owner said, \"I am disappointed with this law. Hookah smoking is equated with a bad vice, which is wrong. Bidis and cigarettes are worse than hookah. These products should be banned first, only then should hookah bars be brought under COTPA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634295", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar sings for a kangaroo!", "text": "Lata Mangeshkar has many unbreakable records to her credit. But this one really and truly takes the cake. Her voice in a very popular maternal song Chanda hai tu mera suraj hai tu from the 1969 blockbuster Aradhana has been used to bring out the maternal instincts of a kangaroo in an advertisement.Initially hordes of fans and friends from across the world rang up to express outrage and resentment at what they saw as a sacrilege. But the ever-selfdeprecating 'Goddess Of All Melodious' things stumped all the naysayers by telling them to chill.Far from being insulted or outraged by her voice being used in the animal kingdom Lataji is tickled amused and entertained to hear her voice used in this unusual way.Says the Nightingale, \"I wasn't even aware of this ad where my voice was used in this very unusual way. But then when I saw it I saw no harm in in it. In fact I am quite happy . A mother is a mother even it she's a kangaroo, right?\"Having given the innovative ad a clean chit Lataji gets nostalgic, \"During my long career as a singer I've sung for every situation and character. I've sung mothers' songs, sisters' songs, daughters' songs, Bhabhi's songs. I've sung as the beloved and the mistress. I've even sung for side actresses and vamps. But I've never sung for an animal before, and that too a mother's song for a kangaroo. Bas ab yehi baqi reh gaya ttha. \"Getting progressively positive on the issue, Lataji says, \"And what makes me happy is that they've used my original song and not a re-mix. I am quite scared of hearing my songs being put through some strange process of alteration that makes the composition seem quite unrecognizable. Sometimes I hear some song that sounds distantly familiar. It turns out to be a re-mix of one of my numbers. Use my songs by all means. Don't abuse them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12631415", "title": "Central Coalfield Ltd files FIR against Yashwant", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The management of Central Coalfield Ltd's Hazaribag area office on Wednesday lodged an FIR against BJP MP Yashwant Sinha and 31 others for allegedly locking the office of general manager Prabhakar Chaki.Chaki was held captive for more than six hours till Tuesday midnight for non-fulfilment of fortnight-old grievances of the Gramin Visthpit Morcha of Phusri village. However, the agitators again locked the GM's office on Wednesday and paralyzed work.According to SP Pankaj Kamboj, the agitating villagers had earlier called off their 12-day fast on April 6 that they were holding in front of the GM's office at Charhi.The fast was called off at the instance of Sinha and INTUC leader and president of the Ramgarh district Congress committee Kumar Mahesh Singh. On the same day the leaders concluded that the 14-point demand of the agitating villagers were justified and met the CCL GM urging him to concede the main demands. tnnHowever, the GM had told them the main demand of the villagers to open a new coal dump yard under the Tapin South Project cannot be conceded. That's because CCL's policy does not allow them to open an additional coal dump yard for allowing villagers to have 30% share of the coal sale.Sinha did not agree to the points raised by CCL and gave the management an ultimatum of 48 hours. He said that if they fail to clear the demand by Monday, then he and the others will start the agitation again and lock the entries of GM's office on Tuesday. Since CCL failed to comply, Sinha went to the site and did just the same. SDO Sadar Kumkum Prasad and the ASP Sudarshan Mandal rescued the captive GM and 16 employees late on Tuesday night. Prasad, who is still camping at Charhi along with ASP, confirmed that an FIR had been filed against Sinha and the others by the CCL management. The FIR has been filed on the ground that they prevented government servants from doing his or her official duty and also for instigating the villagers to continue the agitation against CCL.Moreover, Prasad said that she and the ASP held meeting with the agitators for calling off the agitation but it failed. At Phusri village 906.41 acres of land was taken by the CCL for the Tapin South Coal Mining project. The CCL gave employment to 35 displaced people but it did not satisfy the villagers as they stuck to their original demand asking them to open a new coal dump yard at village Phusi on the pattern of Bahera.The district administration has suspended the operation of the Bahera coal dump yard due to prevailing tension at Charhi, the SDO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629279", "title": "Government on overdrive to tide over tanks\u2019 ammunition crunch", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Army chief General V K Singh ominously warning his entire tank fleet is ``devoid of critical ammunition to defeat enemy tanks'', the government is fast-tracking orders to arm the T-90S main-battle tanks with missiles and specialized ammunition for a greater punch on the western front with Pakistan.Top sources say contracts for 25,000 Invar missiles and 66,000 APFSDS (armour-piercing fin-stabilized discarding sabot) rounds for the Russian-origin T-90S fleet as well as 10,000 Konkurs-M anti-tank guided missiles (ATGMs), at an overall cost of around Rs 6,000 crore, are in the final stages.This comes after Gen Singh wrote a confidential letter to PM Manmohan Singh on March 12, which found its way into the public domain, detailing the critical ``hollowness'' in his 1.13-million-strong Army's war-waging capabilities.Defence minister A K Antony , incidentally, is slated to hold the third review meeting on Gen Singh's concerns on April 17-18. While the procurement process for the new contracts was initiated quite sometime ago, their swift conclusion has become a top-priority over the last few weeks.There are two big contracts for the 3UBK-Invar missiles, which are potent anti-tank weapons with a five-km strike range, in the pipeline. The first is for 10,000 missiles for Rs 1,386 crore from Russia for which a ``draft'' CCS (cabinet committee on security) note has already been prepared and circulated, say sources.The rest 15,000 missiles will be ordered from defence PSU Bharat Dynamics Ltd, at a cost of over Rs 2,000 crore, for which the contract negotiations committee (CNC) is in progress.Another over Rs 2,000 crore contract will be for the 66,000 APFSDS rounds fired from the 125mm smooth-bore guns of T-90S tanks. The reserve stocks for this specialized ammunition is down to only four days, as Army vice-chief Lt-Gen S K Singh told the parliamentary standing committee on defence on Monday.The Army is also going to get the 10,000 Konkurs-M ATGMs directly from Russia for over Rs 1,200 crore. ``All these contracts should be inked within the next few months,'' said a source.The T-90S fleet, incidentally, has grappled with glitches in its missile and thermal imaging systems right since its induction after India first ordered 310 of these tanks for over Rs 3,625 crore under a February 2001 contract with Russia.India went in for T-90S tanks since Pakistan was inducting T-80UD tanks from Ukraine as well as `Al Khalid' MBTs developed with China's help, and the indigenous Arjun tanks were then nowhere on the horizon.Initially, India had plans to manufacture another 1,000 T-90S tanks at the Avadi Heavy Vehicles Factory, but Russia, eager to squeeze out more money, put several roadblocks in the transfer of technology (ToT) promised.It was only after India signed another Rs 4,900-crore deal with Russia in November, 2007, to import another 347 of these tanks, coupled with Antony pushing the ToT case with his Russian counterparts, that Moscow eased controls.Since then, the Avadi factory has built 170 T-90S tanks, with the annual production slated to touch 100 tanks in 2012. Moreover, the Army has ordered 124 more Arjuns after the initial order of 124 in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12629879", "title": "New naval UAV squadron inducted", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Eastern Naval Command got a fillip with the commissioning of a new naval air squadron, an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) squadron, at INS Parundu, the naval air station at Ramnathapuram in Tamil Nadu. It is third of its kind in the Indian Navy and the first on the eastern coast.INAS 344 was commissioned on Wednesday by flag officer commanding-in-chief of Eastern Naval Command vice admiral Anil Chopra. The UAV squadron, commanded by Vinit Anand, would be operating the Heron and the Searcher MK II vehicles. These aircraft with long endurance and stealth capabilities are suited for search and detection. The commissioning of the UAV squadron would provide value addition to the surveillance capability of the ENC and augment the efforts at enhancing coastal security along the coast.Speaking on the occasion, Chopra said that the air station could now boast of a vastly enhanced surveillance capability in the region with the induction of the UAVs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12631040", "title": "Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation gets the tech edge", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The e-governance system of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) got a further boost with the launch of \"online cheque payment solution\" on Wednesday. Going by the new system, the BMC will create a computerized database of all payments (through cheques) made to contractors, corporators, agencies or individual towards different heads.The software that was jointly implemented by the information technology project management unit ( IT-PMU) of BMC and Axis bank would store 35 types of information, involving profile of the cheque receiver, nature of service he or she rendered, among others.\"Earlier we used to disburse hand-written cheques to beneficiaries and maintain several files manually. Now it will be replaced by computer-generated cheques with details about the receiver and the work for which he or she receives the cheque,\" BMC commissioner Vishal Dev said.\"The system will help us during audits and supply of RTI information. We were facing difficulty in searching the manual files, relating to payment details,\" Dev said.Recently, the BMC digitalized its letter dispatch system by introducing e-dispatch facility. As part of the e-governance initiative, the newly launched system was aimed at streamlining dissemination of information between BMC and other departments of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12630704", "title": "Pollution makes you look older", "text": "LUDHIANA: The level of pollution in this industrial city is not just affecting your lungs, the beauty of young girls too is at stake. When compared with women of their age from other cities, Ludhiana beauties look older. Though premature aging is not gender specific and varies with level of exposure of skin to the polluted environment, it affects women more, psychologically and socially.Dr Bimal Kanish, consultant dermatologist at Christian Medical College and Hospital ( CMCH), said, ''Ludhiana is one of the most polluted cities in the world with industries and vehicles pumping out huge volumes of smoke resulting in very high Suspended Particulate Matter (SPM). This in turn shows its impact on skin of residents. The direct effect is that the pollution blocks pores of the skin which leads to less moisture levels and skin looks dehydrated. The dryness of skin results in itching, blemishes and ultimately premature aging. Though the a problem is being faced by all age groups, but more number of girls come to us with this problem.''''The pollution-induced premature aging is more severe among those who ride two-wheelers and have field jobs, but the affect can be minimized by wearing full-sleeves clothes and keeping legs covered. Liberal use of sun screens and moisturizers and washing of face with gentle soaps twice a day also helps in minimizing the effect of pollution,'' added Dr Kanish. The range of premature aging varies from one year to 15 years depending on the level of exposure to the environment, he said.Chipping in, Dr Jastinder K Gill, senior consultant and cosmetologist, said, ''Pollution in the city is surely affecting skin of residents and has also resulted in premature aging of many. We receive numerous patients with this problem on a daily basis. Women are more affected as it affects their marriage prospects, too.''A young woman, declining to be named, said, ''Due to premature aging my friend had to face a tough time as the prospective groom refused to marry her for she looked older than her age.''Dr Gurinderjit Singh, consultant dermatologist at Mohan Dai Multi-speciality and Cancer Hospital, said, ''Pollution and UV rays are bad for skin. Since in Ludhiana, the level of pollution is very high, it results wrinkles on forehead, pigmentation and blemishes because of which the person looks prematurely aged, especially females.''Krunesh Garg, senior environmental engineer (SEE), Ludhiana, said, ''The annual average of pollution in city has been on higher side with the SPM value around 250 micrograms per metre cube, while the permissible level is up to 100 microgram per metre cube. However, most of our observatories are located near busy roads because of which the value comes high.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630721", "title": "Hina gives up after a 5-day battle for life", "text": "BANGALORE: Three-month-old Hina (name changed), battered and smothered by her father for being a girl child, paid the price for her gender with her life. After battling for five days, Hina succumbed to the injuries inflicted by her father around 10.40am on Wednesday at Vani Vilas Hospital.A massive cardiac arrest brutally cut short the life of the girl child, who was on life support since Saturday. For a good 30 minutes after the baby suffered the cardiac arrest, a team of paediatricians and neurologists led by Dr Gangadhar Belawadi and medical superintendent Dr Some Gowda tried in vain to resuscitate Hina. The doctors formally declared the child dead at 11.10am.Hina's mother Reshma Banu, who stood outside the ICU, broke down on hearing the news. As the paramedical staff wheeled away Hina's body for post-mortem, Reshma cried, \"Give me my child. I want to take her in my arms.\"Dr Some Gowda said, \"Hina was in a semi-comatose state since Tuesday evening. She was put on life support, but we could not save her.\"The infant was brought to Vani Vilas Hospital on Sunday afternoon from the Bowring hospital where she had been admitted by Reshma on Saturday. The baby had suffered serious internal injuries around the brain after her father Umar Farooq violently shook her up. He allegedly poisoned his daughter on Friday evening and tried to smother her later that night.Hina's health started deteriorating on Tuesday evening after she suffered a series of convulsions. A team of doctors from Nimhans was summoned on Wednesday, but the child suffered a cardiac arrest before the doctors could reach Vani Vilas Hospital.The mood in the hospital corridors swung between anger, frustration and grief. \"We had been tracking the progress of her health since she was brought here on Sunday. She was pretty, innocent. How can a man torture his daughter like this? He should be punished,\" said a staff nurse, who did not wish to be identified.Nadira Sheikh, a visitor to the hospital, said: \"Men must learn to respect women and start accepting girl children. I feel sorry for the mother (Reshma), who has lost her child because of the father's cruelty.\"The KG Halli police said an attempt-to-murder case under Section 307 of the IPC registered against Farooq, who is in judicial custody in Parappana Agrahara jail, has been changed to that of a case of murder under Section 302.(TOI withheld the battered baby's original name in line with the journalistic practice of not revealing the identity of a victim of child violence)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12629925", "title": "Buying dream cottage in Himachal Pradesh may get tougher", "text": "SHIMLA: Buying an ultra-luxury cottage or a flat in the idyllic settings of Himachal Pradesh will get tougher and costlier if the state government accepts a commission's report recommending scrapping of the Himachal Pradesh Apartment and Property Regulation Act of 2005.The Act was brought into place by the previous Congress government and enables builders to construct and sell flats in various categories. Probing 'benami' or illegal land transactions in the state, the commission headed by Justice D P Sood, a former judge of the Himachal Pradesh high court, in his report tabled in the assembly last week recommended to the government that the act be immediately withdrawn.\"Builders are creating concrete jungles and spoiling the natural forested environment of the state. Since the government lacks manpower to check and monitor each and every construction activity, the act should be withdrawn. The demand of Himachalis (to own a flat) can be easily met by HIMUDA (Himachal Pradesh Urban Development Authority); hence no private player should be allowed,\" Sood said in his 147-page report.Representatives of real estate say if the recommendation of the commission is accepted, the construction of new cottages and flats will virtually come to a halt while demand remains high. Sood observed that the basic purpose of the act has been violated since it came into being in 2005.As many as 173 builders and promoters have been issued licences by the government to construct apartments, cottages and dwelling units. Spot inspection of the builders by the commission noted that the builders are catering to the needs of the rich people of Punjab, Haryana, Delhi and non-resident Indians.\"They are not serving the needs and requirements of the people of Himachal Pradesh. Moreover, 90 percent of colonisers (those moving into the new neighbourhoods) are not from the state,\" the commission observed. The builders, it said, have purchased a huge chunk of agricultural land, thus defeating the purpose of Section 118 of the Himachal Pradesh Tenancy and Land Reform Act of 1972.Under Himachal Pradesh land laws, only the state's permanent residents can buy land in the state. Others who want to purchase land for non-agricultural purposes have to seek relaxation under Section 118 of the tenancy and land reforms law from the government.But buying a house from HIMUDA is the best option as there is no need to get government permission, which is mandatory in the case of purchase from a private realtor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12630333", "title": "HC reunites 26-year-old engineer who was duped by Gulf agents, with dad", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday reunited a 26-year-old civil engineer, who was duped by agents and made to work as a mason in Muscat, Oman, with his father after a gap of seven months.R Rajalingam (26), who has a BE civil engineering degree was unemployed when he was lured by the agents who promised to secure him employment in a foreign country for a fee. On their inducement of false hope, he remitted a payment on the condition that he would be employed as an engineer. However, to his shock and surprise, when he went to Muscat he was forced to work as a mason for more than 16 hours everyday and was housed in a very small room with many others in unhygienic conditions.Unable to bear the suffering, he called up his father and pleaded with him to arrange his return back to India. When his father approached the agents, they did not take any steps to secure his son from the employer. He also made an attempt to give a complaint with the sub-inspector of police, Kovilpatti about the under-employment and the poor salary. However, he did not get a proper response from the police. Under these circumstances, MDMK chief Vaiko sent a letter to the minister of overseas Indian affairs to take necessary action in this regard. Hence, he filed the habeas corpus petition seeking to rescue his son.When the matter came up for hearing last week before the bench comprising Justice S Rajeswaran and Justice M Vijayraghavan, the agents who sent him, though their counsel, submitted that they knew where the youth was working in Oman and assured that he would be brought back soon to be handed over to his father.Again when the matter came up for hearing, Rajalingam was produced before the court. K K Senthilvelan, assistant solicitor-general of India submitted that with the help of embassy officials, the detenue was brought to India.Closing the petition, the judges also said, \"Though he was ill-treated at the hands of the employers in Oman because of the agents who sent him there, we are not concerned with the same for present as limited scope of habeas corpus petition is production of detenue before the court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12630506", "title": "Ahmadiyya fatwa muzzles wedding bells", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The marriage of Anas Malik P V and Krisula T P today turned out to be a low-key affair with even their immediate family members being forced to keep away from the wedding reception.The close relatives of Anas, who belongs to the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at in Kozhikode, stayed away after the head of Jama'at issued a diktat stating that they would be expelled from the community if they attend the function.Mohammed Koya V (75), father of Anas, said his family is facing ostracism after the Ameer of Kozhikode Ahmadiyya Muslim Jamaat made an announcement last Friday calling for a boycott of the wedding reception.Anas Malick had married Krisula, a Hindu girl, three years ago in a civil marriage. The two were living separately in their homes hoping that the marriage would be solemnized in the Muslim religious way with the permission of both the families.Anas and family had applied to the Jama'at and were waiting for months to solemnize the marriage. The two families have now come together and a wedding reception was organized by Krisula's family for the couple yesterday.Mohammed Koya was on the verge of tears at the wedding reception hall as he sat amidst empty chairs Wednesday noon. He said that the last minute boycott call gave by the Jama'at came as a rude shock to him.\"The announcement by the Ameer calling for a boycott was a brazen and open threat. He named me in person and announced at the mosque that all those who attend the event, including family members, will be expelled from the community. Many of our close relatives said though they would like to attend the function, they are being pressurized to stay away from the event after the announcement,\" he said.Shohaib P V, brother of Anas, said the family is planning to take legal recourse and approach the State Human Rights Commission. He said the family had expected 1,500 people for the wedding.K M Ahmed Koya, Ameer, Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at, Kozhikode, admitted that Anas Malik has been expelled from the Jamaat after his marriage with the Hindu girl. He however said that he had not given any call for social ostracism of the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629592", "title": "Nitish, Modi and Rabri file papers for council election", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , former CM Rabri Devi and eight others filed their papers on Wednesday, the first day of filing nominations for the 11 seats of Bihar legislative council, before the assembly secretary Lakshmikant Jha, who is the returning officer for the poll.Eleven MLCs, including the CM and deputy CM, complete their present term on May 6. While the last date for filing nomination papers is April 16, the last date for withdrawal of names is April 19.Of the 11 seats falling vacant, six belonged to the JD (U), three to the BJP and two to the RJD. With the JD (U) having 118 members in the assembly, BJP 91 and the RJD 22, the JD (U) can comfortably get its six candidates elected to the council, BJP four and the RJD one. Given the party position, the winnability of any other candidate is most unlikely, and it may be no wonder if no other candidate files his/her papers and the 11 candidates are elected unopposed.The JD (U) has again fielded all its sitting MLCs - CM Nitish, agriculture minister Narendra Singh, rural works department minister Bhim Singh , former minister Ramashray Prasad Singh, who is the oldest legislator in the present legislature, party spokesman Sanjay Kumar Singh and Upendra Prasad.The BJP dropped its two sitting MLCs - outgoing chairman of the council Tara Kant Jha and Baleshwar Singh Bharti - and fielded three new faces: the party's state vice-president Lal Babu Prasad, general secretary Mangal Pandey and secretary Satyendra Kushwaha. Rabri Devi is the lone RJD candidate in the fray.While CM Nitish Kumar was the last to file his papers among the JD (U) candidates, Modi filed his nomination first in the BJP camp, and Rabri Devi was the 11{+t}{+h} candidate.A large crowd of onlookers had gathered in the portico of the state assembly, shouting slogans in favour of their candidates. Among senior politicians, JD (U) state president and Rajya Sabha member Vashishth Narayan Singh and leader of opposition in the state assembly, Abdul Bari Siddiqui were present.After filing their nomination papers, CM Nitish said he was happy at the prospect of the candidates getting elected unopposed, while Modi said that unlike a few other states, the Bihar legislature has set a \"healthy tradition\" of not sending candidates of the \"other kind\" either to Rajya Sabha or the state legislative council. They also welcomed the fact of Rabri Devi contesting the council polls. \"I thank RJD chief Lalu Prasad for nominating Rabri Devi. She is a former CM and former leader of opposition in the state assembly,\" Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12631034", "title": "Private schools keep fingers crossed over Supreme Court verdict on RTE", "text": "JAIPUR: The fate of private schools contesting against the provisions of Right to Education Act-2010 will be decided on Thursday. The Supreme Court will pronounce the order on writ petition filed by society for unaided private schools challenging some provisions of the RTE Act.Damodar Goyal, president of Society for Private Unaided Schools in Rajasthan said, \"We are hoping the decision will be in our favour as we have sought to maintain quality of education. The provisions such as not to fail students up to Class-VIII and admitting 25% students from economically disadvantaged groups would spoil the quality built over the years.\"The order will decide the fate of private schools, many of whom have not followed the provisions, especially the one pertaining to 25% reservation for students of economically disadvantaged groups. The state government has turned a blind eye over the implementation of Right to Education Act-2010. In Jaipur city alone many schools have ignored the provisions while admitting students at entry level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631598", "title": "Mild tremors shake Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Mild tremors were felt in parts of the city and extended suburbs following a massive earthquake measuring 8.5 on the Richter scale in Indonesia on Wednesday. Given that Mumbai falls in a seismic zone, disaster management experts say the city needs to up its preparedness quotient.Civic officials said reports of tremors had trickled in from Nariman Point, Opera House and Mahim which measured 3.5 on the Richter scale, even as residents of a few buildings in Bhayander like those on the top floors of Paras Towers rushed out of their homes.BMC mayor Sunil Prabhu appealed to Mumbaikars not to fall prey to rumours about a tsunami striking the city. \"The Centre has clearly stated that there is no threat of a tsunami and Mumbaikars should go about their daily jobs without panic,\" said Prabhu.Mumbai's vulnerability lies in that it falls in a moderate seismic zone and that over 50% of its population lives in slum shanties which are more susceptible to extensive damage. \"Mumbai still falls in seismic zone III with a possibility of facing earthquakes between 6 to 6.5 on the Richter scale,\" said geologist V Subramanyan, a member of the BMC's expert committee for disaster management. \"Awareness about earthquakes in Mumbai is still extremely low,\" he added.Civic sources said they were still establishing whether Mumbai's risk was increased to zone IV.Subramanyan underlined the need for more mock drills to equip citizens to respond appropriately during such disasters as well as stricter implementation of seismic-proof building regulation laws.Experts concede that the city is better off with its disaster management plan in place, but said much more needed to be done.Joint municipal commissioner S S Shinde said they have been training schools, colleges and offices on appropriate response for such disasters.Expert on earthquakes, Prof. Ravi Sinha of IIT Bombay said, \"Thankfully, we have been spared this time. It should serve as a wake-up call.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630697", "title": "Airport starts tests with new terminals ready to go", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai airport has started testing equipment at its new international and domestic terminals, setting in motion the final stages of work before the facilities are commissioned.Airports Authority of India chairman V P Agarwal, on a visit to the city on Wednesday, said the terminals would be commissioned within two months.The AAI chief said experts were testing various types of gear at the terminals and passenger amenities are being scrutinised. Construction agencies have also started cleaning up the debris and removing equipment and machines.In the city to attend a second meeting of Bay of Bengal Arabian Sea Indian Ocean (BOBASIO) Region member-states to discuss civil aviation trends, Agarwal said power connections had been established at both terminals. He met state chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi and discussed the current status of the airport.\"The state government is keen to complete the expansion work and commission the terminals as early as possible,\" he said. \"We are in the final stages of the project.\" Agarwal said AAI has already processed the tenders for the inline baggage system at the airport and is awaiting clearance from the Bureau of Civil Aviation and Safety to appoint an agency to manage the system.He said the statement is expected to initiate the land acquisition for the proposed greenfield airport in Sriperumbudur. \"Private investments will be needed for the project, with land requirement itself expected to cost Rs 3,000 crore of a total estimated budget of Rs 7,000 crore,\" he said. The AAI chairman said the airport authority will hold talks with state government about further development plans.The Rs 1,212-crore Chennai airport expansion project has already gone past around a dozen deadlines over the past four years. The project was delayed due to several reasons, including an AAI financial crunch. The secondary runway is ready but land acquisition issues have delayed installation of approach lights.A glass walkway will connect a metro rail station now under construction outside the airport and the new terminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12629916", "title": "Shimla grappled with untreated sewerage: CAG", "text": "SHIMLA: The queen of hills and capital of Himachal Pradesh grappling with the problem of untreated sewerage leading to water contamination as open sewer lines are resulting into environment pollution. The state government had spent Rs 91.05 crore to provide pollution-free environment and to check the contamination of water sources at disposal points, but the objective has remained unachieved, according to the latest report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG).\"It was noticed that utilization of sewerage treatment plants during 2010-11 was only 3.66 MLD and about 30.75 MLD of sewerage went untreated,\" observed the CAG report.As per the study conducted by the central pollution control board (CPCB), during the course of audit, inspection of some of these spots along with departmental officials was conducted by the audit team and it was found that due to non-tapping of huge quantity of sewage, unhygienic conditions prevailed in many areas. As per CPCB study in 2005, the quantum of sewage generated in the city was assessed at 177 litres per capital daily (LPCD). For a population of 1,94,420 in the year 2010, the level of sewage generated in the city was 34.31 million litres per day (MLD). In October 2005, 6 sewerage treatment plants (STPs) of 35.63 MLD capacity were commissioned at an expenditure of Rs 74 crore. Besides, the irrigation and public health department had also spent Rs 2.93 crore on laying of missing links of sewer lines during 2007-10 and Rs 14.12 crore on operation and maintenance of the scheme till March 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630537", "title": "Corporation issues ID cards to 2,000 pavement dwellers", "text": "CHENNAI: Around 2,000 people living along major canals in the city have so far had their photographs taken and data recorded for their Resident Identity Cards (RIC) under the National Population Register ( NPR ) programme.As Chennai corporation officials race against time to issue identity cards by June to all the 6,000 people identified who live along the waterways, they say they face major delays because councilors are insisting that they resurvey their wards and zones. Corporation officials conducted a detailed survey of people living along the city's canals, many of them squatters, identified and created a register of 6000 people to whom they would distribute 'smart cards'. \"We identified people living along major waterways such as Buckingham Canal, Mambalam Canal, Cooum River Bank, government land and 'poromboke land' in Vyasarpadi, Nungambakkam and other areas.\"We chose places where we were going to remove encroachments for projects,\" said a corporation official. Corporation officials are currently recording data along the Mambalam Canal, in MGR Nagar, Jafferkhanpet and Tiruvanmiyur.Officials though say ward councillors are now asking for resurveys because they feel that many people had been left out. \"There are huge delays in areas where our people are recording data. Councilors ask us to include more people in the register for ID cards and, if we refuse, they ask us to do a resurvey,\" a corporation official said.We do feel that everyone in the area should have a place to stay and those affected by development should be given an alternate place, a councillor said. \"That's why we are requesting that they too should be given identity cards. Some people, due to various problems, were not called for photographs and registration. But we did not ask for a re-survey,\" he said.Being included in the registry will allow displaced people to claim a nominal amount of money for rehabilitation and allotment in resettlement projects planned by the Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board in Okkiyum, Thoraipakkam and Perumbakkam.Of the 6,000 people identified, the corporation decided to issue identity cards first to the 3,500 people living along the waterways. \"We will start the process to give ID cards to the remaining 2,500 people once we finish with this group,\" a corporation official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12629503", "title": "A government panel has recommended listing mothers as first guardians", "text": "TIMES VIEWIt will empower womenIn 1995 the author Githa Hariharan petitioned the Supreme Court challenging the existing guardianship laws that barred her from being recognised as a 'natural guardian' of her minor son. Three years later, the apex court upheld Hariharan's petition in a landmark verdict, paving the way for changing the archaic colonial Guardian and Wards Act of 1890. Laudably, a Planning Commission working group has now recommended that a mother should be listed as the first official guardian in all official documents. This should help redress the official bias against the mother.The panel has proposed sweeping changes in existing laws thereby giving mothers equal guardianship rights over their children. The panel's objective is to rectify the legislative as well as larger gender imbalances in society. At present fathers are mentioned as first guardians in all relevant official documents - birth certificates, school admission forms and passports. Mothers, on the other hand, have to run from pillar to post, overcoming a host of bureaucratic hurdles to be accepted as legitimate guardians of their children. They have to either get the father's signature or like Githa Hariharan take recourse to legal measures.Since prejudice against women is deep-rooted a degree of affirmative action, which redresses the balance by listing the mother as the first official guardian, is welcome. If that becomes law then it will be difficult for conservative authorities, whether at government or school level, to deny mothers their guardianship rights. Since everybody recognises the father's guardianship rights, the opposite problem doesn't really exist. If implemented, the government panel's proposed amendments will surely go a long way in ensuring that mothers have an equal say, not only as caregivers in families, but also in significant decision-making processes that impact their children's lives.COUNTERVIEWPerpetuates gender biasPyaralal RaghavanThe Planning Commission working group's recommendation to review all laws to remove their gender bias is long overdue and welcome. But the government panel's efforts to replace the father as the first guardian of a child with the mother in all legal documents is a good example of well-meant but pointless change. It's a hopelessly muddled approach. First of all, if having the father as a first guardian means reinforcing patriarchy, logically having the mother as first guardian is tantamount to disempowering men. This is hardly conducive to equality. Replacing one parent by another would only shift the problems and perpetuate the gender bias in the law.Secondly, the argument propounded by the panel for the move is that since it is the mother who looks after the children it should be her natural right to be listed as the first guardian. While this logic seems impeccable such a legal view would be unfortunate as it effectively only reinforces the patriarchal view that a woman's role should be confined to her household and rearing children.Should we logically extend this principle to deduce that the father should have no role in looking after children? Among other things, deciding custody of children in divorce cases is skewed in favour of the mother - that too due to the same pernicious principle that the mother plays a greater role in rearing children than the father does. One cannot assume, dogmatically, that the mother will rear the child better than the father will in all cases - this has to be decided on a case-by-case basis. Guardianship rights and other laws affecting children should be in fact completely rewritten with the child's right at the core and not looked at merely in terms of the rights of the mother or the father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630639", "title": "Gujarat University computer on wheels to teach dalit students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University (GU) will soon launch a COW (Computer on Wheels) which will visit rural areas with a high concentration of dalit students and offer them 10 day course to familiarize them with the basics of computer applications.GU has got a grant of Rs 50 lakh from the Ahmedabad district collector office to launch COW which will have 17 computers with internet facility fitted into an air-conditioned vehicle., which will be the mobile computer laboratory. tnnwhich will be parked in rural areas and allow village students to familiarize themselves with the computer basics.Earlier, a similar COW was made for senior citizens. The new mobile computer on wheels laboratory will also focus on giving computer education to women.\"The course will be of ten days where students will be allowed to use the computers on wheels for two hours daily and get basic education about computer use and applications. This project is being done to promote the use of computers amongst the rural masses\", said vice chancellor of Gujarat University Parimal Trivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630014", "title": "Move to disturb peace continues, 4 arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four more persons were arrested by the Special Investigation Team (SIT) sleuths in communal violence cases on Wednesday. However, despite police crackdown, attempts to disturb communal harmony continued to occur in the city.SIT police arrested Dhanraj of Kurmaguda for pelting stones and injuring people on Sunday last. In another case, SIT sleuths nabbed Mohammed Bin Ahmed, 26, a football coach, and Syed Nabi, 26, a painter, from Sultanshahi for trespassing into a house belonging to a 60-year-old woman and assaulting her in Moghulpura.They also arrested Mohammed Taher, 30, an auto driver, of Kurmaguda, for stone pelting offence in Madannapet. They were produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.Meanwhile, incidents stirring up communal passions among people continued to occur in the city on Wednesday. Miscreants slit the throat of a puppy and threw the carcass on the premises of a place of worship in Bahadurpura on Wednesday. Police quickly cleaned the premises and brought the situation under control by discussing the issue with the management of the religious place.Another incident of communal nature happened at Shankar Nagar in Saidabad, where miscreants threw dung on a wall poster containing photos of deities. The Santosh Nagar police took a few people into custody for a bike burning incident at Old Santosh Nagar area on Tuesday night. Five bikes were set ablaze by miscreants at Padmashali Colony in Musheerabad and another two-wheeler was torched by miscreants at Erragadda in the wee hours of Wednesday. A parked auto was also set ablaze by miscreants at Akbar Towers in Chaderghat. A part of a dilapidated place of worship on military land at Mohammadiya Lanes collapsed on Wednesday, but people did not get agitate as the place was not under use for a long time.Despite such occurrences and four hours of relaxation of curfew, no incidents of violence have been reported from Saidabad and Madannapet. In view of the peaceful atmosphere, police have extended the curfew relaxation period for eight hours from 9 am to 5 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12629236", "title": "Sule rallies for the girl child", "text": "NASHIK: An awareness rally, organized by Yashwantrao Chavan Pratishthan in Mumbai and the divisional office in Nashik and led by MP Supriya Sule, to save the girl child attracted huge crowds on Wednesday.The rally concluded at Kalidas Kala Mandir with street plays, a short film and Sule's interaction with the audience.The over-2km march was organized on the occasion of Mahatma Phule's birth anniversary. The rally saw the participation of around 8,000 people, with over 7,000 having registered in advance. The rally, which was to begin at 8am, finally started at 9.30 am from Hutatma Smarak, wound through Ashok Stambh, Raviwar Karanja, Main Road, Indira Gandhi Chowk and reached Mahakavi Kalidas Kala Mandir at 10.30 am. Activists working in this field, women, school and college girls participated in the rally.Street plays against female foeticide and 'lezim' were performed, along with a display of fancy dress costumes worn by the participants. A dance-drama 'Abolish abortion', directed by Pradnya Thorat, was enacted at Kalidas Kala Mandir, followed by Rajendra Kamble (regional president, Maratha Samaj Seva Sangh) praising the great women of India. Dr Sudha Kankriya, who has been campaigning against female foeticide, expressed her opinion through verses. A film by Chandrakant Kulkarni was screened to inform viewers about laws relating to gender discrimination, women's rights etc.\"We are not a patriarchal society, neither are we backward. We are inhuman because in the year 2012, Supriya Sule has to walk in the heat to various districts of the state to create awareness about saving girl child. Mahatma Phule had to convince people to let girls study and in 2012, we are killing female foetues,\" said Vanadhipati Vinayak Patil. \"I will fight against female foeticide till the evil is put to an end,\" he said.Sule interacted with the audience and shared her experiences during the rally. She encouraged girls to explore their potential. \"In this entire rally, only one thing was disturbing. I met some Muslim girls who did not want to have a career because their families would not permit it. They said they were fortunate that they were getting educated till Std X. I appeal to Vinayakdada Patil to include such communities if we want this campaign to be successful. I also request him to counsel the families of these girls. It is sad that in a place like Nashik, some girls are deprived of education,\" she said.Sprinter Kavita Raut's coach, Vijendra Singh, spoke about Nashik athletes making it at the national level. A student from a nursing college raised the point that there were several cases of girls studying in primary school being raped by senior family members. Sule promised to look into the matter. She also promised to hold such campaigns in adivasi pockets.NCP city chief Sharad Koshire, city organizer Sunil Ahire, , regional secretary Nana Mahale, former MP Devidas Pingle, all city NCP workers and the director of MET, Shefali Bhujbal, were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630514", "title": "DGCA begins digitization of operations", "text": "CHENNAI: In an effort to bring about a major facelift of its administrative systems, the Directorate-General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has begun digitizing its operations. Director-General of Civil Aviation E K Bharathbhushan said the proposed project was expected to make the services more transparent and bring down malpractices in approval and clearance of projects.The DGCA, which falls under the union civil aviation ministry, handles registration and approval of civilian aircraft services, formulation of standards of airworthiness for civil aircraft, granting certificates of planes' airworthiness, licensing of pilots, aircraft maintenance engineers, flight engineers, air traffic controllers and conducting examinations.Bharathbhushan, who was here on Wednesday to address a meeting of Bay of Bengal Arabian Sea Indian Ocean (BOBASIO) member-states, said the Rs 200-crore project will help the aviation industry in the long term. \"We are integrating services and most of them will be provided online. Projects can be approved online without the usual administrative delays,\" he said. \"At present, clients have to visit DGCA offices for approval. Since, efficient online models are available, we can give approvals and clearances online after verifying certificates and licences,\" he said.A detailed investigation initiated by Bharathbhushan had recently nabbed 17 pilots and three senior DGCA officials involved in forging fake pilot licences. He said the existing system would be changed and the DGCA regional offices would get more staff strength. The DGCA has just one officer in Kerala, a state where there are two profit-making airports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630081", "title": "Residents race against time to stock up", "text": "HYDERABAD: A curfew relaxation from 11 am to 3 pm gave residents of Madannapet and Saidabad a much needed respite on Wednesday. Though rumour-mongering was rife residents took to the streets to stock supplies for as long as a fortnight dreading that the curfew may go on indefinitely.Cash remained out of bounds for many as ATMs had run out of bills or remained closed. Mohammed Faheem from Saidabad said, \"Most teller machines have no cash. Further, I had to request one of the guards to lift the shutter so that I could get some money to buy food.\" A security guard near Saidabad crossroads noted that since cash wasn't loaded into the machines, people were seen running around for money.Traders in Madannapet market took a beating as people bought food rations from markets in IAS Sadan and Miralam Mandi. Vendors rued that unable to bear further losses, they were forced to sell produce at almost half the price as they had to clear their counters before the deadline. Unani pharmacist from Saidabad, Obaid-ur-Rahman returning from shopping said, \"The police haven't indicated till when the curfew will be on. Therefore, I have bought groceries for more than a week.\"Healthcare still remained out of reach of the aam admi. Those admitted in hospitals in other localities suffered most. Khaja Rahmeemuddin from Saidabad crossroads said, \"My wife is admitted in Yashoda Hospital in Secuderabad and is being treated for a blood clot in the brain. There is nobody to look after her except the nurses on duty. Yet I had to rush back home before the deadline ended to look after my children.\" A youngster from the area pointed out the insensitive attitude of the police. He said that a patient was forced to walk from a hospital at Saidabad crossroads to a waiting car at the check post in Chanchalguda.At 3 pm sirens wailed from patrolling Rakshaks as policemen on board ordered people to shut shop and return home even as anxious residents raced against time. Saidabad and Madannapet turned ghost localities within minutes.Even as the two curfew-hit neighbourhoods struggled for normalcy, adjoining areas of Chanchalguda, Malakpet and Rein Bazar remained unaffected. Traders from Charminar, Pathergatti and Laad Bazaar heaved a sigh of relief as they finally opened their establishments for business.Joint commissioner K Vishwajeet said that relaxation of the curfew on Thursday would be decided by senior officers after a review of the situation on Wednesday night. \"Senior officers will assess the law and order situation in the area and decide if curfew will be relaxed on Thursday. We will also have to see when it would be convenient for people to come out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631620", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad likely to get separate tehsil office", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri-Chinchwad is expected to get a new tehsil office once the state government's high power committee gives its approval.Citizens need to approach the tehsil office to get 7/12 extracts also known as property ownership document, to make changes in their property ownership, change in heirs and to pay taxes. Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner, Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), said that various issues, including the setting up of a separate tehsil office, came up for discussion in a meeting called by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in Mumbai on Tuesday.The meeting was attended by civic and state government officials as well as MLAs Vilas Lande, Laxman Jagtap and Anna Bansode.Kadam said there was a long-pending proposal for creation of a separate tehsil office for Pimpri-Chinchwad, which falls under the Haveli tehsil office, at present. State government officials said a separate tehsil office headed by an additional tehsildar will soon be set-up. The proposal will be sent to the high power committee for approval within a fortnight.Pimpri-Chinchwad's population has grown manifold - from 2.49 lakh in 1981 to 17.5 lakh as per the 2011 census. As a result, there is a demand that a separate tehsil office and taluka be created for the city.Kadam further said that the issue of floodlines was also discussed. A large residential area in the city lies in the no-development zone of the floodlines. State government officials advised the civic body to get in touch with Khadakwasla-based Central Water and Power Research Station to see if any solution could be found.He said that the subject of granting of transfer of development rights (TDR) for developmental projects also came up for discussion. The civic body has not given any TDR for land acquired before 1999 for developing roads. A decision was taken that the civic body should give monetary compensation for the land acquired for roads before 1999 and TDR should be given in lieu of compensation for the land acquired for roads after 1999.Subjects related to the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) were also discussed. Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said the minister took information from state government officials about the status of finding solutions for regularising unauthorised constructions, giving land for police stations in Sangvi, Wakad and Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation area and returning 12.5% of the acquired land to the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630135", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau\u2019s \u2018selective\u2019 raids irk ministers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Upset over the 'selective' raids by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on the liquor syndicate with an ulterior motive, several ministers in the Kiran cabinet are alleging that rather than trying to counter YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy ahead of the bypolls, he is focusing more on their downfall.According to sources, the issue came up following the cabinet meeting on Praja Patham at the Secretariat on Tuesday after the officials left the premises.When some ministers asked the CM about the party strategy to counter Jagan's criticism of the government, Kiran Kumar Reddy is learnt to have told them that it was not necessary to criticize the YSR Congress chief in the Congress poll campaign. Instead, he urged them to highlight the developmental activities being implemented by him during the last one year.\"Why is the CM soft on Jagan while going all out against some of his own ministers when it should be the other way around,\" wondered one minister.Many of the ministers who feel that they are being targeted by the CM are said to be sharing their fears with their close aides. PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana reportedly told his trusted friends that at the behest of Kiran Kumar, the ACB arrested a close lieutenant of his and that he feared that cases would be booked against his brothers and relatives having interests in liquor business in Vizianagaram district.\"Why are the ACB raids selective? For example, Kadapa, Chittoor and Mahbubnagar districts, where massive irregularities in the sale of liquor is said to be taking place, have been let off the hook by ACB,\" the transport minister was quoted as saying by his aides.Joining the issue with Botsa is excise minster Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, whose close aides were named by ACB in its latest report.MLAs close to Mopidevi alleged that when the excise minister brought this to the notice of the chief minister, he received a non-committal response from Kiran Kumar Reddy. Yet another minister who is unhappy with the CM is his deputy, C Damodar Raja Narasimha.Two days ago, a close associate of Raja Narasimha was arrested and his relative was named by the ACB in the liquor syndicate case.Angry over the development, the deputy CM is all set to write to the Congress high command about Kiran Kumar of 'witch-hunting,' sources said.Panchayati raj minister K Jana Reddy, too, is miffed with the CM for not being invited to crucial meetings including the one last Saturday on campaign strategy for the bypolls in the 18 constituencies.Jana Reddy's close aides alleged that the minister was being sidelined by the chief minister's office in all policy decisions and that CMO official SS Rawat is directly giving instructions to the panchayati raj department officials on various administrative matters.Upset over this, Jana Reddy has decided not to take part in future meetings convened by the chief minister except the cabinet meetings.These ministers are now seriously planning to go to New Delhi and convey to the party high command that the actions of the chief minister are actually damaging the image of the Congress party in the state, the sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629794", "title": "Government to promote eco-tourism in region", "text": "KANPUR: Keeping in mind the rich floral and faunal wealth in the region, the state government has stepped up efforts to promote eco-tourism in the state on a grand scale. The aim is not only to lure tourists, but also jack up efforts for conserving wildlife and nature on the lines of Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Gujarat.Highly-placed government sources told TOI: \"Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has evinced keen interest in the subject. Besides developing new sanctuaries in the region, the existing ones would also be given a face-lift on a large scale. In fact, the UP government has already given its final nod to start work on a Lion Safari at Fisher Forest area in the CM's hometown of Etawah.\"A senior district official said that \"under the eco-tourism project, we have been asked to submit a master plan of several projects to promote eco-tourism in districts rich in floral and faunal wealth, including Etawah, Mainpuri, Kannauj, Etah and Agra\".Etawah district magistrate P Guru Prasad said: \"We have National Chambal Sanctuary in Etawah which is a habitat of aquatic animals. Established in 1979 and spread over 435 sq kms, it is among the country's prime wildlife sanctuaries.\"\"Chambal area also boasts of ghariyal, crocodiles, smooth-coated otter, species of terrapins and turtles, chinkara, sambhar, nilgai, chital, hyena, wolf, wild boar, bar-headed goose, brown hawk owl, booted eagle, black-bellied tern, river tern, black ibis, jungle babbler, fishing cats and white wagtail and reptiles like python and a profusion of 250 species of birds, including state bird Indian Sarus. All this needs to be exploited optimally,\" the DM added.The region also boasts of Saman Bird Sanctuary in Mainpuri, Patna Bird Sanctuary in Etah and Lakh Bahosi in Kannauj. Besides, a wide patch of wetlands surrounding the region become winter home for migratory birds that land here for roosting or breeding.People always link Chambal with dacoits. But one cannot ignore the fact that the region has a varied topography and dense forests that are full of natural water resources. A couple of river confluences like the Pachnada, a confluence of five rivers -- Yamuna, Chambal, Kuari, Pahuj and Sindh and Bhareh, a confluence of Chambal and Yamuna, are considered to be a safe haven for aqua creatures to breed. Besides, several small water bodies spread across the district also invite varied wildlife, the official informed.\"It would be a boon for state's economy and also conserve community culture, natural environment and cultural heritage,\" a senior Tourism department officer said.\"If every thing goes well, adventure and nature lovers and foreign tourists who have been visiting wildlife sanctuaries and safaris of other states, will surely add this new destination in their tour map,\" he said.Also, the Chambal valley -- the region once infamous for breeding outlaws like Phoolan Devi, Nirbhay Gujjar, Tehsildar Singh and Malkhan Singh -- will attract tourists who always have fascination in exploring the ravines.The eco-tourism project, which will be developed by the state's Forest and Wildlife Department, Tourism and other government agencies, is envisioned to be equipped with world-class facilities along the National Highway passing through the region and would be used by tourists and locals alike.Eco-tourism is a potential resource for creating awareness for protection of forests and wildlife and generating revenue. It would also help generate employment for youth in various districts, said another senior district official.\"We believe that the locals, who are well-versed with local wildlife, should also be involved in the projects. These projects would not only attract tourists, but also help us bring the local hunters and their children, who are presently earning their livelihood through illegal activities, into the society's mainstream,\" said Dr Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature.\"Moreover, utmost care should also be taken to ensure that the trekking routes do not interfere with the core habitat area of the wildlife. The projects would also certainly help in curbing killing and smuggling of rare wildlife species,\" Dr Chauhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629698", "title": "Milk price hike in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites would have to pay more for different kinds of milk supplied by Sudha dairy with effect from April 14, 2012. The decision was taken at a meeting of milk producers and officials of COMPFED. Milk consumers would now have to pay Rs 2 more per litre for double toned milk (Slim), toned milk (Healthy), cow milk and standard milk (Shakti). However, consumers would have to pay Rs 3 extra per litre for full cream milk (Gold). From April 14, the Slim would be sold at Rs 26 per litre, Healthy at Rs 28, cow milk at Rs 29 and Shakti at Rs 31. Full cream milk (Gold) would cost Rs 35 per litre. In Jharkhand ,the prices of double toned milk, toned milk, cow milk and standard milk have already been hiked by Rs 2 per litre, a Bihar State Milk Cooperative Federation Ltd release said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12630162", "title": "Forces swing into action after alert", "text": "NEW DELHI: The armed forces swung into action soon after a tsunami alert was sounded due to the earthquake off Indonesia , 270 nautical miles south of Andaman and Nicobar on Wednesday afternoon.Though the post-quake tsunami alert was officially withdrawn later in the day, IAF and navy nevertheless kept their aircraft and warships on \"hot stand-by\" throughout the night to ensure they could conduct humanitarian assistance and disaster relief (HADR) operations if required. Soon after the alert, the IAF \"readied'' two C-130J \"Super Hercules\" aircraft at the Hindon airbase as well as an IL-76 \" Gajraj\" aircraft at Chandigarh to airlift over 300 NDRF personnel and 20 tonne of medical and relief supplies to Port Blair and Chennai.Moreover, An-32 and Dornier aircraft were also alerted in south India. The navy put all its warships in the region on \"State-1\" readiness, the highest level of alertness for HADR operations. \"The Eastern Naval Command at Vizag began preparing suitable ships with disaster relief teams embarked to provide assistance to affected areas if it was required,'' said an officer. While the integrated defence staff's operations room was activated here, the tri-service Andaman and Nicobar Command, too, operated in top gear throughout afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12631884", "title": "India, Israel to enhance academic cooperation", "text": "VARANASI: The Banaras Hindu University (BHU) was one of the participants at the commemoration of the 20th anniversary of diplomatic relations between India and Israel. BHU vice chancellor Dr Lalji Singh was one of the members of the delegation led by human resource development minister Kapil Sibal. The delegation made a visit to Israel from April 3 to 6.According to BHU spokesperson, the President of India approved a seven-member delegation led by HRD minister to commemorate the 20th anniversary of full diplomatic relations between India and Israel. Both countries, mutually seeking to enhance academic cooperation, agreed to launch a joint programme that would facilitate mutually beneficial research and academic activities. India's HRD minister Kapil Sibal , Israel's minister of finance Dr Yuval Steinitz and minister of education Gideon Sa'ar agreed in principle to establish a long-term programme that would bring together Indian and Israeli researchers to carry forward research in areas of mutual interests.The total scope of programme will reach five million USD from each side annually in steady state over a three years period. Both sides agreed that the programme would be coordinated by the University Grants Commission (UGC) from the Indian side and the Israel Science Foundation (ISF) from the Israeli side.The BHU VC said there was lot to learn from small country like Israel, which had made its strong economic, military presence in not to its neighboring countries but to the whole world. This strength of Israel is coming from its strong base in science, technology and education. The future cooperation between two countries will focus on science, technology and education. He said the drip irrigation system established by the Israel was just not a technology came out of science but the realization and commitments of its people. Israel is known for its deserts. To irrigate their sandy soils Israeli people used pipe to save the water. Some of the part of pipe had leakage and the area surrounding the leakage became green. This led to identification and establishment of Drip Irrigation and Israel succeeded in converting its large dessert in to greenery and today they are leader in drip irrigation.\"We should learn from Israel that for a successful venture in a country, there is a need of strong will of the people of the country,\" he said adding: \"We are going to work on mutual interest for research cooperation between India and Israel.\" He said the possible area identified were renewable and sustainable energies, climate and environmental science, plant science and agricultural technologies, computer science- algorithms, robotics, artificial intelligence, marine biology, bio-medical sciences, cyber security, brain research and cognitive sciences, photonics, communication technologies.The VC informed that in June 2012 there would be joint workshop to finalize the framework and professional issues in Delhi, during September 2012 a final agreement would be signed about different agenda and institution participation between the two countries through UGC (India) and Israel Science Foundation (Israel). It is expected that final approval of the proposals will come during July 2013. He said BHU would try to partner in important areas identified by two countries to benefit BHU in particular and Poorvanchal in general. He said during the visit to Israel, the delegation also visited Bar-llan University, Ramat Gan, Weizmann Institute of Science, Hebrew University of Jerusalem and important institutes of science and education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631747", "title": "Mumbai loves its vacations, 80% prefer 2 breaks", "text": "It's vacation time and as people sit to chalk out their travel plans this year, instead of the usual one, they are getting ready to prepare two. Leading the list of travellers planning two breaks are people from Mumbai, with more than 78% saying they prefer more than one holiday in a year.Despite a cringing economy and rising prices, 69% of Mumbai travellers and 63% from Hyderabad are willing to loosen their purse strings and spend anywhere between Rs 50,000 and Rs 2 lakh on their holidays this summer, according to a recently-released survey by an online travel portal TripAdvisor.Drawing a correlation between the city a person stays in and the amount they plan to spend on a holiday, the survey said that Bangaloreans came out as the thriftiest with the lowest number of respondents across the six metros willing to splurge between a lakh and two on their summer breaks. Chennai-based travellers were willing to spend more with 40% saying they will spend in excess of Rs 1 lakh, while 39% said their travel cost will be between Rs 10,000 and Rs 50,000.People from Mumbai, followed by those in Bangalore and Delhi were the least excited about the ongoing cricket season. \"Seventy-two per cent respondents said they were not excited about the matches. Only 15 per cent plan to travel to catch the game live in different cities,'' the survey said.The survey was conducted over a course of three days with inputs from 1,500 respondents who used the site. \"It seems like a bustling summer for travellers this year. It is interesting to note that more Indian travellers are willing to explore newer destinations and seek more adventure on their vacations,\" said Nikhil Ganju, country manager, TripAdvisor.The survey also found that Indians continue to be loyal to destinations in South-East Asia with Thailand , Singapore and Malaysia topping the most-preferred list. They are followed by Australia, theUK and the US. \"Destinations like Kashmir, Port Blair , Spain, Greece , Nepal , Bhutan , Cambodia and Vietnam also emerged as new vacation choices for a few, indicating a trend to go off the beaten track,\" said the survey.People were game to travelling to unknown, mystery destinations as well. \"Fifty per cent Indian men and 40 per cent women were willing to experiment with mystery holidays. The big surprise was that 65 per cent of travelers in the age group of 65 plus were game for a mystery holiday,\" the survey said.After hill stations and beaches, Mumbaiikars are planning wildlife safari holidays, camping/hiking/rafting and romantic getaways. There are not many new birds flying international, as 93% of Mumbaiikars surveyed said they have touched foreign shores before. While Kolkata had the highest percentage (17) of travellers looking to go abroad, Chennai had the most (94%) planning a holiday this summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630842", "title": "Panel okays state's plan size", "text": "BANGALORE: Expressing satisfaction over maintaining fiscal discipline for its overall fiscal management, the Planning Commission on Wednesday approved Karnataka's plan size of Rs 42,030crore for 2012-13 as proposed by the state.\"The per capita plan outlay for the state is Rs 7,064, which is one of the highest among major states. The commission expressed happiness over financial discipline of the state,\" said chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda in New Delhi after the commission's approval.The state has also sought the commission's intervention in critical areas such as central assistance on drought situation, increasing import duty on silk yarn, coal linkages for power plants, speedy implementation of railway projects and amendment to Article 371 D of the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "shuvashis sinha had formed a theatre group in bangladesh when he was 18. now, at 33, he is coming down to kolkata for the first time to stage \" kohe birangana\" - an adaptation of michael madhusudan dutt's \"birangana\" - as part of the maitree bandhan literary festival presented by the times of india. excerpts from an interview with the director", "code": "12633989", "title": "Bengal theatre is still acting driven: Shuvashis Sinha", "text": "Shuvashis Sinha had formed a theatre group in Bangladesh when he was 18. Now, at 33, he is coming down to Kolkata for the first time to stage \" Kohe Birangana\" - an adaptation of Michael Madhusudan Dutt's \"Birangana\" - as part of the Maitree Bandhan Literary Festival presented by The Times of India. Excerpts from an interview with the director:How did your journey of forming Manipuri Theatre being?I am a Manipuri based in Bangladesh and there are close to 70,000 Manipuris in this country. Soon after clearing my Class XII exams, I decided to form a theatre group. At present, my group has 50 members between the age group of 15 and 40. In our 15 years of theatrical journey, we have staged 27 plays, including \"Sree Krishna Kirtan\", \"Bhanubil\" and \"Debotar Gras\".Isn't language any barrier when you are performing to an audience that doesn't understand Manipuri?We perform in a language called Bishnupriya Manipuri. Beyond linguistic communication, our theatre comes alive with voice modulation and physical drama. I have adapted Michael Madhusudan Dutt's Birangana Kavya and since it is difficult to translate his Bengali idiom to Manipuri, we decided to go with the original verse and add our Manipuri dance movements. The play articulates four verses among 11 from the original text. Jyoti Sinha will be playing four different characters - Shakuntala, Draupadi, Dushala and Jona - in the play. Apart from her, the play will also have four other dancers on stage.Having done your Masters from the Jahangirnagar University in dramatics, why don't you feature in your plays?During my early days of theatre, I used to act as well. We are a rural group and there are lots of challenges that we need to negotiate. It's become difficult to direct and act simultaneously.How connected are you with the theatre scene in India?As a student in Dhaka, I watched performances by Indian groups. Last year, I was in Santiniketan to attend a workshop in dramatics. I have loved the plays of Saoli Mitra, Swatilekha Sengupta, Rudraprasad Sengupta, Manoj Mitra, Bratya Basu, Kaushik Sen and Bibhas Chakraborty. I wish, I could see live performances of Utpal Dutt and Sombhu Mitra.Is there any difference between the way India and Bangladesh approaches theatre?Theatre in Bengal is still very acting driven. We are trying to experiment in terms of design by merging idiom used in folk and urban performance arts. That trend hasn't yet kicked off in Bengal yet. I wish we could stage an Indo-Bangla collaborative theatre production that will see a marriage of great acting and experimentation with form. It would be ideal if we can stage Tagore's \"Raja\" or \"Dak Ghar\" in this format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12630203", "title": "Indonesia trembles, India does the drill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The earthquake off the western coast of Indonesia generated a serious tsunami scare on India's east coasts for over four hours. But, it turned out to be an opportunity for a 'real-time' drill for the disaster response and warning system.The Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS) quickly provided details of the quake and posted a series of alerts. It issued the more serious \"warning\" notifications for some locations in Andaman and Nicobar, while most mainland coastal areas were placed on \"alert\". INCOIS posted the earthquake as \"massive\".Alerts issued by the ministry of earth sciences and the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) soon after the tremor along northern Sumatra were later withdrawn, with government ruling out the likelihood of a tsunami. Initial reports had suggested a strong possibility of the earthquake 33 km beneath the sea triggering a tsunami.As the tsunami failed to appear, the alerts were downscaled but the event put the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), army, IAF, Coast Guard and civil authorities in coastal states on their toes and tested the disaster response systems put in place after the devastation caused by the tsunami in 2004.\"It gave us a real drill kind of situation where we put our system in place and took all precautions as per standard operating procedures,\" said NDMA vice-chairman M Shashidhar Reddy.Even as states put out tsunami warnings across eastern coast, the government placed six battalions of the NDRF on alert here to be flown to the Andamans in case of emergency and positioned another six teams in Chennai and 15 in Guntur.\"These teams have not been activated as the threat of a tsunami has dissipated,\" said K M Singh, a member of NDMA. The quick response was a good sign that the early responses devised to alert Indian Ocean nations are working, unlike in 2004.Reddy told TOI that although the tsunami possibility is virtually ruled out; concerned authorities have not lowered their guard yet.After the first quake, experts expected two-metre high waves to hit India, but that didn't happen and an insignificant rise was recorded along the islands. The initial projections issued by the Indian Tsunami Early Warning Centre (ITEWC) showed the tidal waves triggered by the quake hitting parts of Nicobar, Komatra and Katchal minutes after it struck the region at 2:08 pm IST.Union home secretary R K Singh, who reviewed the situation in the aftermath of the quake, said there was no cause for panic and the government was ready to deal with any eventuality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12636777", "title": "Software engineer's job best: Study", "text": "NEW YORK: A reporter's job figures among the ten worst professions, alongside the likes of butchers, waiters and dishwashers, as per a new study by the US-based consultancy CareerCast, which has named a software engineer's occupation as the best for the year 2012.The annual study has ranked a total of 200 jobs from best to worst on the basis of five core criteria such as physical demands, work environment, income, stress and hiring outlook.It mostly covered the jobs in the US and is based on data from the US Bureau of Labour Statistics and other government agencies.The job of a software engineer has topped the list in the best jobs category, followed by actuary, human resources manager, dental hygienist and financial planner.Software engineers earn a median income of more than $ 88,000 with few physical demands and minimal stress, it noted.The report further said that those in the top categories earn between $68,000 to $104,000 annually (Rs 30-50 lakh a year).Among the ten worst jobs, the study has named a newspaper reporter's occupation at the fifth position, after that of a lumberjack, dairy farmer, enlisted military soldier and oil rig worker.Others in the ten worst jobs for 2012 include waiter/ waitress, meter reader, dishwasher, butcher and broadcaster.\"As the digital world continues to take over and provide on-demand information, the need for print newspapers and daily newscasts is diminishing. To be sure, both jobs once seemed glamorous, but on-the-job stress, declining job opportunities and income levels are what landed them on our worst Jobs list,\" the report noted.The study has also listed out ten most stressful jobs and none of these occupations figure in the list of ten best jobs.CareerCast has ranked enlisted soldier, firefighter, airline pilot, military general, police officer, event coordinator, public relations executive, senior corporate executive, photo-journalist and taxi driver among the most stressful jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630877", "title": "State's first entomology lab set up in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Health department in the city would soon be able to determine which mosquito threatens the most, its habitat, how much blood it sucks, when it bites and against which agents it has developed immunity. A new entomology laboratory, a first in the state to study the insects scientifically, has been set up in Bhopal for better surveillance on vector-borne diseases.\"With no region-specific studies with the health department till date, it has not been able determine the spread of malaria and other vector-borne disease,\" said district malaria officer (DMO) Dr Padmakar Tripati. The entomology laboratory would determine various factors related to the spread of malaria including disease agents, animal hosts and environmental factors. The new laboratory is located in the office of the district medical officer (DMO).\"Elisa laboratory is for vector borne diseases like dengue, chikungunya , visceral leishmaniasis (black fever), Japanese encephalitis and filarial,\" said DMO Dr Padmakar Tripati. \"Protocols for the same have been sent to all chief medical and health officers in the state and we are well-equipped to handle the tests,\" he added.Currently, the health authorities refer to at least 50-year old studies of habitat indulgences of the mosquitoes. \"Set up for controlling various mosquito-borne diseases would be modified after new data and research are conducted,\" said Dr Tripati.Technicians from the entomology laboratory would carry out studies in identified areas and check susceptibility of mosquitoes. \"On an average, a mosquito lays about four times in its 21-day life cycle. A mosquito can lay as many as many as 50 eggs at a time,\" said laboratory technician Abnejan Minj.Hopefully, the entomology wing after conducting outbreak investigations would be able to pin-point the incriminating vector and suggest specific control activities. \"We can also determine if the mosquito prefers to suck blood of animals or humans,\" added Minj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629418", "title": "No bar on migration of skilled workers: UK", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UK government on Wednesday allayed fears on its new migration policy, saying its decision was not meant to close doors on skilled workers from other countries. \"We will continue to welcome those who can fill gaps in the labour market which can't be filled by UK residents,\" British high commissioner to India, James Bevan CMG, said.Reacting to a recent TOI report on the new regulation curbing job prospects of Indian students, he clarified, \"Students who wish to work in the UK after graduating will continue to be able to do so provided they have a graduate-level job.\" He said though Britain is committed to reducing net migration to the UK, it is equally committed to welcome legitimate visitors, students and business travellers. In fact, the UK government, he said, had last week announced that the annual limit for skilled migrants would remain at its present level for the next two years.James Bevan said, \"Ten years ago, some 14,000 came to Britain. In 2011, it was more than twice that number. We issued visas to 31,000 Indian students - 75% of those who applied.\"On business visas, he said, \"We have not set a limit on Indians coming to the UK under intra-company transfers (where a company based in India wishes to send a staff member to work for the company in the UK). We listened to the views of Indian business in framing this approach. Last year, we issued 15,300 work and intra-company transfer visas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631326", "title": "KEM doctors use injection to fix aortal pseudoaneurysm", "text": "Indore shopkeeper Mustanseer Bohra is supremely impressed with KEM Hospital, the city's premier medical school in Parel. As far as the 41-year-old is concerned, KEM Hospital doctors \"fixed a blood-spewing boil\" in his chest. What KEM doctors actually did was to daringly rescue Bohra during a medical emergency that developed when an aneurysm in his aorta started leaking.Most important, the doctors didn't use expensive consumables but a simple injection with glue to save Bohra's life. \"Actually, Bohra had a pseudoaneurysm or a false aneurysm because of an operation he underwent a year ago,\" said Dr Hemant Deshmukh, head of KEM Hospital's radiology department who operated on Bohra along with Dr Krantikumar Rathod on April 4.In May 2011, doctors in Indore had replaced Bohra's poorly functioning aortic and mitral valves that control blood flow. As is the practice during such a valve operation, the doctors had inserted a cannula or tube to route the blood flow during the surgery's duration. But the site where the cannula was fitted to the aorta never healed. In January, it started oozing blood with a raw external wound as well. \"When Bohra came to us, we found a 7x7cm pseudoaneurysm in his sternal breastbone) area,\" said Dr Deshmukh. As he had just had a bi-valve surgery, doctors ruled out the gold standard method of surgery to fix his bleeding pseudoaneurysm.The team tried to fix a special graft that is normally used to shut out such aneurysms.\"As this failed, we devised a novel way,\" said Dr Deshmukh, who specializes in interventional radiology. The team decided to inject Thrombin, a clotting agent, and N-Butyl Cyno Acrylate (NBCA)-also called super glue-to close the pinhole. \"We approached the pinhole through the right arm artery with a small micro-catheter with a diameter of 0.67mm,\" the team said.The medical fraternity outside KEM Hospital is quick to point out that the method cannot be used all the time.\"There was a risk of Thrombin entering the blood in the aorta. It could have caused a clot,\" said a doctor who didn't want to be identified. The country's senior-most vascular surgeon who is based in Trivandrum, Dr K Neelakandhan, said, \"Classically, doctors would operate on such a pseudoaneurysm, but as this patient had a recent surgery they obviously had to innovate.\" Bohra, on his part, can't stop smiling. He had excruciating pain and could barely walk a few steps without feeling breathless. \"Now, I can feel no pain and can walk freely,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12635421", "title": "Waterbearers - A show of of hope and optimism", "text": "Divya Thakur and Nazneen Jehangir's exhibition 'Waterbearers' celebrates how our city prevails despite the scarcity of water, writes Debarati S SenWith the help of floral installations and free-standing architectural forms, Divya Thakur and Nazneen Jehangir explore water - its scarcity and preciousness, while also examining its metaphoric context in cities. Their show aptly titled Waterbearers is a collection of floral installations and archival prints. Everyday-waterbearers like storage cans, pots, basins, tanks, drainage pipes have been transformed into decorative objects and art installations that hold flowers that have been sourced from exquisite locations all over the world.\"Each of their piece of art has a print as well, so that it can live on much later even after the flowers wither\", says Divya. She has used copper pipes and made them into innovative flower holders. \"My favourite is the bicycle installation. They are usually kept horizontal and move the same way but I have turned it around and placed it vertical. I just wanted to show that despite all odds we prevail,\" says Divya.There are three categories of installations. The first one is 'Rescued Objects' - These are objects rescued from antique markets within the city, the second is 'Found Objects' - Everyday objects sourced from local markets and repurposed for use in contemporary homes and the third is objects specially created from copper and mild steel pipes. The show comprises thirty floral installations that come with signed prints. While the collection is on display across Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, and Bangalore, the floral installations are available only in Mumbai.The exhibition is on at Design Temple, 32 Mereweather Road, No 2 Churchill Chambers, Colaba Mumbai till April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12631247", "title": "Pak N-arsenal is developing rapidly: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Estimated to have more nuclear weapons than India, Pakistan is rapidly developing and expanding its atomic arsenal, spending about $2.5 billion a year to develop such weapons, a report 'Assuring Destruction Forever : Nuclear Modernization Around the World' has said.Pakistan is estimated to have 90-110 nuclear weapons.\"A long-term concern driving the programme is US policy of countering the rise of China by cultivating a stronger strategic relationship with India. This may tie the future of Pakistan and India's nuclear weapons to the emerging contest between the US and China,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629295", "title": "Audi overtakes Mercedes to No. 2 slot in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: After losing the crown of top luxury carmaker in India to BMW in 2009, Mercedes Benz has now seen fellow German company Audi overtake it to occupy second spot.Mercedes, despite being the first of the three German luxury makers to set foot in India, has been hit hard by aggressive competition after BMW and Audi entered the market and launched locally-made products.According to data accessed by TOI, Mercedes sold 2,130 units in the first quarter of 2012 against 2,269 units sold by Audi. BMW stayed in the lead, selling 2,369 vehicles in January-March 2012.While BMW and Audi started their operations in India only in 2007, Mercedes has been present in the market for almost 15 years. The company, however, has seen demand for its products dwindle after rivals started expanding their reach and launching new products, especially in the entry-luxury segment.Mercedes, however, did not read too much in the numbers and blamed 'corporate edition' variants offered by BMW and Audi -- cheaper but with some frills missing -- for their rising volumes. \"Our customers do not compromise, and 'strip down' models are not for them,\" said Debasis Mitra, sales &amp; marketing director of Mercedes Benz India. \"We are not selling commodity but luxury. Numbers are not the prime focus today.\"Market analysts said contemporary styling as well as a younger buyer profile have been behind the rise of BMW and Audi. \"The customer sees them as more contemporary brands, with more products. BMW and Audi have created multiple sub-segments within the luxury car market and this has worked to their advantage,\" said Abdul Majeed, who tracks the auto segment at PricewaterhouseCoopers India.Majeed said unlike Mercedes, both BMW and Audi have been aggressive on product strategy.The entry-level corporate editions of models like BMW 3-series and Audi A4 have helped both companies gain higher volumes in the market. While BMW has a mini SUV in the X1 that accounts for a big part of its sales, Audi too is close to launching a rival in the Q3 mini SUV. Mercedes, however, does not have a comparable product globally as yet, though it is developing one.\"We have the right building blocks in place and are confident of maintaining our momentum in the market,\" Audi India head Michael Perschke said. Audi, he said, is not only expanding its product portfolio but also opening dealerships in newer cities. \"Our plan is to open one new outlet every five-six weeks. We will be entering cities like Coimbatore, Nagpur, Goa and Lucknow as we get deeper into India.\"Mercedes has chalked out an ambitious plan that includes launching two new models every year and pumping in nearly Rs 1,000 crore in fresh investment. One of its aims is to develop a fresh and youthful branding.\"We are firmly moving as per our strategy and have plans to get back at rivals strongly,\" Mitra said. \"We are leading in most of the categories where we all compete, and it is just the absence of the mini SUV that makes a difference in overall volumes. The real test will be when we have a similar product in our kitty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631682", "title": "Chasing their dreams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The world still belongs to dreamers\" is what they believe in. Convinced that the most crucial social need is to inspire and give direction to youngsters to do good, this group of youngsters has vowed to inspire others to follow their dreams. Students of Punjab Engineering College (PEC) University of Technology, they are now trying to bring together the best of speakers from different fields to organize TEDxPEC, an international event, which has been earlier hosted by premier institutes like Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata, Kanpur and Bangalore. This time it will be held on April 13 on PEC campus.Getting together experts from three fields - Technology, Entertainment and Design (TED) - in their grand event, the aim of these students is to get connected globally through technology.\"The most interesting part is that the speakers being invited by us will create awareness among budding engineers on their future in different industries. It brings together the world's most fascinating thinkers and doers,\" says curator of the event, Tanya Malik, a PEC student.From inviting the first westerner, who is an Islamic scholar from Darul Uloom Deoband, John Butt, who is also a BBC World service presenter to Ashok Balyan, the CEO of a leading petrochemical company, the star-studded speakers' list is all set to dazzle the stage.\"Behind our venture is an idea that ideas themselves are bulletproof. It is so important to share and discuss innovative ideas related to any field. We believe that collective intellect will always be more than individual intellect. We wanted to engage in creative dialogue and discussions and our event will dish out enough food for thought for everyone,\" says Amandeep Singh, co-organizer of the event.\"The whole idea behind having TedxPEC event is to bring together speakers who have excelled in various fields and they can enlighten and inspire students to pursue their dreams and distinguish themselves tin their field they choose. We believe in the famous quote that the world still belongs to the dreamer,\" says Nitesh Singh, a member of the team.The other speakers invited by the team include Lalit Das, a leading design engineers in the country and alumnus of Royal College of Arts, London; Srijan Pal Singh, Officer on Special Duty and Adviser to Dr A P J Abdul Kalam, along with Vikas Pawar and Akash Gautam, as guest speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12636317", "title": "Karnataka CM cancels foreign tour, says did not act under pressure", "text": "BANGALORE: Apparently stung by BJP strongman B S Yeddyurappa's criticism on him planning a foreign tour when the state is facing drought,chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda cancelled his April 16 trip,but said he was not under pressure to do so from anybody and had acted on his 'inner voice.'\"I decided against the foreign tour not under pressure from anybody in the party. My inner voice is my advisor and I take decisions listening to it. Nobody else advises me,\"he told reporters on the sidelines of 47th convocation of Bangalore University.The remark comes in the wake of Yeddyurappa's statement in Gulbarga suggesting Gowda cancel the foreign tour when the state is reeling under drought. Gowda was scheduled to go on a foreign tour from April 16 to attract investors in Karnataka.Gowda also said he didn't want to react to media reports claiming he took decisions on others advise.About the decision of the Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to release 2 TMC water from Dudhganga and Varuna, Gowda said \"this will mitigate the drinking water scarcity in North Karnataka.\"Gowda also said he has sent a letter to the revenue department to settle payment issues with Maharashtra over release of water from their side.On governor H R Bharadwaj abstaining from BU convocation, Gowda said he has left for neighbouring Kerala for some urgent work \"as he is governor of both states.Gowda said he was unaware of the Governor reportedly rejecting the list of people to be conferred with honorary doctorates.University officials said the list was rejected as it had 'procedural flaws'. As per rules, bio data of all those in the list has to be collated and their profiles scrutinised by the university syndicate. The syndicate will then approve a final list that will be recommended to the governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629996", "title": "Social worker Rewatkar threatened to kill me, alleges Homeopath college trustee", "text": "NAGPUR: The management of Nagpur College of Homeopathy, which has been embroiled with several controversies in recent years, has added another one to the list.Trustee of the college GD Panpaliya has written a letter to social worker Nutan Rewatkar, who is in-charge of the family planning unit run in the college under the state family welfare department, alleging her of several misconducts including threatening to kill him. The letter has been signed by the college's principal Dr RR Balpande along with Panpaliya and has corporator Dhuneshwar Pethe as a witness to one such instance. Both these people, however, have refused the knowledge of any of the allegations made in the letter.\"I have not signed any letter complaining against Nutan. The signature in the letter is definitely not mine,\" said Dr Balpande. Pethe has been quoted in the letter as being witness to the incident when Rewatkar threatened the trustee and the principal to burn them alive if they failed to reduce the college fees. Pethe also refused having heard any such thing said by Rewatkar, who is also the president of city's women wing of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).The letter goes on about the way in which Rewatkar has been using her clout to bully the college management. It says that she keeps on interfering with the matters of the college, forgetting that she is not a part of the college but a government servant. It also says that whenever the management tries to stand up to her bullying ways, she threatens to go to the police and falsely frame the two men for sexual harassment.\"I understand that I am a government servant but I am also a social worker. The students and staff of the college are a harassed bunch. If they come to me with some problem, I can't turn my eyes away. I have only stood up against the wrong things happening in the college,\" Rewatkar clarified.She said that the allegations have come after she questioned the management about the unpaid salaries of the staff of the centre she runs. \"The staff of the centre has not received salary for the last six months. There are no attendants and the nurses have to double up as attendants as well. I asked Panpaliya to look into these matters and the letter arrived soon after,\" she said.Panpaliya confirmed having sent the letter and complained that Rewatkar being a government servant should not be in politics. \"She is an employee and still continues to use her political weight for doing several wrong things, including threatening many of the college's authoritative figures. I stand by all the allegations I have leveled against her and have forwarded the letter to the several police officers, including the commissioner as she is capable of acting out the threat,\" he said.On the outstanding salary of the staffers, Panpaliya said that the college had to face a huge financial loss in the past year. \"We do not have enough money to pay our employees. These employees will get their salaries when we get the funds from the state department in Pune,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12633889", "title": "Rituparna Sengupta in a new role", "text": "Draped in the whole six yards, she has turned many heads - both on screen and off it. And, if all goes well, Rituparna Sengupta will soon be the brand ambassador of Banglar taant. On the cards is also modernization of textiles from Bengal and turning these earnest designs to reality would be none other than Agnimitra Paul.Manas Bhunia, Minister for Small &amp; Micro Industries and Textile, Government of West Bengal , told CT, \"We've asked Agnimitra to submit her proposals for the improvement of textiles from Bengal. She had many a positive suggestion and once the report reaches us, we'll take it up from there. About Rituparna, we want her to be the ambassador for Banglar taanter sari. A formal proposal will be sent to her.\"Excited about her new role, Rituparna said, \"I feel honoured. Taant is what Bengal is so wellknown for and there can be nothing better than representing your roots.\" Agnimitra, who met Bhunia at a seminar on textiles at Milan Mela some time back, is looking forward to supporting artisans in Bengal. \"There's a lot to do with textiles. For instance, Baluchori is stuck in a time warp. The designs are age-old and apart from playing around with sari pallus, little has been done so far. Why just treat it like a wedding trousseau? Why not wear it in style at a Bollywood cocktail party?\"The designer, who will start working on a project report on textiles in Bengal, also feels that much more can be done with jute and Murshidabadi silk. \"Today, 100% cotton has become so expensive. If treated properly, jute can give competition to linen. One can use it in furnishings as well. From research to production to marketing - there's room for improvement in every possible area.\"As a parting shot, Agnimitra added, \"If Catherine Zeta-Jones can walk the red carpet at the Oscars in a silk-georgette gown, she can even flaunt a Baluchori dress. You need to market it properly abroad .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12629943", "title": "Sharp increase in Haryana\u2019s debt liability", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite all economic growth, debt liability is increasing sharply in Haryana.Latest figures provided by highly-placed sources in government have revealed that debt liability increased by 128% from 23,319 crore to 53,132 crore during past 7 years, after the present Congress government led by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda assumed the charge in 2005. This trend of debt liability is continuing from the previous Chautala government when it increased by 135% from Rs 9,913 crore of 1999 to 23,319 crore in 2005.Terming the state's financial condition as \"fragile\", former chief minister Om Parkash Chautala has recently maintained that the government has a huge debt burden and it should release a white paper on the development works carried by it in last 6 years and also to provide information about the future projects which it is likely to take up. Chautala has also expressed concern over delay in disbursing the salaries of the government employees this month.The present loan repayment was Rs 53,132 crore which reflects 127.89 % increase during 2005-12, whereas it was Rs 23,319 crore which reflected 135.24% during 1999-2005.However, Sampat Singh, who was the finance minister during Chautala's regime, said, \"Debts of the state government are within the limits and there is no need of concern about income and development.\" Sampat Singh said the situation has improved in last 7 years in comparison to his tenure as the finance minister. \"Gross state domestic product (GSDP) increased by 114% from Rs 43,646 crore to 93,623 crore during 1999 to 2005 and by 230% from Rs 9,33623 crore to 3,09326 crore during 2005-12,\" he added.\"The main point of consideration was that whether these debts were adding to infrastructure development, impetus to trade and business, industrial development and income generation in the state. In the current year, 41.35% of the total expenditure would be incurred on social sector, social justice, education, including technical education, health services including education and drinking water. For infrastructure development, irrigation, power, roads and road transport 28.66 per cent of the total expenditure would be incurred. In comparison to these figures, we had only spent 21.80% for social sector and 17.14% for infrastructure development in the year 2004-05,\" said Sampat Singh, who is at present a Congress MLA from Nalwa .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12635720", "title": "Huawei launches Honor &amp; Ideos X5 smartphones in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Huawei has announced the launch of Honor and the improved version of Ideos X5 smartphones in the Indian market.Running on Google Android Gingerbread, Huawei Honor features a 1,900 mAh battery, promising upto 9 hours of talk time, 6 hours of gaming and 10 hours of video.Featuring a 4-inch scratch resistant Gorilla glass and FWVGA display with 245 pixels per inch (PPI), Huawei Honor has a textured scratch-proof back.With a 1.4 GHz processor and a gyroscope, Huawei Honor packs an 8 megapixel AF rear camera with HDR, allowing users to capture pictures in ultra-bright and low lights. There's also a front camera for video chatting and 720P video recording and playback features.The phone is also DLNA-certified, which means it can play content wirelessly on other DLNA-certified devices such as digital cameras, game consoles and TVs.The phone will also let users blacklist and whitelist calls or protect their SMS from unauthorized use. Honor comes with a lock screen that has a built-in quick launch to the camera, SMS and phone apps.The phone also bundles an app called 'Data Traffic Manager' which lets users to set their monthly data package budget and offers an overview of data consumption over 2G/3G, WiFi networks and the apps consuming traffic. The phone is priced at Rs 19,990 (approximately).The Chinese phone maker has also launched an upgraded and improved version of Ideos X5 with Cloud features, a 1Ghz faster processor, FM Radio and 14.4 Mpbs faster download speeds.Priced at Rs 13,800, the new Ideos X5 offers 16GB Cloud space to store images, music and books. With Phone Finder, users can remotely locate phone or lock, backup or delete data to prevent phone from unauthorized use. Huawei Ideos X5 comes with a 5 megapixel camera with LED flash and ability to capture 720P high definition HD videos.Featuring a 3.8-inch WVGA capacitive touch display with multi touch support, Huawei Ideos X5 comes with 1500mAh battery which according to company promises a good standby and talk time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629026", "title": "SC asks Telecom Watchdog to explain U-turn on Maran", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought an explanation from the NGO Telecom Watchdog for the recent U-turn on its persistent demand for CBI investigations into ex-telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran's role in the alleged coercive transfer of Sivashankaran's stake in Aircel to Malaysia-based Maxis group and post-transfer showering of official favours followed by the foreign entity's quid pro quo.The court had asked the CBI to investigate into the Aircel controversy as well as the alleged irregularities in the spectrum allocation during the NDA regime on a plea by the NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL). But, the CBI on Wednesday moved an application saying, Telecom Watchdog secretary Anil Kumar , who had also demanded probe against Maran, had now written to the CBI director giving a clean chit to Maran.Moving the application, senior advocate K K Venugopal told a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan that on February 6 Kumar wrote to the CBI director saying Maran was innocent in the deal and that Sivashankaran was a fraud. The counsel said this could be an attempt to interfere in the court- monitored investigations.The bench went through the contents of the letter and issued notice to Kumar asking him to file an affidavit within a week explaining why he made an attempt to give a clean chit to Maran and also wrote an article in a magazine with identical content.\"After going through the contents of the letter, we direct Anil Kumar, secretary of Telecom Watchdog, to file an affidavit and disclose why on February 6, 2012, he wrote a letter to the CBI director virtually exonerating Maran and accusing Sivashankaran, who was shown as a victim in an earlier application,\" the bench said.Venugopal said apart from interference in the court-monitored probe, Kumar's letter also reflected the so-called public interest being espoused by the NGO. This would leave Kumar with a lot of explaining to do to bridge the gap between his previous action on the controversy and his present conduct, especially when the agency was in the last lap of completing the probe into the Aircel row.The other NGO CPIL had filed documents drawing court's attention to the inordinate delay - from 2004 to 2006 - in the department of telecom in entertaining the Sivasankaran-owned firm's repeated pleas for grant of mobile service licences.\"Aircel's owner Sivasankaran had been writing to Maran to resolve the issue, but nothing actually moved. Feeling harassed, Sivasankaran was forced into selling Aircel at a discounted price. In March, 2006, Maxis group owned by Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan bought 74% stake in Aircel. The company got FIPB approval in May, 2006,\" it had said.\"In November 2006, DoT issued 14 LoIs to Aircel, and all of them were converted into licences in December 2006. Within three months of this, Maran's family-owned business (Sun TV) received substantial investment from Maxis group (Aircel) by taking just 20% equity in Sun Direct which had not much business at that time,\" the petitioner had alleged.Maxis group invested a total of Rs 599.01 crore in Sun Direct between December, 2007, and December, 2009, in addition to another investment of Rs 111 crore in the FM radio operations controlled by the Maran group, it had alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12631844", "title": "Doctors urge nurses to resume work", "text": "COIMBATORE: On Wednesday, the fifth day of the nurses' strike at PSG Hospital, doctors voiced their support for the hospital management, conducting a press meet where they urged nurses to rejoin duty to facilitate a negotiated settlement. However, the standoff between nurses and management of PSG Hospital continued unabated, further paralyzing the normal functioning of the hospital, with the agitating nurses going on a day-long fast demanding better wages and working conditions.Over 450 nurses gathered in front of the main hospital building on Wednesday morning to organize the fast, which continued till late evening. The nurses have made it clear that they will not resume work without an assurance from the management regarding wage revision, keeping in tune with inflation and growing price rise. They also flayed the management for issuing notices to the striking nurses to vacate the hospital hostel. Leaders of various political and trade unions assured them full support. The nurses broke their fast in the evening drinking lemon juice provided by Periyar Dravida Kazhagam leader K Ramakrishnan.Senior doctors at the hospital met media persons at Coimbatore Press Club and spoke about the issue.\"We are not against peaceful protests. Nor do we have any qualms about nurses getting reasonable demands met. But only negotiations can resolve the issue. Boycotting work thereby denying treatment to patients boils down to violation of ethics and professional integrity,\" said the team of doctors led by surgery department head Dr Premkumar. Along with fellow doctors Ramanathan, Pavai and Rakumar, he told media persons that the nurses were least concerned about the safety of their patients. \"Those in the medical field must not deny treatment to patients. There are various modes of peaceful agitation that will not disrupt the normal functioning of the hospital. If nurses resorted to such methods, doctors would surely support them,\" he added.\"Despite their threats, the management is running the hospital with senior nurses, the nursing faculty of its nursing college and senior doctors. Patients have not been compromised in any way,'' said Premkumar. Even while making it clear they were not echoing the sentiments of management, the doctors said the management was open to dialogue provided the nurses return to work. The doctors revealed that their attempts to mediate between management and nurses had failed as the nurses were not willing to compromise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12630234", "title": "Security guard shoots self", "text": "GURGAON: A 45-year-old gunman shot himself with his double-barrel gun on Tuesday night. According to the police, Ajay Pal, native of Etah in Uttar Pradesh, was working as gunman with a Gurgaon-based security agency, I-tech security, for some time. The agency had deployed him in a building at Plot No. 1780 in Sector 52 for the protection of certain items in the building.Sources said that some of the items were stolen on Monday. On Tuesday afternoon agency executives went to the building and chided the gunman, Ajay Pal, and gave him a warning. The gunman was also stripped of his arms licence. A police officer said that on Wednesday morning they got information that the guard was dead after having shot himself. \"We have informed his family members in his native place and they had come to Gurgaon to receive his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12632198", "title": "Smoking in Mysore zoo will burn a hole in your wallet", "text": "MYSORE: Smokers, beware. The authorities at Mysore zoo will slap a visitor up to Rs 200 fine if (S)he is caught smoking tobacco inside the premises. There is general notification to ban smoking in public offices and facilities, but the zoo, of late, has taken it seriously.Executive director of the zoo is strict on this, and recently, the staff attached to the facility were fined for violating the regulation. They were caught red-handed by the head, a staff said.Mysore zoo authorities have decided to strictly say 'no' to smoking inside the premises. Irritating smoke and carelessly thrown cigarette butts will no longer bother either the visitors or the animals. Officials have been penalizing the smokers, but it is being implemented strictly in the recent times. Zoo staff have been directed to keep an eye on people enjoying a puff while going around the zoo, which is premium green lung of the city.Signboards have also been put up at prominent places in the zoo, asking the people not to smoke.Lokesh, a heavy smoker, says though he smokes tobacco at regular intervals, he doesn't feel like smoking inside the facility because of its serene and salubrious atmosphere. He has visited the zoo several times, but had not smoked tobacco inside \"even once\", said the youth, who is in mid-20's.The century-year-old zoo, spread across 79 acres and housing nearly 1,450 animals of 170 different species, including exotic ones, of late has been pulling crowds in big numbers. The total length of the zoo's pathway is 3.2 km. In the previous fiscal, it attracted over 3 million visitors, perhaps the highest by any zoo in India. Executive director B P Ravi told TOI that there is a standing instruction to ban smoking in all public facilities, and it is being strictly followed here too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629827", "title": "Pick-up vehicle overturns, 19 pilgrims injured", "text": "KANPUR: A pick-up vehicle carrying 19 pilgrims overturned at Minda Quan in Rasoolabad area on Wednesday afternoon. The pilgrims were returning from 'Urs' from Makanpur Sharif in Billhaur area. Few among them are seriously injured. All the injured have been admitted to the district hospital.The cops at the Rasoolabad police station told that all the pilgrims hailed from Tingai village in Rura and they were on their way back home when the incident took place. The pilgrims with major injuries who have been admitted to district hospital are Meraj, Rajjab, Parvez, Hazrat Ali , Imran, Naushad, Manzoor Ali, Noor Mohd, Naseem, Mohd Shafi, Nazim Ali, Qayyum, Jaleel, Ejaz, Tasleem, Ashfaque and Nazim. Ishaque and his wife Guddi, who stay in New Delhi's Uttam Nagar were also among the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629671", "title": "Nonadanga evictees on fast, govt goes slow", "text": "KOLKATA: Families evicted from Nonadanga went on a hunger strike on Wednesday, prompting the government to go slow, at least for the time being. Following the change in the mode of protest, the police did not take any action against the protestors. They were present at the spot, but did not crack down on those on hunger strike.\"The agitation will continue till the government takes a positive step,\" said Amitava Bhattacharya, general secretary of Mazdoor Kranti Parishad, who is playing an active role in the movement.Also, police are under tremendous public pressure after the agitators and many rights activists placed documentary evidence in support of scientist Partha Sarathi Ray, arrested in connection with Nonadanga agitation.An assistant professor of Indian Institute of Science Education and Research - an institute under the ministry of human resource development ( MHRD), Ray was not present at Nonadanga or at Ruby Crossing on April 4 afternoon when police stopped the rally of the activists.His colleagues placed documents showing that Ray was at Kalyani University - nearly 70 km from the agitation site. Members of the Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR), along with other activists, have launched a signature campaign demanding Ray's release.United Students Democratic Front, a students' outfit, also claimed that arrested Abhijnan Sarkar and Debjani Ghosh were nowhere near the agitation site on that afternoon.DC (south-east) Basab Dasgupta, however, refused to comment on the issue. On Thursday, all the seven arrested activists will be produced at Alipore court. To protest their arrest, APDR has decided to take out a rally from Hazra to Alipore court in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630043", "title": "Bank to pay Rs 40K for charging more on loan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum ordered a bank to pay Rs 40,000 as compensation to a Kandivli resident for asking him to pay Rs 30,000 extra even after he paid the entire home loan amount.On January 18, 2000, Citibank approved Mahendra Mehta's home loan of Rs 2.23 lakh. The loan was granted at an interest rate of 14.6% and the monthly installment was Rs 4,241. It was to be repaid over a 21-month period and Mehta submitted the requisite documents to the bank. According to Mehta, he paid all the installments on time. However, the bank sought an additional three months' installments amounting to Rs 12,723. He paid the amount.Mehta alleged that on March 22, 2007, he received a notice from the bank stating that he still had to pay back Rs 30,000. On April 2, 2007, Mehta sent the bank his reply and said there was no such outstanding amount on the loan. He also sent the bank an email and sought a refund of the excess amount of Rs 12,723, along with interest. The bank did not return the amount. In June 2007, the bank sent Mehta another letter, stating that the monthly installment was Rs 4,366 and not Rs 4,241 and hence, he had to pay an additional Rs 30,000. Mehta then sent the bank a notice through his lawyer and said that he would not pay this amount and once again, sought a refund of the three extra installments paid.On March 3, 2008, Mehta filed a complaint in the forum. The bank filed its reply and said that since the RBI had hiked loan rates, Mehta's monthly installment was also increased. Itargued that Mehta had availed a floating interest loan and not one on fixed interest and hence there was a change in the interest rate. With respect to Rs 12,723, the bank said that the installments of January 2002, July 2002 and August 2002 were not paid.The forum said the loan approval order proved that the interest on the loan was 14.6% and the installment was Rs 4,241 and there was no mention of floating interest in the order. This established the bank's version as false and dishonest. The forum stated that had the loan approval order mentioned floating interest between 2002 to 2007, the bank would have changed interest rates and not accepted just Rs 4,241 from Mehta. The forum held the bank guilty of deficiency in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "12629143", "title": "Tribal bodies want Adivasi leader as 13th President", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Tribal organizations are looking forward to seeing a tribal leader become the next President of India. The tribal leaders of the Indian Confederation of Indigenous Tribal People (ICITP), Indigenous World Forum on Water and Peace (IWFWP) of Victoria and Canada, and United People's Forum of Assam (UPFA) are campaigning in New Delhi to pressurize mainstream political leaders to consider nominating a suitable tribal leader for the post of President of India.A delegation of the tribal bodies led by ICITP (NEZ) president Jebra Ram Mashahary and general secretary Sanmoni Kemprai recently met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi and submitted a memorandum urging him to nominate a tribal leader for the post of the 13th President of India. \"In India's 65 years of independence, we have had Muslim, Sikh and Scheduled Caste President from the minority section of society, but the people of India have never had a President, Vice-President or Prime Minister from the Adivasis (Indigenous and Tribal Peoples) of this country,\" the memorandum said.It added, \"We, as the weakest section of the society, have been neglected, suppressed, oppressed, marginalized and exploited over the years even though we have been contributing equally to the nation-building process\".\"We strongly feel that the national political parties must give a chance to a capable person belonging to Adivasi community as they are equally eligible to compete for the top posts to serve the nation. However, the Adivasis (Indigenous and Tribal Peoples) have been colonized, dominated, exploited, suppressed, oppressed and politically marginalized by the privileged section of the society in every respect,\" the ICITP leaders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12631156", "title": "Santorum bows out, it\u2019s Romney vs Obama now", "text": "WASHINGTON: Rick Santorum , the conservative Republican aspirant for the party ticket to challenge president Barack Obama in the presidential elections in November this year, dropped out of the race on Tuesday, leaving the field clear for the more moderate Mitt Romney to challenge the Democratic incumbent.Santorum, a former senator from Pennsylvania, doggedly trailed frontrunner Romney for months in the long-drawn nomination process before he ran out of money and momentum, even as medical issues relating to his daughter forced him to announce a \"suspension\" of his campaign. Other challengers for the party ticket, notably former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, are still nominally in the race, but Romney is now so far ahead that his nailing the party ticket is a foregone conclusion.Santorum chose the historic Civil War town of Gettysburg, famous for Abraham Lincoln's historic address, to make a rambling speech throwing in the towel. Although he admitted \"this presidential race for us is over\", and his campaign was suspended with immediate effect, he insisted \"we are not done fighting\". It was an oblique reference - and a message to his supporters - that he expected to force some of his agenda and their concerns on to the Romney manifesto, capitalizing on the 11 states which he won in the primaries and caucuses. He ignored questions about his future plans and whether he would endorse Romney.Romney proceeded to issue a generous statement praising Santorum although the two men lacerated each other in the primaries. \"Sen Santorum is an able and worthy competitor, and I congratulate him on the campaign he ran. He has proven himself to be an important voice in our party and in the nation,\" Romney said.Jindal puts weight behind RomneyBobby Jindal and Nikki Haley, the two Indian-American governors of Louisiana and South Carolina respectively, have made CBS News' short-list of Mitt Romney's vice-presidential running mates. The Romney campaign says it is too early to talk about who will join the ticket. Jindal had endorsed Rick Perry, governor of Texas, early in the campaign and had remained neutral until Santorum dropped, after which he threw his support behind Romney. Haley had backed Romney even earlier. Still, the fact that two governors of Indian origin (itself quite a feat) figure in conversations for an office that is famously said to be a heartbeat away from the US presidency is quite remarkable.-- TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12630692", "title": "Spell of rain showers happiness", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even though it remained sunny throughout the day, strong winds and then a spell of rainfall in the evening cooled the residents off. The agro-meteorologist at PAU had already suggested that there were chances of rain.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at PAU, said, ''The high-speed winds and light rainfall occurred due north westerly disturbance. The cloudy conditions will continue till April 13 and there are chances of windstorm and light rainfall too. The mercury is not likely to go beyond 33 degree celsius mark during these days.Kanwaljeet Singh, a BBA student, who lives in Mohar Singh Nagar, said, ''Weather god seems to be in a pleasant mood, which is why it rained today and even yesterday. I hope that showers will continue and keep it cool this summer.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "12629825", "title": "3 of family hacked to death", "text": "BARASAT: A 44-year-old man - a Trinamool Congress supporter - was shot and then hacked to death by a gang of six on Tuesday night in Kemia-Khamarpara near Barasat after he reportedly tipped off police and his party leaders about the whereabouts of an absconding criminal. The victim's parents and wife, who rushed to save him, were also slashed mercilessly with a crude weapon. While Benoy Biswas's (the victim) wife Shiuli is battling for life in the hospital, his parents succumbed to their injuries - one on the spot and the other at the hospital.Benoy's two sons - Biswajit (12) and Abhijit (10) - fled from the spot after the goons started hurling bombs on their house. During police probe, Shiuli and her sons named Probhas Dhali - implicated in 14 cases including murder and gang-rape - as the prime suspect.In her statement to North 24-Parganas SP Champak Bhattacharya, Shiuli said around 10:30pm on Tuesday, their neighbours Sujit and Gautam Dhali led a gang that knocked on their door. The moment Benoy responded, he was dragged out to the backyard and assaulted severely. Eventually, he was shot and hacked to death. Benoy's mother Tapasi (62) and father Amrito (70) were also chopped, and the latter was even shot on the chest, when they rushed to their son's rescue. Shiuli, too, was hacked after she tried to resist them.Both Amrito and Shiuli dragged themselves towards their house to save Biswajit and Abhijit, but they lost consciousness due to severe blood loss. The attackers then rained bombs and bullets at the victims' house to make sure no one of the family survives. But the brothers took advantage of the darkness and ran for their lives.\"The moment they called my father, my grandparents followed them outside. When I heard gunshots and bombs, I took my brother and fled from home. We took refuge at a corner of an open field. At daybreak, we informed others,\" stuttered a visibly shaken Biswajit. The villagers finally accompanied the children to their home at 5:30am. Shiuli and Amrito were still alive then. They were rushed to the Barasat hospital. Amrito succumbed at 8:30am.While the SP refused to elaborate apart from saying that one person has been arrested, the details suggest Benoy was a part-time land broker. Of late, however, he had left the business and started a tea-stall. Why he quit a seemingly lucrative business isn't very clear. Probhas Dhali - the prime accused - has a \"land syndicate\" in Kemia-Khamarpara and runs a gang to look after his trade. Benoy tipped police about Probhas, his aide Swapan Dhali and three others who'd taken shelter at his neighbours Sujit and Gautam's house.Probhas, who fled his home in Gaighata's Thakurnagar due to police raids, is implicated in at least 14 criminal cases including robbery, extortion, murder and gang-rape. An \"absconder\" in the infamous Sutia gang-rape case of 2001, Dhali has a track record of getting arrested and then being released on bail. A few months back, he was rearrested from Khamarpara based on Amrito's tip-off. He was released on bail two-and-a-half months back.Political reverberations of the gruesome incident were felt throughout Wednesday. Trinamool MP Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar claimed Probhas is a CPM-patronised goon, saying, \"Benoy and his family were brutally killed for informing police about him. Earlier, too, Phobhas was arrested after Benoy's father Amrito had tipped off the police. But this time the gang staged the gory murder before the police could act.\" Union railway minister Mukul Roy visited Shiuli at Barasat Hospital later in the day. \"The entire family was wiped out for protesting against criminal activities. CPM supported murderers are behind it,\" he alleged.Former CPM MP Amitava Nandi refuted any links of his party with the triple murder. \"After the change of power, all CPM supporters were driven away from the locality. This is a politically motivated allegation to cover up their infighting. I hope police investigate the murder impartially and unravel the truth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631745", "title": "UP assembly turns more vibrant, colourful", "text": "LUCKNOW: With 194 MLAs, including chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, entering the state assembly for the first time on Wednesday, UP's 16th Vidhan Sabha looked vibrant and youthful. The young MLAs comprising roughly 25% of the strength, seemed a far cry from the stereotyped UP neta. Moving around to familiarize themselves with surroundings including the central hall, library canteen or the parking lot, the bunch appeared highly excited and equally curious. Even the CM could not help stealing a glance at the majestic dome embossed with ornate peacocks, and the massive chandelier which gives the house a unique regal touch while his senior colleagues indulgently looked on.Congress veteran Pramod Tiwari, who along with SP MLA Mitrasen Yadav administered the oath of office to 336 MLAs, described the assembly \"as a happy and unique combination of youth and experience\". This by far could be the youngest house in UP, Tiwari, the nine-term MLA from Rampur Khas told TOI. The best part, he added, was the air of discipline around the young MLAs. \"They are better educated, well-informed and eager to learn, he remarked.\"The CM sprung a surprise by observing the long forgotten courtesies like going over to the Opposition benches to greet seniors. The house welcomed its youngest CM by thumping table as Akhilesh walked in and observing protocol, his uncle Shivpal Yadav joined the MLA and sprung to his feet, The seating arrangement having reversed, the BSP bunch shrunk considerably in size, looked a trifle sullen and self-conscious and their SP counterparts occupied more than half the benches.The scene, as one of the old-timers recalled was \"reminiscent of 80s when the ruling party spilled all over the place\". Rita Bahuguna Joshi and Kalraj Mishra were notable among first-timers. The duo looked fully composed standing next to the Speaker's chair. Former MP chief minister and now Charkhari MLA Uma Bharati was another eagerly awaited new memberm, but she failed to turn up. Apparently suffering from backache, the Sadhvi had made a special request for a fiber chair for sitting and sources in the Vidhan Sabha confirmed that her wishes would be duly carried out.Mohammad Azam Khan set tongues wagging by walking in late much after his name was called out. Azam was seen to be walking towards the door meant for opposition benches. \"Sheer force of habit after having sat in the opposition for so many years,\" Azam joked backing off and heading towards the right entrance.Women MLAs looked a little awed and remained confined to their seats with the sole exception of Rita Joshi who could be seen going around and chatting up her new female colleagues. At least two MLAs fumbled while taking oath and could compete it only when an encouraging Tiwari led them on.One thing which stood out was the compete change in members sartorial preferences. The Gandhian cult of dressing, as one of the brood pointed out, was totally out, at least for the 70-odd youngsters. So, Mukesh Shrivastava, Bahriach MLA, sauntered in jeans and a colorful T-shirt, Congress MLAs Panakaj Malik and Dilnawaz Khan sported the identical traditional look \"suitably modified to match the changing times\" -- the designer kurtas had a perfect fit and sleeves were fashionably rolled up.Nawab Kazim Ali Khan, the Suar MLA, flaunted an exquisitely embroidered ensemble compete with a natty silk scarf and drew glances of admiration or scrutiny from his compatriots . Not surprisingly, none seems to be missing the loose kurta pyjama/ dhoti -- the mandatory wear for 80% of the netas earlier. \"It is welcome change,\" said Mau MLA Mukhtar Ansari, who proudly pointed out he had never subscribed to the conventional sense of dressing himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634931", "title": "Will India\u2019s career women like to marry down?", "text": "A British study has found that men with low income are likely to be preferred by many present-day women following their changing aspirations in life. Today's brides are more likely to \"marry down\" than to choose a husband with more wealth and social standing than they have, the Daily Mail reported citing the report.The report by the Institute for Public Policy Research, analyzing how women's aspirations have changed, showed a marked shift in marriage patterns over the past 40 years - driven in part by women's advances at the workplace.According to statistics released last week, 52 per cent of women aged 17-30 went into higher education, compared to 42 per cent of men. Their higher qualifications are gradually making a difference to their pay packets.As a result, an increasing number of women have the economic means to marry someone who earns less than they do. The current marital landscape is radically different from that which prevailed after the Second World War, when women had a tendency to marry men who were both older and from a higher social class.The IPPR studied women born in 1958, 1970 and between 1976 and 1981, and found both a drop in the number \"marrying up\", and a small increase in those \"marrying down\". The largest increase was seen in the number of marrying within their own social class. (IANS)Alankrita Srivastava, DirectorI think, the findings are correct. This change is because women nowadays are financially strong. They are not looking for financial or social security from a guy. They have the freedom to go for a guy they like without having to worry about financial or social status. Probably I too might fall for such a man. I think I'll be happy with such a man without waiting for someone who has deep pockets.Zoya Akhtar , FilmmakerI don't know about others but I don't look for a big bank balance in my guy. I am independent and can take care of myself very well. I don't need to find a guy who can take care of my monetary needs. But yes, for me a guy must be passionate and ambitious about his profession. His hefty pay package is not that crucial for me.Kratika Sengar, TV actorAlthough I support the findings of survey, I will prefer a financially stronger life partner. For a woman like me who works for 12 hours a day, I want someone who can give me emotional support. If tomorrow I want to quit my profession, I will look for financial support from my partner. Here, I want to add that with more and more women becoming financially independent, the divorce rates are going up because women don't want to adjust or stay trapped in an uncomfortable marriage.Sayali Bhagat , ActorI am looking for a guy who can be a great friend. I want somebody who is down to earth and fun loving. It is not necessary for him to be from showbiz. He can even be a common man but the only condition is that he must have enough time for me. I am against men who don't have time for relationships. I am very demanding when I'm in a relationship. So, he should be person with great patience. Bank balance is not a huge issue for me.Aishwarya Pathy, ActorThis study might have be correct for British women but in India, I don't think women have changed the approach towards marriage. Education and financial independence are fine but as far as I am concerned, I will certainly want to go for someone who earns more than me. I will not subscribe to the view of marrying down.Mahek Chahal, ActorIt is the understanding and respect that makes a relationship work. This study holds true in the contemporary Indian context too. It's a fact that the per centage of career women who are financially independent has gone up. So they look for stability in a relation. Money isn't that important for them. If you have a better understanding and gel well with your partner, life becomes easier. Success and bank balance can follow later. Society is changing. For me, it's the mental sync with my partner that will matter and not his bank balance.Compiled by Renu Singh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12630781", "title": "Bhangra beats to welcome fest", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Baisakhi being one of the most significant festival of Punjabis who pride themselves of belonging to the country of farmers, cultural troupes and residents of city are busy practising bhangra and giddha to prepare for the special day.''Three groups of residents are coming to learn bhangra and giddha from me for the Baisakhi festival. This is a vibrant festival and these Punjabi dances would surely add exuberance to the celebration, said Ranjeet Singh Tinku, 30, resident of Ram Nagar near Sangeet Theatre.Sixteen-year-old Simar Kaur, a student who is a resident of Bhai Randhir Singh Nagar, said, ''We have organized a party at our residence on the occasion. I also plan to give a special bhangra performance on the day. My friends are also coming to learn dance with me as some of them would be joining me in the performance,'' said Bawa.Guneet, 19, a student residing in Model Town said, ''I have to perform in a college function on Baisakhi. For the same I am learning bhangra on dhol beats and folk songs.''\"Celebrations in Punjab are incomplete without bhangra and giddha, thus I am learning bhangra. I want to enjoy this festival in true Punjabi style\", said Harpreet Singh, 21, residing in Model Town.Gagandeep Singh, who is heading Gagan International Bhangra troupe, was practising in the fields along with his troupe comprising of 15 boys and nine girls. He said, ''It's absolutely a different feeling when you actually dance in the fields. We even did some work in the fields to get a feel of the harvest festival and have a better understanding of it.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12636561", "title": "Five labourers killed in Guntur wall collapse", "text": "GUNTUR: Five labourers, including four women were buried alive here today when earth caved in at a construction site and the adjacent compound wall collapsed on them, police said.The incident took place this morning on Donka Road, Arundelpet when the workers were digging the foundation for a five-storeyed building for an Engineering College, they said. The victims have not been identified yet. The contractor and the college employees fled from the spot following the incident. Further investigations are on, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634011", "title": "Farhan Akhtar to play a teen", "text": "With the newly-gained confidence of pulling off a 22-year-old Milkha Singh in Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, it has been decided that Farhan Akhtar will now also play the 17-yearold Milkha.While the 38-year-old actor has worked painfully hard to get into the skin of his character, looks like there are even more trying times ahead. Mirror has learnt after shooting portions pertaining to Milkha's athletic career in the sixties, Farhan will have to get down to recreating an earlier phase in the sprinter's life when he was a 17-year-old in the army.Mehra confirmed the news and said, \"We're not looking anywhere except getting the on-screen Milkha as correctly as possible. It's not just about looking like 'The Flying Sikh' or running like him. Farhan got that right once when he trained for the athletic phase in Milkha's life. I'm sure he will get it right again when we shoot another phase in the runner's life.\"Asked how Farhan intends to achieve the required look, Mehra said, \"We've shot the runners' phase. We will be going further back into Milkha's life. I'm sure Farhan will be able to pull it off with full conviction. We don't know how much of Milkha's life we will finally be able to get onscreen. We are doing our job to the best of our abilities.\"Meanwhile, a source close to the film revealed, \"Farhan worked really hard to look at least ten years younger than his actual age to look like the 22-year-old Milkha. He will now have to work towards knocking off an additional ten years to be able to look like the 17-year-old army recruit.\"It is learnt Farhan will undertake at least a fortnight of on-the-spot training in an army cantonment to get a hang of the earlier phase in Milkha's life.Also, comparisons with Tigmanshu Dhulia's successful biopic Paan Singh Tomar are evident. To which, Mehra says nonchalantly, \"We aren't looking at anything except Milkha's life and how to put it on screen. We have the real Milkha Singh with us. He is currently out of the country. But the minute he returns, he'll be joining us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12629417", "title": "Builders move HC after plots get cancelled", "text": "NOIDA: Two real estate developers have filed cases in the Allahabad high court accusing the Yamuna Expressway Authority of arbitrarily cancelling plots that had been allotted to them vide a scheme. However, the Authority says that the allotments were cancelled as developers failed to register the properties by depositing the allotment money within the time limit - March 31. Senior officials held a meeting on Tuesday to prepare a reply for the court.The real estate developers, Anova Infracon and Sunworld Infrastructure, had been allotted 100 acres each along the Yamuna Expressway via a scheme launched in 2010-11. The plots had been allotted in sector 22 for setting up residential townships. \"The Authority had fixed March 31 as the deadline for registration, but the builders did not turn up. Their allegations of arbitrary cancellation are false,\" said an Authority official.Authority sources said these plots will be re-sold by launching a fresh scheme. The two developers reportedly had to pay allotment money of Rs 192 crore and Rs 98 crore, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631692", "title": "Scriptures secure insurance claim", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ancient scriptures came to the rescue of a patient in securing his insurance claim with the local consumer forum quoting 'Garuda Purana' while holding that when a person is in suffering and pain, he cannot be expected to look at which hospital is covered and which is not covered as per the terms of the health insurance policy, taken by the patient concerned.The forum relied on 'Garuda Purana', which says, \"It is the duty of human life to protect the body by all efforts and a person will do so by the quickest means available\".In its order, forum has made it clear that the insurance companies cannot repudiate the medical claims of any consumer on the grounds of the hospital, where he got treated, not being covered by the insurance company concerned.The order was passed by a district consumer forum-II headed by its president, Lakshman Sharma, while allowing a complaint filed by Sector 20 resident Simerpreet Singh.Complainant was a policyholder of 'Health Suraksha' and 'Sarv Suraksha Advantage Policy' issued by HDFC ERGO insurance. The policy was valid from May 29, 2010 to May 28, 2011 with a limit of up to Rs 2 lakh for hospitalization.The complainant slipped from the stairs on August 20, 2010 and suffered injury in the disc due to which he was advised for endoscopic surgery by the doctor. He was admitted in Arthroscopy and Spinal Endoscopy Centre from August 31, 2010 to September 2, 2010. A total of Rs 69,517 was spent on the treatment. The complainant lodged a claim with the insurance company but the same was rejected on the ground that treatment had been taken from a hospital, which is not registered and does not fall within the definition of hospital or nursing home.After hearing both the parties, forum held that the claims of insurance company that complainant did not take treatment from a proper hospital is not sustainable and directed HDFC Ergo insurance to refund the entire claim amount to him.Forum also directed the company to pay Rs 7000 litigation cost to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12629478", "title": "Narrow escape at highrise", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of a housing society in sector 93 along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway had a narrow escape during the rainstorm late on Tuesday night when shuttering and scaffolding material from an under-construction tower crumbled over to the side of occupied towers. One person was reportedly hurt while a couple of vehicles were damaged by the impact of the falling debris.Residents of the society have shot off complaint letters to the DM, the SSP and the Noida Authority that the builder has been continuing with construction activities in a haphazard manner, putting their lives to risk, even though the district fire department has cancelled the provisional safety certificate of the project. A complaint in this regard has also been filed with the Phase-II police station.Around 11 pm on Tuesday night, the steel scaffolding surrounding the oval-shaped tower and shuttering material fell off under the impact of high velocity winds. Luckily, the accident occurred at a time only when a few residents of the society, which has more than 1,200 residents, were out in the compound. \"One person was injured, and the windshields and bonnets of two cars were damaged by the debris that fell down,\" said Ravi Kapoor, a resident of the housing society. \"The entire scaffolding came down to rest precariously on temporary tin sheds while iron rods kept falling from it into the compound through the night,\" he said.On Wednesday morning, labourers and cranes were deployed by the builder to clear the debris from the site.Residents lodged a complaint with the Phase-II police station around 1:30am and have shot off letters to the DM, the SSP and the Noida Authority to take immediate corrective action.\"In January too, we had lodged a complaint in the Phase-II police station. During the visit of the chief fire officer, the tin sheds were referred to as 'death traps',\" said Rajpal Tandon, president of the RWA. \"The chief fire officer of the district cancelled the provisional safety certificate given to the builder on March 28 and had asked for compliance within 15 days. No work has been done by the builder despite the fact that this period is to expire on April 12,\" said Tandon.The builder, Supertech Developers, has however maintained that all safety norms have been adhered to in construction work. \"Claims of vehicles being damaged are baseless and we have this verified with the police,\" said Supertech MD, RK Arora. \"All fire safety measures have also been put in place prior to obtaining the annual NOC from the fire department. Though the scaffoldings were strong enough, wind speeds were very high resulting in the accident,\" added Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12629773", "title": "Block development officer in slum scam surrenders", "text": "AKOLA: Dr Vithhal Jadhav, block development officer at Balapur, the prime accused on the run in the fraud of Slum Area Development Scheme surrendered before Ural police. He was remanded to police custody till April 13 after being produced before a magistrate on Wednesday evening.Meanwhile, the anticipatory bail plea of Arun Pimple, gram sevak of village Morgaon Sadijan and co-accused in the fraud, was rejected by the sessions court of judge NV Deshmukh on Tuesday evening.A fraud of Rs 68,00 was committed in the slum scheme at village Morgaon Sadijan near here during 2009-10. A fund of Rs 2 lakh was sanctioned and 40% of it was deposited in the joint account of BDO and the gram sevak.Rs 68,000 of the deposited fund amount were withdrawn from the bank on the pretext of road construction which was never done. Everything was shown only on paper.Suresh Nikode, gram panchayat member, complained the mater to the authorites, but it was ignored. He then approached the court which took cognizance and issued orders to register offences against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629813", "title": "Reports of 'cracks' add to panic", "text": "KOLKATA: Dinesh Kundu had just returned to his desk on the eighth floor of Apeejay House on Park Street after his half-an-hour lunch break on Thursday afternoon. The senior executive with a private marketing firm switched on his desktop to have a look at his Outlook Express mailbox when he first felt the tremors.\"I didn't notice the time,\" Kundu said, only to add quickly, \"No, wait. I had received an SMS around then.\" Checking his cellphone, he said it was around 1.50pm. \"My desktop shook violently. I looked around my bay and realized from everyone's expressions that they too were feeling the tremors. In fact, there was no way they could've missed it because things were shaking like crazy. The tremors seemed to continue for over a minute. The moment it ended, panic set in,\" he said.Kundu and his three colleagues - Sujay Saha, Kaushik Banerjee and Himadri Dutta - stood outside their office recollecting the events that had taken place barely 40 minutes back. Their colleagues and the employees of other offices had walked back into Apeejay House several minutes back. \"As the tremors ended, we took the stairs for the ground floor at once. But then we realized that only those who were in their offices on the top two floors - seventh and eighth - had felt the tremors so severely,\" said Kundu.Saha agreed with him, saying that a lady on the third floor had actually asked him what the commotion was all about. \"She was totally perplexed and asked me why people were rushing downstairs. I told her about the tremors. Her blank look said it all. She hadn't felt anything,\" smiled Saha.Kundu added quickly: \"But surprisingly on our floor, everything was shaking violently. Not only I, everyone felt them,\" he said. Banerjee argued that there wasn't one, but two back-to-back tremors. \"We felt the second one when we were walking down the stairs. Though not as intense as the first one, it convinced us that we needed to escape.\" Kundu, a Sheoraphuli resident, said: \"The security guards were also not aware of it.\"This, however, was only the beginning of their ordeal.\"Masons and painters have been employed since Sunday for repairs of the building. They've torn away the worn-out plasters and are repairing the cracks. This fueled speculation that the cracks have happened after the earthquake. In fact, I was downstairs supervising this work, when people started rushing downstairs in hordes,\" narrated S K Jha, assistant manager (administration).The private offices in the building together employ around 5,000 people. And once 'news' of the 'cracks on Apeejay House' reached television channels, worried family members started calling up, adding to the panic. \"The channels started beaming 'the cracks at Apeejay House' at once. Those still inside got calls and they started rushing out. I too received a call from home. We realised that hundreds of people were trying to come out through the entrances at the same time. Without taking a chance, we relayed information to all floor managers to evacuate the building immediately,\" said Jha. By 2.25 pm those inside Apeejay House were out on Park Street. Jha and his men quickly assessed the floors and around 3 pm, gave the clearance to the employees to return to their offices.\"It was madness, the manner in which everyone was trying to come out together,\" said Kundu. \"Luckily nothing untoward happened. The ones on the outer wall are old cracks. But housekeeping staff told us that some cracks had indeed appeared inside,\" he claimed. The information, however, could not be confirmed.The quartet finally headed for their office around 3:30 pm. But they couldn't help but wonder aloud once again whether the cracks on the outer wall were indeed old ones and not due to the quake, before getting into the elevator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12629966", "title": "Teachers continue on warpath", "text": "University-affiliated college teachers on Wednesday threatened to go on a jail bharo agitation on April 16 and said they would continue to boycott the centralized assessment process ( CAP). The same day, the Maharashtra State Medical Teachers Association (MSMTA) said it would boycott the upcoming MBBS and BDS exams if their pending demands were not met.The Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (MFUCTO) said it wanted the government to address their demands about NET/SET exemption and implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission's recommendations. Its members said they would not support vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar as he was \"not even qualified for the post\" and that suspending senate members in the senate's budget meeting was \"highly undemocratic\".The MSMTA's demands are similar to the MFUCTO's and include payment of non-practicing allowance as per pay commission recommendations, time-bound promotions, and financial and service benefits. Its members said they would give the government a month's time to accept their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12632122", "title": "Mysore City Corporation earmarks Rs 46 lakh to beautify city\u2019s centre", "text": "MYSORE: If things go as per the plans Mysore City Corporation (MCC), the city centre, which houses some of the architectural wonders, will look different.Tasked with the onerous task of preserving the heritage environs of the city centre, MCC on Wednesday launched a project to give facelift to the surroundings of 100-plus years old Devaraja Market. The ornate Dufferin Clock Tower, abutting the marketplace, is aimed at showcasing Mysore's achievement in vintage. MCC is investing some half a crore to give the area, which is located just outside the Mysore Palace fort, a new look.The civic body is aiming to transform the surroundings of the tower, which is some half an acre, into a social gathering place, allowing the visitors to savour the city's beauty. The Rs 46-lakh project will convert the area into pedestrian-friendly space where the tourists can relax. For the record , the site commemorates the visit of the earl of Dufferin, Frederick Hamilton Temple Blackwood, who was governor-general of India in 1886. It is the oldest surviving clock tower in Mysore.Deputy mayor M J Ravikumar, who represents the area, told The Times of India that MCC has based its concept on the social gathering places in Europe, especially those in Paris and Rome . \"We are trying to replicate it here, albeit in small measure,\" he stated.The area will be secured and ornamental plants will be planted on its periphery to demarcate the area in the busy commercial area. The dysfunctional fountain located at the tower will be replaced and the site will be specially illuminated, he added.Sometime ago, ACP (traffic) Shankaregowda had banned parking in the area in the run-up to the project, which was in the pipeline for some two years.The Chikka Gadiyara (small clock), as it is referred to, got a facelift five years ago when the monument was rejuvenated by the then MCC commissioner K N Chandrashekar. The local body had budgeted Rs 46 lakh this fiscal, and the project is expected to be through in three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12629632", "title": "Many Andhra teachers balk at spot valuation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The SSC spot valuation seems to be facing a serious problem with several teachers expressing their unwillingness to take up the job citing lack of proper facilities. A day after the directorate of government examinations announced the schedule for spot valuation, as many as 150 teachers sent their leave letters to the DEOs concerned seeking exemption from the duties. The spot valuation is scheduled to start on April 13.Over 12 lakh students took the SSC examinations, which concluded on Tuesday. A total of 21,139 assistant examiners (primary evaluators), 3,525 chief examiners and 7,050 special scrutinisers are required to evaluate and scrutinise the answer scripts. \"Even if 5% teachers are absent, it is going to affect the evaluation,\" officials said.Private school officials said every year about 20% of teachers give a miss to spot valuation citing various reasons. \"There were several errors in evaluation of answer scripts last time. We had brought them to the notice of the officials of the department of school education. Since the future of several students is at stake, the department should not allow teachers to stay away from evaluation duties,\" said M A Kareemuddin, principal of a city-based school.Officials of directorate of school education had issued a statement on Monday allowing teachers with critical medical condition to opt out of evaluation duties. However, officials clearly stated that if they found the reasons for taking leave were not genuine, they would reject them.Interestingly, it is not just teachers from private schools who sought exemption from evaluation duties. \"Some teachers are averse to attending to duties due to lack of proper facilities at spot valuation centres. More than a dozen centres lacked basic facilities like fans, drinking water last year,\" said N Narayana, president, United Teachers' Front, which represents government school teachers in the state.However, officials of directorate of government examinations deny the allegations and said that each spot valuation centres will have facilities like canteen, water and fans this year. The directorate clarified that it had a reserve list of teachers who were eligible for evaluation duties to replace those who failed to turn up. \"We have made it clear that only those with serious medical problems will be allowed to stay away from the spot valuation. No one will be exempted from evaluation without proper medical proof ,\" said Manmada Reddy, director of government examinations.He added that stringent departmental action would be taken against teachers taking leave without a valid reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12630023", "title": "Wardha farmers to get land records online", "text": "WARDHA: Farmers in the district would be issued 7/12 extracts, property cards and other important documents related to land online, said revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat. Farmers would be immensely benefitted with the introduction of the advanced technology, he said.Thorat addressed a press conference after a review meeting with the officers of revenue department in the district collector's office on Tuesday. Thorat said that 'E-system will soon be launched for farmers of the district. Issuance of hand-made 7/12 certificates will be stopped after the online service gets operational. He took stock of Suvarna Jayanti Rajaswa Abhiyan. The scheme ensures that the roads encroached by farmers are cleared, said Jayashri Bhoj, district collector. 1,336 pandhan road were encroached of which 313 were cleared under the scheme.Sarvoday mandal plea to PMMaharashtra Pradesh Sarvoday Mandal has written a letter to the prime minister of India seeking his intervention for stopping the auction of the soil of Birla House where Mahatma Gandhi was shot dead. The auction is scheduled to be held on April 17.Gandhian Giriraj Kishor has threatened to return 'Padma Shri' award if the organization went ahead with the auction. The letter said that auction of all that is part and parcel of national pride was condemnable. The Sarvoday Mandal has threatened to launch an agitation at Mahatma Gandhi statue in Wardha from April 17, said Aba Kamle, president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630083", "title": "Youth held for knocking down cop", "text": "MUMBAI: An 18-year-old biker was arrested on Tuesday night by the Marine Drive police after he knocked down a police inspector, injuring him in the process.The inspector, Sunil Kadam (51), was walking near Trident Hotel in Nariman Point when the biker, Jayesh Chavan, knocked him down. Kadam sustained injuries on his head and a fracture in his right arm. He was taken to Bombay Hospital where he received treatment and was later discharged.The police said Chavan did not try to flee the scene. \"He also fell down and was injured. He wasn't drunk but was speeding and wasn't able to apply the brakes on time,\" said Z Gharal, senior police inspector at Marine Drive police station. Chavan was charged with rash and negligent driving and remanded in judicial custody.Kadam is attached to unit 1 of the special branch of the Mumbai police. The accused is an unemployed youth who lives in Byculla nurse's compound with his parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata/digha", "code": "12629798", "title": "Govt sounds alert in coastal districts", "text": "KOLKATA/DIGHA: Barely minutes after the Indian Tsunami Early Warning Centre (ITEWC) in Hyderabad announced a 'Watch' for East Midnapore, South and North 24-Parganas, the West Bengal government alerted the respective district administrations and kept disaster management teams on standby. A warning was also issued to fishermen so that they do not venture out to the sea in the evening as the water level was expected to rise by a metre around 5.55pm.\"We have made sufficient arrangements to handle any eventuality. Disaster management teams have been kept ready to move out,\" an official at Writers' Buildings said. With five aftershocks being recorded after the earthquake that struck the western coast of Northern Sumatra at 2.08pm, the state government changed the status from 'Watch' to 'Alert'. The Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS) website, however, stuck to its original 'Watch' status for places around Sagar and Kakdwip.The state government probably took this step because only with an 'Alert' status can people be asked to leave beaches and coastal areas, whereas if the status is 'Watch' no immediate action needs to be taken.as people can only be asked to leave beaches and coastal areas if the status is 'Alert'. For 'Watch' status no immediate action needs to be taken.South 24-Paraganas district magistrate Narayan Swarup Nigam said that he passed on the alert to SDOs, BDOs and Panchayat leaders. \"Teams were immediately dispatched with mikes to alert the population living in the danger zone. Though there was no warning as such, we didn't take any chance. People were asked to be prepared for the worst and move away from their homes at a short notice. We announced that there was no cause for alarm as we would select safe locations and arrange for their evacuation if the need arose. People were told not to venture towards the beaches,\" he said.District superintendent of police, L N Meena, said that he was alerted by the DM and warned fishermen against venturing out to sea till the situation improved. Shyamal Mondal, minister in charge of Sunderbans affairs, started for Canning after the earthquake and met officials. If needed, he will move to the interiors to take stock of the situation, Mondal said.There were reports of some cracks developing in buildings from parts of South 24-Parganas but no major damage was recorded. However, some cracks were seen in the office of the South 24-Parganas' district magistrate in Alipore.North 24-Parganas DM Sanjay Bansal said that besides warning fishermen, those living close to the Ichhamati, Raimangal and Vidyabati rivers in Hingalgunj and Sandeshkhali were asked to move to safer locations.In Digha and Mandarmani, tourists were asked to move away from the beaches and maintain a minimum distance of 400m from the water. Policemen patrolled the beaches while coastal police personnel near the Digha mohona used mikes to alert locals. \"We were extra cautious at Mandarmani as the hotels are located on the beaches there. The officers and personnel from Ramnagar police station went on an alert and started patrolling the beaches. A disaster management team was also kept ready at the BDO's office. The local hoteliers' association also warned tourists against going to the beach,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12630411", "title": "Calangute panchayat budget woos development, welfare", "text": "PANAJI: One of Goa's richest village panchayats, Calangute, recently passed its 2012-13 budget which estimates an expenditure of 3.76 crore and an income of 3.91 crore.In expenditure, the highest component of 1.59 crore is for public works, while a substantial 28.7 lakh is for the sick, needy and for other social welfare measures.Income is expected to flow in from taxes- 1.93 crore from house tax, trade tax, garbage tax, construction licenses and market sopo-while pay parking and the panchayat's night soil tanker are expected to raise 3 lakh each.Sarpanch Joseph Sequeira told TOI that the panchayat plans to buy a four-wheel drive SUV to collect garbage from the beach and shacks as normal vehicles cannot ply on the sand.He explained that 10 lakh has also been allotted for the construction of a ramp for local fishermen at Baga.People's welfare finds mention under three heads- public works, sanitation and public health, and social welfare. Sequeira said that last year the panchayat gave the 'cancer allowance' to about 16 patients. Under it, the panchayat allots 10,000 per patient to travel to Mumbai for medical attention in the initial stages of the disease.As part of its 'social welfare' and under the head of 'education and culture', the village panchayat has earmarked 1 lakh for school uniforms. But physical infrastructure is high on the Calangute panchayat's wish list.In addition to allotting 50 lakh for land acquisition for a market complex, an additional 12 lakh has been earmarked for land acquisition for a sewerage treatment plant (STP), likely to come up near the Bodko Vodd.\"With the change in government in the state, our fortunes have turned,\" said Sequeira. \"Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has assured (us) to undertake all our projects through the Goa state infrastructure development corporation (GSIDC).\"Pointing out that the panchayat \"will chip in\" to acquire the land, Sequeira said the government will finance the projects as the panchayat cannot bear the huge costs. \"For example, the STP will cost around 400 crore,\" Sequeira said. Explaining the 50 lakh for a 'waste management system' under 'sanitation and public health', Sequeira said this is actually a garbage treatment plant at the existing site of Calangute's garbage disposal on the hill. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629710", "title": "Railways enters 159th year of its journey", "text": "PATNA: The Indian Railways stepped into 159th year of its journey in April this year. The wheels of railways had first moved on April 16, 1853, between Bombay (Mumbai) and Thane, a distance of about 34 km. Since then the railways has continuously gained momentum and achieved a landmark of being the largest rail network in the world.Lord Dalhousie of the East India Company had first initiated the move to run the railway passenger train in the eastern region in 1844 under the supervision of R M Stephenson. About 100 km tracks were laid between Kolkata and Raj Mahal in West Bengal. However, the first train moved on April 16, 1853, in Maharastra with load combination of 14 coaches. About 400 passengers had then travelled by the train.Encouraged by it, the East Indian Railway set in motion another train on August 15, 1854, between Howrah and Hooghly.In 1869, the British government took over charge of the railways in the country from private agencies following recommendation by a committee headed by Sir Arkwarth. By the end of 1879, about 12,455 km railway tracks were laid in the country. The nationalization of the railways took place in 1924 in the country.Rail link between Lakhisarai and Mughalsarai of the Eastern Railway falling under Danapur division was laid by the Britishers in 1862. But the Howrah-Khana-Kiul, which is now known as the Sahibganj loop line, was thrown open for the public in 1860. The importance of Danapur division had came into being in 1925 after linking of the Howrah-Delhi route via Patna.The historic Koilwar bridge was built in 1924 and known as 'roller and rocker' rail bridge, covering a distance of about 1.8 km. This rail-cum-road bridge was built by the Britishers. Mahatma Gandhi had praised its construction when he visited Patna in 1931. During the freedom movement, Patna Junction remained a centre place for meeting of politicians.The Jamalpur railway workshop, which was set up in 1862, is one of the oldest workshops of Indian Railways. Danapur and Jhajha used to be the largest loco sheds for steam locomotives. The Mughalsarai marshalling yard, which was under Danapur division till 1978, was a rare feat of the railways.The Indian Railways first released its own postal stamp in 1907 and the railway budget was separated from general budget in 1925. Safety was not the priority for the railways then, but it chalked out a safety plan when the first train accident took place on January 25, 1869, at Bhorghat on Pune-Mumbai rail route. The Railway Board came into being on February 18, 1905, to monitor traffic in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630620", "title": "Gujarat's Ode massacre: 18 convicts get life imprisonment, 7 years in jail for five", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special SIT court in Anand has delivered the quantum of sentence in the Ode massacre case.Of the 23 persons convicted in the case, the court has given life imprisonment to 18 convicts, while five others have been awarded seven years of rigorous imprisonment.23 poeple had been killed in Ode on March 1, 2002.Special prosecutor P N Parmar had sought death penalty for the convicts, arguing that this should be considered the rarest of the rare incident. He contended that the court had upheld the prosecution's asserting that the act of rioting and murder of 23 persons, mainly women and children, was part of a conspiracy.All the 23 persons, who belong to a community of Patels from Charotar, had been held guilty of conspiracy, rioting and unlawful assembly besides other charges. Eighteen of them have been held guilty of murdering people, while four have been held guilty of attempt to murder. One person - Atul Patel - has not been convicted for these two charges.In another such case of 2002 violence, the Godhra carnage case wherein same sections were applied, a special SIT court awarded hanging to 11 persons who were found guilty of conspiracy. Those 20 who were not found involved in criminal conspiracy were given life imprisonment.In a post-Godhra riots case of Sardarpura, the court did not believe the conspiracy charge leveled by prosecution, and handed out life imprisonment to all 31 persons found guilty of burning 33 persons in a house. In its verdict on Monday, the court held 23 guilty and acquitted 23 persons in the Ode massacre of March 1 at Pirawali Bhagol. However, the court acquitted all 14 persons in connection with another murder that took place the next day. But ten of those 14 acquitted in the second incident were already convicted in the first one, and this resulted in the freedom for only four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12634885", "title": "Congress yields to IUML pressure, Chandy ministry expanded in Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Yielding to coalition compulsions, Congress in Kerala on Thursday conceded the demand by Indian Union Muslim League for a fifth ministerial berth with the induction of its nominee Manjalamkuzhi Ali along with Anoop Jacob of (KC-J) into the ministry led by Oommen Chandy .Despite stiff opposition from sections in the Congress, a meeting of UDF leaders on Wednesday night settled the issue as the IUML firmly stood by the demand for one more berth.With two more joining the cabinet, the strength of the 11-month-old ministry rose to 21, of which 10 are from Congress, five from IUML, two Kerala Congress (M) and one each from KC (J), KC (B), SJD and RSP (B).Though a long-standing ally of the Congress and the second largest partner in the UDF, IUML's demand for the fifth ministerial position was opposed by sections in the Congress fearing it would upset the communal composition of the ministry in which Christians and Muslims outnumber the Hindus.After a consensus eluded at the KPCC meet held a last week, the party leaders held several rounds of discussions with the high command but the latter sent signals that the issue should be resolved at the state level.The move also triggered sharp criticism from Nair Service Society (NSS), an influential organisation which has often taken a pro-UDF stand. The Sree Narayana Dharma Pariapalana Yogam of the Ezhava community also expressed similar view on the Congress's decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12629608", "title": "Candidates' issues take backseat as 'non-contestants' fight for upmanship", "text": "MALEGAON: Unlike in the past when parties were used to showcase the contesting candidates and highlight local issues to fight civic elections, a fierce battle among the 'non-contesting' leaders from big and smaller parties alike has become hallmark of the 2012 elections to the 80-member corporation. Though the campaigning for the April 15 elections is left with a couple of days before ending on Friday at 05 PM, the rallies are getting hardly any mention of the issues that the town has in plenty. Instead, the leaders are using all their energies - and sometimes undemocratic though colourful language, to prove they are 'no less than an angel' while their rivals are all corrupt, insincere, dishonest and do not deserve to be elected to the house.Political analysts observe that it was former Congress MLA Shaikh Rasheed who had set the tone of the election campaign by declaring neither he nor his son Shaikh Asif - a sitting corporator, former mayor and local Congress chief- would contest the 2012 civic polls. Not to be left behind, veteran socialist leader from Janata Dal (S) Nihal Ahmed announced retirement from electoral politics. A five time MLA, the first Mayor of Malegaon and a former minister, Nihal Ahmed (84), who joined politics when he was just 14, had held the post of the leader of the opposition in Maharashtra Assembly.Both the leaders, however, maintained that they would lead the election campaign of their respective parties. Simultaneously, they made it sure that nominations of their close kin were confirmed. While Shaikh Rasheed has fielded one of his two wives, Tahira Shaikh, in the elections, Nehal Ahmed is trying everything in hand to guarantee the victories of his son Buland Iqbal and daughter Shan-e-Hind.Adding more colour to the campaigning - though distasteful to many, is the defection of few of the front leaders from Teesra Mahaz to Samajwadi Party (SP). As the political analysts put it, \"These leaders, instead of concentrating on election campaign and their candidates, look more interested in molesting the image of their erstwhile leader and local MLA Mufti Ismael.\"Also in this battle for upmanship are former Municipal president Yunus Esa, his son and current Mayor Abdul Malik and former Municipal president Deepak Bhosale. While the father and son duo are contesting on NCP tickets, Deepak Bhosale, as always, has fielded his wife Jyoti Bhosale as an independent. Analysts say that all three are contesting the elections not merely for a birth in the corporation but they are keeping their eyes on the key posts of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12630920", "title": "22 anti-Gehlot MLAs hold secret meeting", "text": "JAIPUR: The ruling party's disgruntled legislators held a secret dinner meeting in the city late Tuesday night, Congress sources said. The legislators were believed to have discussed strategies to up the ante against chief minister Ashok Gehlot on the issue of his style of functioning.Sources said the legislators, whose number swelled to 22 from 15 on Tuesday, agreed to seek an appointment with Congress president Sonia Gandhi to complain against the chief minister. \"We are seeking an appointment with the Congress president towards the end of this month,\" one of the disgruntled legislators later confirmed to TOI.Opposition against Gehlot within the Congress legislative party has mounted since early this year. Beginning March, the legislators have complained against Gehlot to the party high command at least three times. The party top brass, too, has appeared eager in giving an audience to the band of disgruntled legislators.Congress sources said the disgruntled legislators enjoyed the backing of some sitting as well as former ministers. One of the ministers who were sacked by Gehlot in the last cabinet reshuffle was also present in the dinner meeting hosted at the house of a legislator from the Mewar region. A couple of Congress legislators from Jaipur and a parliamentary secretary were among those who attended the dinner, said sources.The Congress state unit was abuzz with the party men talking about the high command considering a change in state leadership on Wednesday. A section of the Congressmen believe that the change could happen as early as May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634405", "title": "Sanjay Gadhvi graduates to four wheelers", "text": "From fast and furious bikes in his last to cool new wheels in his next, Sanjay Gadhvi is packing some serious miles.Mirror has learnt the director of the Dhoom series is all set to introduce a spanking new car in his forthcoming flick, Ajab Ghazab Love. Lead actor Jacky Bhagnani plays a car manufacturer, who designs these hot wheels.Producer Vashu Bhagnani said, \"The whole idea was to target the youth. Sanjay Gadhvi made bikes fashionable in Dhoom. For this film, we wanted to show a car which is unique. That's when we thought of the DC Avanti. While Dilip Chhabria will launch it in August 2013, our film will release on October 24.\"The car that will be used in the film is a prototype. The DC Avanti is the only sports car in the world that costs Rs 30 lakh. Also lined up is a contest where the car will be gifted to any one person in the audience. Ajab Ghazab Love also stars Arjun Rampal , Kirron Kher, Darshan Zariwala and debutant Nidhi Subbaiya in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12629915", "title": "Man kills friend for 'raping' sister", "text": "MUMBAI: A 38-year-old man surrendered before the Pant Nagar police in the wee hours on Wednesday after he allegedly stabbed his friend for raping his sister.Ghatkopar resident Kannan Pillai (38) said his sister consumed pesticide to kill herself on April 9 and this prompted him to stab his friend. After recording his statement, policemen on night duty took Pillai to the spot where he slit the throat of the victim, Govindan.Police said Pillai considered the victim identified as Govindan (full name unknown) as his own brother and allowed him to stay with his family members in his house at Hari Om Chawl in Ghatkopar (east) for the last five years and worked together to earn livelihood.The matter was observed on April 10 when Pillai's mother enquired his younger sister, after getting discharge from hospital, for her act that forced her to consume pesticide the previous day. \"Pillai, in his statement, said his mother got suspicious when his sister replied in an uncomfortable and scared voice. Immediately Pillai's mother checked his sister and found injuries marks on her private parts. His sister broke down and revealed that Govindan had raped her four times in a month time in their house on seeking opportunities,\" Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone VII) Sanjay Shintre told TOI.When Pillai learnt through his mother about the act that Govindan has done to his sister he decided to kill him. \"Pillai planned to take the victim to party the whole night before killing him. Around 11am they left the house and before leaving the house Pillai carried knife along with him hidden,\" said a police officer.Pillai bought alcohol from Puja Bar which is situated in the locality and sat in a parked autorickshaw in the neighbourhood at Kamraj Nagar till midnight. \"Around 2.15am on Wednesday, Pillai noticed that the victim is totally drunk when he asked why he raped his sister. The victim replied that he was in love with Pillai's sister which annoyed Pillai who slit the victim's throat and repeatedly stab all over his body, including the private parts,\" said the officer.After stabbing the victim, the accused pushed the victim from the rickshaw at Kamraj Nagar in Ghatkopar (East) and boarded a rickshaw to go to Dharavi to buy more alcohol. \"When Pillai did not find the bars open at Dharavi, he decided to surrender himself to the police. He asked the rickshaw driver Datta Sonawane (29) to take him to Kamraj Nagar police chowky around 4.15am and got himself arrested for the killing,\" said the officer.Pant Nagar police senior inspector Suresh Nirmal said they investigating the matter and the accused will be produced before the court on Thursday. He is booked for murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630656", "title": "47 cops among 52 booked for traffic offence", "text": "CHENNAI: The traffic police on Wednesday slapped cases against 52 people, including 47 policemen, for riding two-wheelers without helmets on the premises of the police commissioner's office. Those booked were asked to pay a fine of Rs 100.Police commissioner J K Tripathy had earlier instructed all his subordinate officers to wear helmets while riding motorcycles, to set an example to other motorists, and spread awareness that most fatal road accidents involved two-wheeler riders not wearing protective headgear.After the city traffic police failed to enforce the helmet rule, policemen themselves were spotted flouting the law. And when policemen ignored the commissioner's instruction to wear helmets, even when visiting his office, Tripathy ordered that cases be slapped against all motorists not wearing helmets while riding two-wheelers on the commissionerate premises.An Egmore traffic enforcement sub-inspector and his team arrived at the police commissioner's office on Wednesday morning. They stopped and booked all motorcycle riders not wearing helmets from 10am through the rest if the day. A veteran journalist was also caught for the violation.\"We booked offenders on the instructions of the police commissioner. Those found violating the rule were asked to pay the fine immediately. The traffic sub-inspector immediately handed out e-challans for the violations. The drive will continue,\" assistant commissioner of police (public relations office) A D Mohan Raj said.A police officer said many vehicles that had been parked for days in the commissionerate, whose owners could not be traced, were removed as directed by the city police chief. \"Three cars, which were seized by central crime branch (CCB) personnel in connection with cheating cases were moved to the Rajarathinam Stadium on Marshalls' Road in Egmore,\" the officer said.Statistics released early this year showed a spurt in road accident deaths in the state, with more than 65,000 fatalities in 2011, the most in any state in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12630460", "title": "Address potable water shortage, HC tells Kerala Water Authority", "text": "KOCHI: Court would be constrained to pass an order asking Kerala Water Authority (KWA) to provide drinking water in trucks but charge pipe connection rates if the department failed to address drinking water shortage in the city, the Kerala high court warned on Wednesday.Considering petitions by flat owners from Chilavannoor challenging KWA's neglect in providing drinking water connections, justice S Siri Jagan issued an interim order that stated - the court will be constrained to pass an order to the effect that KWA should provide drinking water in trucks to all persons in need of water at the same rate at which they are giving to owners of water connections.Neither the counsel for KWA nor the government could instill confidence in the mind of this court with regard to measures taken to give water to Kochi and its suburbs, the court observed on Wednesday.A Rajasimhan, who appeared for Manthra Home Residents Association, submitted to the court that KWA has complied with the earlier order of the court and has provided water connections.When KWA's counsel pointed out that the court order regarding providing water in trucks would be difficult to implement, the court warned that if the interim order is not complied with, contempt of court proceedings would be initiated against the officials concerned, adding that it's the headache of the department, and not the court, to provide drinking water.When the case came up for hearing on February 23, the court had observed that a government that fails to provide drinking water to people is not entitled to rule them.Stating that Ernakulam has faced drinking water problem for many decades, the court observed that the scarcity is not due to lack of availability of water, as plenty of water is available.The only thing government has to do is to lay some pipes to get the water from Periyar River to homes after proper treatment, the court noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630804", "title": "Alcoholic husband stabs woman constable", "text": "BHOPAL: Despite being a police woman, she could not escape domestic violence. In a sensational incident, a 28-year-old lady police constable was stabbed by her alcoholic husband inside a police station on Wednesday afternoon. Sapna Shravankar, a constable posted at the Chicholi police station in Betul district was on duty and working when her intoxicated husband, identified as Manish Singh Thakur, barged in and stabbed her in the stomach at 3 pm on Wednesday.Stunned cops at the Chicholi police station watched their woman colleague attacked right before their eyes. Sapna fell on the ground with blood oozing from her abdomen. Her colleagues immediately nabbed the drunken husband and arrested him there at the spot. The injured woman constable was rushed to the local hospital and was later shifted to the district hospital in Betul town.Giving her statement, Sapna recounted the frequent domestic violence she faced in her residence. According to her statement, she married Manish Singh Thakur five years ago. Before the marriage, she told him that since her parents had no son, she would have to take care of them and would, therefore, have to live in her father's house in Betul. At that time, Manish Singh agreed to stay with her in Betul. But as the years passed, he wanted her to take a transfer to his hometown in Rewa.In addition to this, he was a habitual drinker. There were frequent altercations between the husband and wife over his addiction to alcohol. The altercations would often see Sapna become the victim of her husband's violent behaviour. Wednesday morning, there was a similar altercation over transfer to Rewa followed by an argument about Manish Singh Thakur's dependence on alcohol.But as usual, Sapna went to work in the afternoon. She was sitting at her desk inside the Chicholi police station when her husband appeared in an inebriated state armed with a knife. Abusing and calling her name, he rushed towards the woman constable and stabbed her. Sapna is undergoing treatment at the Betul district hospital. The police registered a case against her husband under sections 307 (attempt to murder) and 294 (obscenity) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630107", "title": "Liquor scam: Four more cases booked by Anti-Corruption Bureau", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has booked four more cases in connection with liquor licence auction fraud in West Godavari, Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts as it continues its crack down against the liquor mafia.Of the 473 liquor shop licence holders in West Godavari district, 79 (17%) have been found to be white ration card holders. Similarly, 138 (41%) licensees out of 335 in Krishna district and 104 (30 %) licence holders out of 342 in Guntur district are those in possession of white ration cards.In Prakasam district, out of 321 licence holders, 85 (26 %) have white ration cards, ACB director general (DG) D Bhoobathi Babu said in a news release on Wednesday.\"Several shops 'owned' by these white ration card holders bear similar trade names, which suggests that they might be controlled by a group of persons or a syndicate. Preliminary investigation of liquor groups in Vizianagaram district corroborates this inference about the role of a syndicate,\" the DG added.On March 27, ACB had booked a case for a probe into liquor licence auction-related violations in Vizianagaram district.After cross-checking transaction details related to lifting of stocks by these wine shops, ACB sleuths found that multiple demand drafts had been taken and deposited by each liquor shop owner on a single day at the Beverages Corporation. \"The value of all drafts was uniformly Rs 40,000. This was possibly done to not catch the attention of the income tax department,\" the DG said.Describing white ration card-holders as innocent poor benamis, the ACB chief appealed to them to speak the truth. He stated that the poor were being lured into becoming benami licensees and urged them to expose the real offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631687", "title": "Rain brings relief from hot weather", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dust and thunder squall and light rain continued to lash the state, including Lucknow, for the second consecutive day on Wednesday. Though it led to drop in temperatures, bringing relief from hot conditions, thunderstorm uprooted trees blocked roads and rail traffic at several places and hit power supply. The weather office said similar conditions will prevail in west UP for next 2-3 days and in east UP, including Lucknow, for next 48 hours.Trees uprooted by high velocity winds measuring upto 55-65 kmph blocked railway tracks between Lucknow and Jhansi leading to cancellation of some trains. Route of some trains were changed. While Lucknow-Jhansi intercity was stopped at Orai, Sabarmati Express reached Lucknow via Banda and Kanpur. Trains were also running late on other routes because of thunderstorms and route blockade.In Lucknow, the midnight thunder squall led to power outages at many places. However, weather turned pleasant with maximum temperature falling to 33.2 degrees Celsius, five degrees below normal. Moist winds kept mercury level down in the night.The midnight squall left the power supply in the city in tatters. The supply could not restored in many areas of the city even on Wednesday. the callous attitude of Lesa officials made the things worse. \"We have been practically without power for the whole day, \" says Sanjay Mishra, a resident of Moth Jheel area , \"but when i called up the local Lesa SDO, he said that he couldn't help as he was out of station. There was nobody else to listen to our woes at the local Lesa office.\"The minimum temperature was 18.1 degrees Celsius, a degree below normal. Similar conditions are expected to prevail on Thursday.The west UP was more affected by the thunderstorm in comparison to east. The western region also recorded moderate rainfall. While Moradabad and Meerut recorded 5 mm rain each, Bareilly recorded 4.7 mm. These three districts also saw minimum temperatures dropping below 30 degrees Celsius. By and large, maximum temperatures dropped by 3-5 degrees below normal in the state and minimum temperatures by 1-3 degrees Celsius during last 24 hours.State Met director JP Gupta said the change in weather has been because of formation of an upper air cyclonic circulation over west UP due to excessive heat in last few days. The impact of circulation was more on west UP, he said. The Met director also predicted that while thunderstorms and rains will continue in west UP bordering Delhi and foothills of Himalayas for next 2-3 days, they will lash the east UP, including Lucknow for next 48 hours. The Met department has also issued warning of hail storm at isolated places during next 24 hours.According to reports, maximum temperature in Kanpur on Wednesday was 35.2 degrees Celsius, Varanasi 35.1 degrees Celsius, Allahabad 37.2 degrees Celsius, Gorakhpur 33.2 degrees Celsius and Jhansi 38.8 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12637435", "title": "Raj Thakur puts Rs. 50 lakhs to good use", "text": "Raj Thakur, who recently won as much as Rs. 50 lakhs on the reality show Sach Ka Saamna, is only too glad to admit and reveal his deepest, darkets secrets.The guy was in the Navy, but left the job and took to fitness and body building. After having met with an unfortunate accident, Raj broke his collar bone, and his dreams of becoming a body builder were shattered.However, Raj now intends to fulfill his dreams by the money he has won. He is all set to open a gym and work as a fitness instructor. Now that's some fit and fine aspiration. Also, with all those revelations on the show, his heart and conscience feel a whole lot lighter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12636221", "title": "2G: Centre files presidential reference in SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has filed presidential reference in Supreme Court seeking its opinion on various issues arising from 2G judgement including whether all natural resources need to be mandatorily auctioned.The 12-page reference signed by President Pratibha Patil raises 8 questions including one on the fate of those entities who have acquired 3G licences but their 2G licence have been cancelled by the apex court.The President has also asked the SC's opinion on the permissible scope of judicial interference in policy domain of government including the methods of disposal of natural resources.The presidential reference also wants to know from the SC the fate of investments, including FDI ,if a policy decision of the government is cancelled by the court.Earlier, the 2G reference was signed by President Pratibha Patil.The Cabinet had approved the presidential refernce on Tuesday.The government is seeking clarity on the apex court's 2G judgement through the reference.The Supreme Court had earlier refused to review its judgement which cancelled 2G licences and rejected govt's policy of first-come-first-serve basis to give away spectrum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12630946", "title": "No special facilities for Rathore, court told", "text": "JAIPUR: In written reply to the court on the facilities being provided to former BJP minister Rajendra Rathore, the Jaipur Central Jail authorities on Wednesday claimed that the provision for separate facilities to VIP undertrials has been abolished by the state government in 1976. The jail administration said that earlier established two categories which separated VIP undertrials from the normal ones, were not in practice.The court had ruled on Monday that whatever could be permitted as per the jail manual should be allowed for Rathore. In his application filed on Monday, he had requested for a cooler and permission to call up his wife on Sundays.\"So the jail administration says that the cooler could not be arranged for Rathore. Besides, he is being provided three blankets, television in the ward 12 where he is lodged, stationary items and other such things,\" said CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfarz Haider Khan.The jail administration also said that health check-ups are being conducted on regular basis and Rathore is being provided home made food. It was also said that telephone booths are being set up in the jail which Rathore will be able to use to call up his wife like other inmates. There was no separate provision for allowing him to use the government landline phone.The jail administration also said that he is being kept in ward number 12 with additional security, not in the general cells in the jail. The administration has written to assembly secretary about Rathore's request for assembly bulletin. The jail also informed the court that Rathore could subscribe to newspapers on his expense.Rathore's lawyers had filed an application in the court on April 9 requesting facilities like cooler, foam mattresses, pillows and mosquito coils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630748", "title": "GTU pharmacy placements today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a first at Gujarat Technical University (GTU), a job fair for students studying pharmacy will be held on Thursday. The placement activity, which will be held at the campus of L J Institute of Management in Sarkhej, will be attended by 1,500 students and 10 recruiters. Students studying in Bachelor of Pharmacy (BPharm) and Diploma in Pharmacy will be taking part in the recruitment process. Earlier, as a part of gearing up for the placement activity, GTU had called for applications from students taking part in the event.A total number of 1,500 online applications have been received from students.\"We are expecting that around 162 posts will be created by the recruiters. The packages of students will range from Rs 84,000 to Rs 2 lakh with separate incentives,\" an official of GTU, who is close to the placement activity, said.Most of the recruiters are pharmaceutical companies from the state. The interface for students who are looking for jobs and the recruiting companies is a spin off from earlier interactions between GTU and the pharmaceutical companies.GTU had been consulting these companies and taking their inputs for the revision of syllabus of students. The idea of revising the syllabus was to make the knowledge and skill of students more relevant so that they become industry-ready when they finish their courses. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12631227", "title": "IIM graduates should dirty their hands, suggests Maruti chairman", "text": "RANCHI: IIM graduates should not hesitate to dirty their hands or go out in the field, Maruti Suzuki chairman R C Bhargava suggested the graduates at the first annual convocation of Indian Institute of Management-Ranchi here on Wednesday evening.\"IIM graduates are not seen as people who learn from others. Many executives crash out of their jobs in the first two years (due to this attitude),\" Bhargava said. \"A management graduate must not be obsessed with promotions and higher salaries. You should be open to learning and promotions &amp; higher salaries will come without asking,\" he added.Bhargava's mantra for success was: \"Have a positive attitude and learn to take criticism in right spirits. Develop strong relationships with your superiors, peers and subordinates. Never compromise on values even if your organization expect you to be pliable and please do not yield to temptations.\"Bhargava, also the chairman of the Board of Governors of IIM-Ranchi, said in the long run integrity and values distinguish leaders from others. Speaking as the chief guest, Jharkhand governor Syed Ahmed appreciated the efforts of IIM-R graduates who have helped to teach underprivileged children in the state's villages. \"Students who contribute to the society are special. Passing out from any institute is common, only such (helping poor students) noble contributions count,\" Ahmed said.The governor also congratulated IIM-Ranchi for bringing glory to the premier institute in a short span of time. A total of 43 graduates, including a girl, were given degrees in the convocation. IIM Calcutta director Shekhar Chaudhuri recalled the problems IIM-Ranchi faced during its initial months of establishment. \"I am glad to see you all bubbling with energy and great hopes,\" Chaudhuri said.Aditya Somani stood first in PgDM batch for 2010-2012 and was given the gold medal. Saurabh Pratap Singh and Anubhav Jauhari came second and third respectively and received a gold medal. IIM Ranchi's gold medal and certificate for the best outgoing student was given to Vijaya Krishna Kandula. The certificate for the best project during summer internship finance and marketing went to Aditya Somani and Shrey Kumar Singh respectively. The same certificate in operation was given to Singhania Ankit Vishwanath.All the prizes were handed over by the governor and Bhargava gave away the diplomas to all the graduates. IIM Ranchi director M J Xavier said that the institute had not only imparted knowledge of best management practices to students but also taught them humility, hard work and values which bring about holistic development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630629", "title": "Govt in 'fix' over pay scale", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As chief minister Narendra Modi is gearing up for polls and has announced big time jobs for youths, the Gujarat high court's clarification on its verdict over fixed pay scale scheme may come as a big setback for the government.The state government will have to bear huge financial burden as it will have to pay hundred of crores towards arrears to lakhs of employees recruited on fixed monthly wages since 1986.On January 20, acting on a PIL, the HC held the government's scheme of hiring people on fixed-wage for five years and denying full salary to them as per the norms as illegal.The PIL was a complaint about exploitation of those 1.39 lakh employees taken into service since 2006, as per the record available to petitioner. It sought the pay scale to be increased as per the Sixth Pay Commission.The HC order, as it understood then, was to cost Rs 3,500 crore towards arrears and Rs 2,300 crore additional expenditure every year towards increased salary of the employees in various cadres.However, the government later filed a petition inquiring whether the court order should come into effect from the date of pronouncement - January 2012, or it will have a retrospective effect, said the government pleader Prakash Jani.To the government's query, the bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala passed an order by rejecting the government's plea seeking clarification and modification of its order. The HC made it clear that since the scheme of fixed wage has been declared illegal, it becomes invalid from its introduction in 1986.\"This means lakhs of employees who were recruited by the government under this scheme will be benefited. Only the government can give figures, but over four lakh persons may be benefited,\" said advocate Dharmesh Bhatt, who filed the petition.In this landmark judgment, the HC has asked the government to stop the scheme and start employing people on regular salaries. The court has also asked the government to pay full salary from the date of their appointment to those employed under the fixed-pay scheme for five years. Moreover, these employees will also be enjoying the benefit of continuous service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629887", "title": "Anti-Sikh riots: CBI cites witnesses who identified Sajjan Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Wednesday apprised a Delhi court of statements of witnesses who had identified Congress leader Sajjan Kumar, facing trial for his alleged role in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots case, as the person who was instigating a mob during the carnage.Advancing final arguments before district judge J R Aryan, CBI prosecutor and senior counsel R S Cheema cited statements made by prosecution witnesses Jagsher Singh and his sibling Balvinder Singh who had lost three brothers during the riots. He told the court that Jagsher Singh had identified Sajjan Kumar in the court as the one who had allegedly provoked the mob to kill his brothers during riots after the assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi on October 31, 1984.Singh, 45, is a cousin of complainant Jagdish Kaur whose husband Kehar Singh and a son were also killed in the riots. Sajjan Kumar along with five others are facing trial for allegedly instigating a mob to kill Sikhs in Delhi cantonment area in the wake of the assassination of former Prime Minister Indira Ganpdhi on October 31, 1984.Reading out the statements made in the court, Cheema said Singh had earlier deposed that a Hindu man was arrested by police for providing shelter to Sikhs during the carnage. According to the CBI, Singh had taken shelter in the house of one Ram Avtar Sharma, who was also made a prosecution witness in the case, at Raj Nagar here during the riots.CBI's arguments remained inconclusive and would continue on April 21, the next date of hearing. Apart from Jagsher Singh, two other witnesses Nirpreet Kaur and Jagdish Kaur, who had also lost their family members during the riots, had identified Sajjan Kumar in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12629250", "title": "'Fears of urban women same as rural counterparts'", "text": "NASHIK: During her statewide campaign against female foeticide, Lok Sabha MP Supriya Sule said that urban women felt as insecure as their rural counterparts, and underlined the need to have more voluntary groups working exclusively on the issues and rights of women.\"Be it social, educational or security issues, the expressions, fears and demands of women across the state are the same. There is no urban-rural divide,\" said Sule.Speaking to mediapersons in Nashik, Sule said that the major demand of women was security. \"Women in the rural areas also yearn for educational and social changes. They have demanded hostels in the cities for their development,\" Sule said.On central kitchen system for mid-day meals for school children being pushed by the state government, Sule said that women self help groups are equally capable of shouldering the responsibility. Sule said, \"Since two years, the quality of food produced by SHGs has improved a lot. Also, it provides income for a number of women. We feel SHGs should be given a chance to prove themselves.\"On the political front, Sule claimed that of the women's representatives elected to various houses, NCP alone has a 50% share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12634806", "title": "Aarushi murder case: CBI unable to trace Nupur Talwar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several teams of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) are desperately searching for Nupur Talwar, who is on the run since Wednesday. The Ghaziabad special CBI court had issued non-bailable warrant against her as she evaded appearance in the court.CBI sources said that raids were conducted at Talwar's Noida residence, Azad Apartment house in Hauz Khas and their clinic in Delhi, which is closed since Wednesday. In fact, several relatives and friends of Talwars have been asked about her whereabouts.About Friday's hearing in Supreme Court, for which she filed an application this morning , CBI officials say that they will take a legal opinion whether she can be arrested when she comes to apex court.Nupur Talwar is accused of murder and destruction of evidence alongwith her husband.Their 14 year old daughter Aarushi and servant Hemraj were found killed in their house on May 16, 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630767", "title": "Cholera cases reported in city", "text": "BANGALORE: Close on the heels of H1N1 scare, cholera and gastroenterology have sparked an epidemic scare in Bangalore. Five cases of cholera have been reported from a private hospital in Chikkalalbagh area, near Majestic, said Dr Manoranjan Hegde, nodal officer, communicable disease, BBMP.When contacted, Dr Chandrashekar Malagi, Joint Director, Communicable Diseases, State Health and Family Welfare Department, said there were two more cholera cases reported from Isolation Hospital. \"However, in a city like Bangalore it is not a huge number. The climate is such that there could be more cases of cholera. Unless, there are too many cases reported, there is no need to panic,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12629439", "title": "Residents blame administration for stray cattle menace", "text": "NOIDA: After the death of a Hindi daily's general manager, who was run over by a car in sector 58 on Tuesday while trying to escape from being mauled by two bulls, residents of Noida stepped out and urged the Authority to tackle the stray cattle menace.Alarmed at the incident, residents have blamed the administration for its inability to control the menace. Noida Authority officials, however, alleged that while they remove cattle from roads periodically, their numbers increase as the civic bodies of Ghaziabad and Delhi shoo away the animals from their areas into Noida.\"Cattle can be seen on pavements and dirtying the area with cow dung. This can lead to health hazards,\" said Akash, a resident and an officer bearer of Sector 62 RWA. \"The cow dung even emits such a foul odour that it become difficult to breathe while passing through the area,\" he added.\"Two-wheeler riders face the most threat as the cattle try to nudge them when they pass by. Cattle in the middle of the road even slow down traffic. Sometimes they come in front of the vehicle suddenly leading to mishaps,\" said Pradeep Sharma, a businessman in sector 18.Even vegetable and fruit vendors have complained of cattle destroying their merchandise. \"When we are not vigilant, cattle come and snatch away mouthfuls of vegetables and fruits. This results in huge losses for us,\" said Jai Chand, a vegetable stall owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631617", "title": "Short message service for farmers soon", "text": "PUNE: A Short message service (SMS) for farmers giving information about local weather forecast and better backward linkage in dairy sector are the new major projects to be undertaken by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard).Nabard's regional office on Wednesday announced that it would concentrate on dairy sector, with primary focus on providing necessary infrastructure like storage and chilling plants for milk producers and dairy operators in the state.M V Ashok, chief general manager of Nabard state office, said, \"The SMS will have weather forecast and crop advisory for farmers across the state. The service will be free of cost. The India Meteorological Department will provide the content and a message will be composed accordingly. The service will be offered to 50,000 farmers in the fiscal year 2012-13.\"A private company is already providing SMS-based weather forecasting and other services, but it does not come free of charge. Ashok said, \"The bank is already active in implementing agro-climate related projects. A project for climate change adaptation by Watershed Organization Trust is being implemented in 23 villages of Ahmednagar district.\"\"Total outlay for the project is Rs 22 crore, jointly funded by the Swiss Development Cooperation and the Nabard. We want to offer more valuable inputs to the farmers; hence the SMS project has been taken up,\" he added.On the dairy project, Ashok said, \"Milk production is slowly increasing in the state. Lack of infrastructure like collection centres, vehicles, chilling plants and milk processing technology are some of the areas where the bank would offer funding.\"\"Compared to other agricultural activities, there is a lot of private investment coming in the dairy sector, but still it is not meeting the demand,\" he added.The bank will also focus on converting primary agricultural cooperative societies (PACS) that offer crop loans, into multipurpose societies.The union government promoted financial inclusion drive will rope in PACS and help the rural people open no-frills accounts, besides suggesting insurance and systematic investment plans for future, Ashok said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12630486", "title": "Dalmia sees Rs 80 cr from olive oil business", "text": "KOCHI: Dalmia Continental Private Ltd (DCPL) is expecting Rs 80 crore in revenues from its olive oil business in fiscal 2013, said chairman and chief executive officer V N Dalmia in Kochi on Tuesday. He was briefing reporters on the growth of Leonardo Olive Oil, which the company sources from Italy.\"Our revenues from the olive oil business in fiscal 2012 were Rs 40 crore and we expect Rs 80 crore in fiscal 2013. While the olive oil industry in India is growing at 50%, DCPL's market has been growing at 100% CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) over the last three years,\" Dalmia said. DCPL has lined up Rs 60 crore for marketing its olive oil brand during 2012-2016. Dalmia, also president of the Indian Olive Association, said that 60% of the national market is controlled by three companies. Italy and Spain are the major sources of olive oil, accounting for 90% of the oil sold in India.DCPL introduced olive oil in Kerala in 2009, with revenues in the first year accounting for only Rs 12 lakh. This increased to Rs 55 lakh in 2011 and reached Rs 1 crore in fiscal 2012. Now, the brand enjoys a 40% share of the Kerala market, with the rest held by smaller players.\"Kerala has been growing faster than the South Indian market, but we need to have a marketing thrust in the state as revenues are quite low,\" Dalmia said.Leonardo Olive Oil is available in 22 towns through a network of 530 dealers in Kerala. \"Olive oil in India was used for massaging babies, but not for cooking and hence we introduced a grade of oil - solvent extracted and refined - which is suitable for cookingOlive oil for 'Indian cuisine and frying' is driving sales in India. You need to use only one-third the quantity of usual cooking oils. You can reuse the oil thrice, provided you don't reach smoking point,\" Dalmia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630771", "title": "Naroda land broker killed with 22 stabs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Naroda cops are now dealing with a whodunit. The body of a land broker, Suresh Patel, 26, was found near Narmada canal in Naroda on Wednesday. There were 22 stab wounds on the victim's body. A large knife, too, has been recovered from the car which, cops believe, was used to kill Suresh.Police officials probing the case are pinning their hopes to crack the murder mystery with the help of Suresh's partner Ashwin Patel. Cops also do not rule out the possibility that Ashwin might be involved in the murder. \"Ashwin has been missing since the body was found by passersby on Wednesday afternoon,\" said Naroda police.JD Brahmbhatt, police inspector of Naroda police station, said: \"Our first suspect is Ashwin. When we catch him, we shall know more about what exactly happened.\"Suresh, who stayed in Panchsheel residency in Naroda, originally hailed from Saurashtra. For the last five years, he had settled in Ahmedabad. He had joined hands with Ashwin and another man, Praful Joshi. The trio used to run a land brokerage and trading firm on a partnership basis. Their office is situated in old Naroda, said police.\"Suresh and Ashwin left their office in a car at 12.30 pm. Joshi has told us that they were headed for Biliyasana village on Naroda road to collect some pending payments. At 3.30 pm, the city police control was intimated by some passersby that a car was parked by the canal with a gory body inside,\" said Naroda police. When police reached the spot, they found that the car's doors were unlocked. Suresh was dead and his body was already in rigor mortis. \"This means that he had been murdered 2-3 hours before the body was found,\" said police investigators.Based on Joshi's revelation, when cops called up Ashwin there was no response. \"We are working on two possibilities - either Ashwin is involved in the murder or has been kidnapped by the people who killed Suresh. This seems to be a crime of passion, going by the nature of stab wounds,\" said police.\"We have yet not got any information that the duo had animosity with anybody over any land deals. We have sought help of a mobile phone company to track the phone of Ashwin which is still ringing,\" said police officials. A complaint of murder has been registered at Naroda police station against unknown assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12631408", "title": "Talks fail, fast unto death", "text": "SINDRI: Fast unto death started by two contract workers of Chasnala and Jitpur collieries of the SAIL subsidiary ISP continued for the third consecutive day on Wednesday.Meanwhile, the reconciliatory meeting between the leaders of Asangathit Mazdoor Morcha and the colliery management in the office of the assistant labour commissioner, Dhanbad, ended in a fiasco when the management refused to consider the demands of the agitating workers and the Morcha leaders walked out of the meeting, charging the management of adamant attitude.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12629113", "title": "Maoists refuse to release Odisha MLA", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Maoists on Wednesday refused to release Biju Janata Dal legislator Jhina Hikaka, saying they would not do so unless the state government releases the people it had promise to as part of the swap deal. They said the released people would be first produced before their \"praja court'' that would take a final decision on Hikaka's release.The rebels made fresh demands like withdrawal of cases against Nachika Linga, the leader of CPI (Maoist)'s frontal organization Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), its adviser Gananatha Patra and another Maoist Chenda Bhusanam. Sources said Nachika has nearly 70 cases registered against him. Chenda is also said to be facing many cases including murder.The government is reportedly reluctant to accept the fresh demands, while Maoists on their part have not fixed any deadline to have them met.\"Our praja court took stock of the situation and decided not to release the MLA till the government let off our people from jails. After their release they will also have to appear before the praja court, where the final decision on the MLA will be taken,\" Maoist's Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) functionary Jagabandhu said in a three-page release in Telugu.Hikaka was abducted on March 23, nine days after Sabyasachi Panda's Odisha State Organizing Committee (OSOC), another Maoist faction, abducted two Italian nationals. One of them has been released while another, Paolo Bosusco, is still in Maoist captivity.Home secretary Upendra Behera said the government is unaware of the fresh demands. ``The government has agreed to facilitate release of 23 people including 15 belonging to the CMAS and the process has already begun,'' he said.Earlier, the state government had said that all those named to be released would have to move bail petitions before the courts. Sources said three of them did so on Wednesday.Officials are hopeful that Paolo could be released as early as Thursday. \"With his (Panda's) wife released and other demands more or less met, our reading is that Panda may free Paolo soon,\" said a senior official. He said people that Panda had named for his release have moved to an undisclosed place, where he would hand over the Italian national.Separately, the government has alerted several BJD leaders in Koraput to remain vigilant to avoid abductions. ``This was done because the latest AOBSZC release named several BJD leaders like Koraput MP Jayaram Pangi, Raghuram Podal and Rabi Nanda (both MLAs) in their most wanted list,'' said a source.\"We have our most wanted list like the government does on us,\" said the Maoist release. It cautioned the administration to refrain from hatching conspiracies against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12631788", "title": "Offices vacated, Metro stopped in shaken city", "text": "KOLKATA: On a balmy Wednesday afternoon when rain seemed the only threat and Kolkatans kept a wary eye on the sky, no one had imagined the ground beneath their feet would shake. So vigorously.As buildings swayed, shopping malls rocked and residences trembled for several seconds at 2.08pm, within minutes of the earthquake off the Indonesia coast, hundreds in and around the city ran on to the streets in panic. Shoppers swarmed out of markets and audiences dashed out of multiplexes. Highrises and office buildings in central Kolkata and the IT hub in Sector V were vacated. As people gathered on the roads, traffic slowed to a crawl in most parts of the city. Metro railway services were suspended for about 45 minutes as a precautionary measure.By the time the panic subsided, and anxious family members, relatives and friends had texted, called, tweeted and used every other available medium to say they were safe, downtown Kolkata had come to an abrupt stop. People in buildings on Park Street, Camac Street, J L Nehru Road and AJC Bose Road had halted work and rushed out to the safer streets. There was a mad rush at Apeejay following a rumour that the building had developed cracks. Chatterjee International Centre, the city's tallest office building, was also vacated. On Camac Street, two adjacent highrises leaned into each other.At the Calcutta high court, a hearing was halted briefly as justices Deepankar Datta and Sanjib Banerjee were forced to leave their trembling chairs. Proceedings resumed after a few minutes.An alert was sounded at the South City complex and flats evacuated. Residents, especially those on the upper floors of the 45-storey towers, said their homes shook vigorously. They returned after about half an hour.\"I was about to take a lunch break when my waterbottle started shaking violently. Then, it was the desks and chairs and finally the lights. It took us a few seconds to fathom that it was an earthquake and we rushed out,\" said Ujjal Sanyal, an employee of a private firm on the 22nd floor of Chatterjee International.Along with hundreds of others from the building, he parked himself on the Chowringhee pavement for the next two hours, till an all clear was given. Many on the lower floors, however, couldn't feel the tremor.There was chaos at Sector V as IT professionals of Salt Lake and Rajarhat felt \"their heads reeling''. By 1.55 pm, five minutes into the tremor, thousands of IT executives were standing outside the buildings. Whether it was the DLF building at Rajarhat or the Infinity and Technopolis buildings at sector V in Salt Lake, the scene was the same. \"I was sitting at my desk and analyzing a project report at the sixth floor when my head began reeling. I wondered what was wrong when my colleagues began shouting that it was an earthquake. We began calling up our colleagues who were working upstairs, some of them even on the 15th floor of the DLF building. It was almost for 20 minutes that we were left standing outside,'' said Pratul Mukherjee, an IT executive.Another executive working with Wipro said that she heard the office alarm go off, warning them to rush down. \"A second earlier, I thought there were ripples in the water in the glass in front of me. But the sudden alarm left me worried. I had to call back home twice to calm the nerves of my parents,'' said Sayantani Lahiri who stays at Lake Town.Metro services were shut down immediately after the quake. Passengers were asked to leave the stations at 2.42 pm. Tracks along the 25 km-stretch from Garia to Dum Dum were checked by engineers who issued an all-clear signal at 3.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629847", "title": "Metro officials save suicidal girl after 3-hour hunt", "text": "KOLKATA: Well before the earthquake spread panic across the city on Wednesday and brought Metro services to a standstill, Metro Railway officials went into a tizzy after receiving a call from a distraught father about a possible suicide attempt by his 18-year-old daughter. After a tense search of nearly three hours, the girl was traced to Kavi Subhas station and handed over to her family.Around 7.30 am, the station master of Jatin Das Park station received a call from a gentleman claiming that his daughter Sujata (name changed) had left home in a huff, threatening to commit suicide. She was dressed in a red kameez, white salwar and a white dupattha. The 18-year-old was fair and about five feet tall, the anxious father said.The station master immediately alerted the central control and security control and a description of the girl was sent to all stations.Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway, said, \"Sanjay Kumar Gayen of the Railway Protection Force (RPF), who was manning the security control at that time, jotted down all details of the girl and circulated them to security personnel posted at all stations. Those manning the entry gates were asked to maintain careful watch. The security personnel were, however, told not to raise an alarm but inform station staff if they spotted the girl.\"Around 9am, officials received another call from the girl's father. Through his contacts, the father had managed to trace Sujata's mobile tower location to Patuli. The closest Metro station was Kavi Subhas.The girl didn't show up immediately though. Shortly after 10am, security personnel at Kavi Subhas got in touch with station superintendent Arun Mondal. A girl matching the description had just walked in.By then, a friend of the girl's father had turned up at the station. He identified her from a distance and Mondal followed her to the platform. The station superintendent didn't approach her directly but waited till she passed him by. He then called out to her by name. She responded and was immediately whisked away to Mondal's chamber.\"The girl's father was informed and he reached the station soon after. Before leaving with Sujata, he submitted a written statement to Mondal appreciating the role of the Metro Railway in saving his daughter's life,\" Ghosh said.It's been learnt that the girl, originally from Khantura in North 24-Paraganas, lived at a rented accommodation in Beltala. On Wednesday morning, she had a tiff with her parents and left the rented house, threatening to commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12629613", "title": "21-year-old is youngest poll candidate", "text": "One contestant who stands out in the list of the 471 candidates in the fray for Malegaon's civic elections, is Syed Musharraf Ali. Ali , currently a student pursuing an MSc at a local college, is, according to poll records, born on December 29, 1990.The young Malegaon lad who marks his entry into politics with this election, says his ambition is to fight corruption. Musharraf is banking on the support of the educated voters from his ward. \"It is time for the young and the educated to join politics to eliminate corruption,\" he said. Ali claims to have inherited his political leanings from his grandfather, Qazi Abbas Ali , who was a freedom fighter and veteran congress leader of his time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12633687", "title": "SC upholds constitutional validity of Right to Education Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday upheld the various provisions of the Right to Education Act, 2009.The apex court ruled that the RTE Act would apply to all categories of public and private schools except unaided minority schools.The SC judgement makes it clear that all schools will have to keep aside 25% of seats for poor children.The SC said the judgement would come into effect from today.The SC said the RTE Act will not apply to those institutions run by minority organisations and which do not receive a single penny as aid either from the government or local bodies.The apex court also said that the RTE Act would not apply to boarding schools.A bench comprising Chief Justice S H Kapadia and justices K S Radhakrishnan and Swantanter Kumar, which had reserved its verdict on August 3 last year, pronounced the verdict on the RTE Act.The main petitioner Society for Un-aided Private Schools, Rajasthan, and a host of associations representing various private schools questioned the validity of the Act on the ground that it impinged on their rights to run the educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12629211", "title": "Demand to revoke AFSPA gains ground in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The demand for repeal of Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA), 1958, has gained ground in Tripura. While the Indigenous Nationalist Party of Tripura (INPT) is seeking its withdrawal, the ruling CPI-M is strongly in its favour.The issue got highlighted with the renewal of the Act in 34 police station areas of the state recently for another six months.On Wednesday, INPT leaders alleged that the Left Front government had been using the Act as a political instrument against the opposition because insurgency was substantially contained and there was no need of deployment of central security forces.\"The ministry of home affairs report also showed the declining trend of insurgency but the state govt is now even planning to extend AFSPA provisions, which are mainly to win the forthcoming election to Tripura Tribal Areas Autonomous District Council (ADC) with the help of central forces,\" said INPT president and MLA Bijoy Kumar Hrangkhwal.He alleged that the state government had been creating a terror-like situation in hilly-tribal dominated locations of the state by imposing AFSPA provisions and everyday, tribal people are suffering because of the high-handedness of security forces. Hrangkhwal, however, pointed out that the state government had unilaterally enforced the Disturbed Areas Act in tribal-dominated areas of Tripura from February 16, 1997, to persecute tribals.He said a few hundred innocent tribal youths, including school students, were shot dead without any provocation to suppress the struggle of the oppressed tribals for self-determination, he complained. AFSPA was in force in 34 police stations and partially in six since 1997.\"The state-level coordination committee, supervising the anti-insurgency operation, reviewed the overall situation and suggested to extend AFSPA's term by six months. The government has accepted the recommendation,\" said DGP Sanjoy Sinha.The ruling CPI (M) in Tripura has opposed to withdraw AFSPA and criticized the opposition for misguiding the common people. CPI-M state secretary Bijan Dhar said if the government withdraws this act from northeastern states, especially from Tripura, it would be harmful for the nation.\"The party had demanded to impose this Act in Tripura when militancy was at its peak. Now, the situation is better. But the ultras are continuing with their subversive activities across the region,\" said Dhar. He added that several groups and political parties had been trying to drag this issue in election campaigns.On the other hand, CPI-ML (Liberation) general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharjee said as many as 136 districts in the country are under the policy of military suppression and 101 of them in nine states, including J&K;, Manipur, Assam and Tripura, had been notified as disturbed areas where AFSPA and state level Disturbed Areas (DA) Act, either separately or concurrently, were in operation.Bhattacharjee said civil right protection groups and some political parties of northeastern states were now vocal against continuation of AFSPA and CPIM-ML Liberation had been protesting against the attempts to suppress the people's demand.He, however, pointed out that half of the Indian Army (337,000 in J&K;, and 280,000 in entire NE) had been engaged in so-called counter-insurgency operations and sometimes their activities become a menace for innocent people of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630193", "title": "\u2018Put up green report on website\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Gadgil report on the Western Ghats must be put up on the website of ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) by May 10, the chief information commission has ruled.The ruling was given by chief information commissioner (CIC) Shailesh Gandhi while hearing an appeal by G Krishnan, a resident of Ernakulum district, Kerala.The commission has further directed the MoEF to put up reports of all panels, special committees or panels within 30 days of their receipt. If, however, the ministry feels some part of the report is exempt under certain provisions of the RTI Act, then it should record and declare the reasons for exemptions and display the report within 45 days of receipt after severing the parts claimed to be exempt.In September 2011, Krishnan sought a summary of the report and also a report on the Athirapally hydro-electric project in Kerala. The report submitted in August 2011 was denied by the Public Information Officer (PIO) on the grounds that the MoEF was of examining the report in consultation with six state governments of the Western Ghats region. The report, it said, was a draft under consideration and not ready for disclosure.When Krishnan filed a second appeal, the PIO denied information under Section 8(1)(a) of the RTI Act. This Section details grounds under which information can be denied.Krishanan then filed a second appeal before the CIC. This time, the PIO said that the state's economic and scientific interests would be prejudicially affected by the disclosure.In a written submission, the PIO explained that the methodology for demarcation of ecologically sensitive zones had been proposed in the report, which needed to be refined. Views from 11 ministries, the planning commission and six states were sought. Disclosure at this stage would lead to various proposals as per recommendations of the report, which had not been finally accepted. This would affect the state's economic interests. The PIO submitted that the MoEF intended to put up the report once the policy was finalized.The commission said that since the report had already submitted by the panel, it could not be called a draft. \"There is no provision which exempts from disclosure a report that has not been finalized or accepted by a public authority,\" said the commission.Reports, said the commission, are instrumental in influencing policy decision and it was reasonable that citizens have a say in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12635841", "title": "Gujarat riots: 18 get life imprisonment, 5 get 7-year jail in Ode massacre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A designated Special Investigation Team (SIT) court on Thursday pronounced the quantum of sentence in the Ode massacre case in which 23 people were found guilty of killing 23 Muslims in the Ode town of central Gujarat during the 2002 riots.Judge Poonam Singh punished 18 persons, guilty of murder, with life imprisonment and five others, guilty of attempt to murder, with seven-year jail term. The charges of conspiracy, rioting, arson, unlawful assembly, destruction of evidence etc were common to all 23 convicts. All the convicts were sentenced to rigorous imprisonment.The accused remained silent and calm in the courtroom when the judge pronounced quantum of punishment.The 18 convicts punished with life imprisonment were also fined with Rs 5800. The other five were slapped with a penalty of Rs 3800 under various sections.The verdict triggered a stir among the relatives of the convicts gathered in the Anand court campus. The entire campus was in an uproar as the agitated relatives shouted slogans against the judiciary and chief minister Narendra Modi . Women took the front and the SRP personnel were called in to disperse the mob.However, the relatives of the convicts continued to protest in the court campus. While a family claimed alibi for a convict, a girl Dhruti Patel said that her father, Dilip Vinu Patel, was mentally unstable and was wrongly implicated in the case.The defence lawyers Ashwin Dhagad and CK Patel were content with the sentence. \"The court has rejected prosecution's demand for capital punishment, and upheld our arguments that this incident does not fall in the category of the rarest of the rare category,\" Dhagad said. However, they said they would challenge the verdict in the state high court.On the other hand, witnesses' lawyer Irshad Mansuri expressed his dissatisfaction with the punishment handed out in one of the major post-Godhra riots cases. \"The court upheld the conspiracy charge in this case. And no death sentence for killing hapless women and children with pre-planned conspiracy is a surprise for me. We will challenge this in higher court,\" he said.Special prosecutor PN Parmar said that the SIT would decide on appealing for death sentence after perusal of the court order.The Ode massacre was one of nine sensitive 2002 riot cases that the Supreme Court had asked the SIT to probe. 23 Muslims were burnt alive, in a house in Pirawali Bhagol in which they had taken shelter on March 1, 2002, by an agitated mob of more than 1,500 people. Most of the dead were women and children. All 23 persons found guilty belong to the Patel community that is dominant in this part of Gujarat.The Ode massacre is the third case in the last 10 years, where a special court has pronounced a verdict after the SIT probed it. The first verdict came in the Sabarmati Express carnage at Godhra, which triggered the riots, after 59 people, mainly kar sevaks, were killed. Of the 31 people found guilty, 11 were given death sentence and 20 others life imprisonment terms. In the other case - the Sardarpura massacre in north Gujarat (33 people were killed)- the court sentenced 31 people to life imprisonment and acquitted 42 others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630720", "title": "Pharma conference to be held in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A conference for the Pharma Sector - 'Gujarat Pharma Conclave 2012' is being organized on Thursday 12th April, 2012 at a hotel in Ahmedabad. The conclave, expected to be attended by close to 350 delegates from across the pharma industry, is being organized jointly by the Food and Drugs Control Administration ( FDCA), Government of Gujarat in partnership with Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FIGujarat State Council at Ahmedabad.Jay Narayan Vyas, Gujarat minister for health &amp; family welfare, and Dr Gyanendra Nath Singh, drug controller general of India will inaugurate the seminar. tnnrt of a series of events planned by the Gujarat government in the run up to the Vibrant Gujarat 2013 Summit.Keeping the Vibrant Gujarat 2013 theme of knowledge advancements, the conclave will have a session on \"Convergence of Opportunities for Maximising Growth\", which will address issues like Macro Trends Shaping Pharmaceutical Industry, Challenges of R &amp; D in Pharma Industry and Perspectives on the United States - FDA Policy - to sensitise the industry players to the next level of preparedness while undertaking business expansions.There will also be a panel discussion upon issues such as educational imperatives and required reforms, job opportunities in the pharma sector, R &amp; D avenues for pharma industries through academic partnerships. Over and above there will be motivational case studies presented by successful entrepreneurs out of the State of Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631471", "title": "E-meters: Mumbai rickshaw union moves Supreme Court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union led by Sharad Rao on Wednesday filed a petition in the Supreme Court against the recent notification on compulsory electronic meters in autorickshaws.Rao wants the state notification on e-meters to be scrapped as he alleges that proper procedures were not followed by the transport department. The latter has, however, made e-meters mandatory in new autos from March 1 and in existing autos in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai from April 1.Sources in RTO said that more than 300 new autos and over a hundred existing ones have been fitted with the new meters. \"We are getting a good response from new autos in the suburbs. The rush is going to increase in the coming weeks, and commuters are thrilled,\" said assistant RTO (Wadala) Tanaji Chavan.Sources said that the union wanted to fight a legal battle and oppose introduction of e-meters in one lakh autos in Mumbai. The reason? It seemed to be more convenient continuing with the old mechanical meters (which are also easy to tamper with), sources stated. The Bombay high court had recently dismissed Rao's petition and directed the state to introduce the new e-meters in the \"general public interest\". tnnCitizens' groups too welcomed the court decision and said it was a huge victory for passengers, who have been waiting for e-meters in autos for over a year now.Rao, however, defended himself and said he was not against the e-meters in principle. \"We have a lot of doubts on the functioning of the electronic gadgets and want the government-appointed technical committee to take us into confidence before introducing the new devices. This was not done before issuing the government notification in February. We have, therefore, challenged it in the Bombay high court, and have now moved the apex court,\" he stated. The matter is likely to come up on board on Friday.Said consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande,\"We have full faith in the judiciary. Since the union has now moved the Supreme Court, it would not be appropriate for me to comment. However, we will maintain a 'wait and watch' policy till the final court verdict is out.\"He further said that the activists were respondents in the high court petition, and were likely to file a reply when the matter came up for hearing in the apex court. \"We will put forth our stand that these meters have no in-built defects, are passenger-friendly, show exact fares and distances and there is no need to carry tariff cards,\" he stated.Some consumer groups plan to intervene in the petition at a latter stage. When contacted, Shashank Rao, son of Sharad Rao, said,\"We have a legal right to move a higher court. We will continue our fight on behalf of thousands of auto drivers who have pledged support to us.\" Incidentally, it is the same union which has called for an indefinite strike across Maharashtra from the midnight of April 15. More than 7.5 lakh autos will be off the roads and the unions in Thane, Navi Mumbai, Mira Road and Kalyan will participate in the strike. Rao is confident that the strike will be a big success. It is being called to demand a Rs 5 hike in fares in Mumbai metropolitan region, and Rs 4 per km hike in other districts like Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636912", "title": "Julia was perfect to play the Witch: Tarsem Singh", "text": "Julia Roberts has been cast as the evil witch for a reason.Snow-White and Mirror Mirror are two films that have been adapted from the iconic fairytale Snow-white and the Seven Dwarfs. While Snow-White has Charlize Theron as the evil queen , Mirror Mirror has Julia Roberts playing the villain. Both actresses are exceptionally talented and gorgeous.Director Tarsem Singh revealed why he thought of Julia Roberts for the negative role.\"We were looking for someone extraordinarily beautiful and Roberts seemed to be the perfect choice. Besides, she has never been seen as an evil witch before! The casting of the film has been done quite aptly and the beautiful Lily Collins possesses the perfect blend of elegance and innocence to match up with the young Princess's character. The character of the charming prince is played by Armie Hammer who was earlier seen in The Social Network\" said Tarsem.Mirror- Mirror will release in India on 20th April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12629256", "title": "Govt defies HC on scrap market order", "text": "NASHIK: The Bombay high court had ordered that the scrap market on Ambad-Satpur Link Road be demolished by March 31, but the state government sent a letter to the civic administration during the last week of March, granting an extension of the deadline by two months.The HC being above the government, this move is construed as contempt of court.There have been demands by citizens to demolish the controversial encroachment - the scrap market at Ambad-Satpur Link Road - since the past five years. Though the civic body claims to have set up six special squads to remove the encroachments, nothing has been done to remove the scrap market.Taking cognizance of the matter, Shiv Sena's former leader of the House, Dilip Datir had filed a public interest litigation in the high court five years back. Finally, in July 2011, the Bombay high court decided to move the scrap traders from the Ambad-Satpur Link Road in response to Datir's PIL about the rising law and order problem in Chunchale Shivar area of the Ambad-Satpur Link Road. The deadline set by the HC for removing the encroachments was March 31, 2012. On being questioned, an NMC official, on condition of anonymity, revealed that the state government had sent them a letter in the last week of March, asking the NMC to extend the deadline by two months. The official said their hands were tied on account of the letter from the government, but agreed that it was contempt of court.Another official added that around 700 scrap dealers conduct their businesses there and residents face inconvenience due to the burning of plastic. \"Residents complained about this and the increasing crime rate. But there is political support for this whole thing,\" the official said.Datir said that the government's stay order is null and void since the court has already passed a verdict in his favour. \"I have also learnt that the scrap dealers have filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court now and have made me a party. I had filed the case against the backdrop of health hazards. In the writ petition, they have appealed to the MPCB (Maharashtra Pollution Control Board) asking whether their activities were polluting the environment,\" he said.The NMC's health department has said that it is hazardous to citizens, but the NMC lost the case then to the scrap dealers. \"In 2002, the NMC appealed in court and I have been pursuing this case since 2007. I will keep fighting the case till justice is given,\" he said.When asked whether he would file a contempt petition, Datir said that he would consult his lawyer on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12630011", "title": "Action against 100 shopkeeper as anti-encroachment drive continues", "text": "NAGPUR: The otherwise busy Sadar and the patch between Variety Square and Munje Chowk markets wore a deserted look on Wednesday, when the anti-encroachment squad resumed its drive to demolish illegal constructions. The squad carried out action against 100 shopkeepers and seized 10 trucks material.The squad started its drive from Munje Chowk road demolishing illegal extensions of many shops including a staircase of Haldiram. Then the squad went on to Anand Talkies road, taking action against two bicycle shops by seizing 35 branded bicycles displayed on the footpath. The squad also eased congestion in front of Mahajan market in Sitabuldi area by removing vendors on pushcarts. The squad removed encroachments from Sadar area bringing down the illegal extensions of many establishments including eating joints.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay monitored the drive. The duo also revisited Cotton Market, Central Avenue to ensure that encroachers do not return. Jaiswal said that the civic administration and city police will soon demarcate areas like Mahajan Market, Link Road etc for parking of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12628958", "title": "Arrest warrant against dead militant", "text": "GUWAHATI: A day after former Ulfa rebel Dhruba Jyoti Talukdar's decomposed body was found by city police, the designated TADA court on Wednesday issued an \"arrest warrant\" against him.The non-bailable arrest warrant was issued as he couldn't be present before the TADA court which was slated to give judgment on Wednesday in the Giridharilal Harlalka killing case, where Dhruba Jyoti was a prime accused. The warrant was issued against the deceased as police are yet to file the \"death report\" of him before court.\"The court issued a non-bailable arrest warrant as Dhruba Jyoti was absent during trail. Though we came to know that he is dead, police are yet to file the report before court. The next hearing in the case has been fixed on April 25. Police have been asked o furnish Dhruba Jyoti's status report before that,\" said counsel of the accused, Pranab Das.Apart from Dhruba Jyoti, the other accused in the case were Ulfa chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa, vice- chairman Pradip Gogoi and former foreign secretary Munin Nobis. Giridharilal Harlalka, former Kamrup Chamber of Commerce president, was allegedly killed by Ulfa militants on October 15, 1988, in the Fancy Bazar area.Earlier on March 29, the TADA court completed the hearing in the case.Meanwhile, City Police are leaving no stone unturned to find the motive behind the gruesome murder of Dhruba Jyoti. Though police are yet to arrest Mithun, another accused I the case, police said the murder was executed for his assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634707", "title": "Imagine TV shuts down", "text": "After struggling hard to get a foothold amidst a horde of Hindi Entertainment Channel for the longest time, Imagine TV is finally shutting down with effect from today.The channel which lagging behind in the TRP race was defeated even by the newly launched channel, Life Ok.The channel apparently has informed of the development to all its employees and producers. All the shows will breathe their last today and from tomorrow on, the channel will air the re-runs of all the shows.Informs a producer requesting anonymity, '\"We are left in the lurch. The channel updated us just a few hours back. Lots of money has got stuck now. We have no clue what has resulted in such an abrupt decision.\"An actor source too confirmed the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636711", "title": "Nayanthara says she won't do The Dirty Picture remake", "text": "There are rumours flying around that Nayanthara has been approached to do The Dirty Picture remake in the south.It is alleged that the actress has been approached post actress Anushka Shetty saying no to the producers.When we asked Nayanthara whether she had been approached by the producers, the south's leading actress says that she has not. Probe her further as to whether she will do this role and she says that she's not interested in this role.While Vidya Balan won critical acclaim and commercial success with the Hindi flick, not too many actresses in the south seem to be keen on essaying the role. Loosely based on yesteryear south siren Silk Smitha, The Dirty Picture shows the lady's success and her tragic downfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630846", "title": "Senior citizen's Commission", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh will have a Commission for Senior Citizens, which would recommend measures to the State government for betterment of senior citizens. Besides, a rehabilitation policy for senior citizens would also be laid, according to an official release.In order to help senior citizens go on pilgrimage, Mukhya Mantri Teerth Darshan Yojana - Chief Minister Pilgrimage Scheme for Senior Citizens will come into effect from this financial year. The Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan made these announcements while addressing a Panchayat of Senior Citizens at CM House here today. Senior citizens from across the state participated in the Panchayat and shared their views.Elaborating on the structure of Chief Minister Pilgrimage Scheme for Senior Citizens, Shri Chouhan said that senior citizens will be given assistance for pilgrimage to major pilgrimage centres. Responding to suggestions from the senior citizens, he said that more pilgrimage centres would be included. Those above 65 years of age will have attendant with them. The department of religious endowment will be nodal department for implementing the scheme. Chouhan said that every district will have Ashram for destitute aged persons. Rules for setting up such Ashrams in public private partnership mode will be laid soon. Besides, a training certificate course for taking care of old persons will also be introduced, he added.The Chief Minister said that Senior Citizens' Day would be observed in honour of services to them. He informed that Day Care Centres in urban areas would be set up in first phase for taking care of senior citizens. Effective implementation of the Parents and Senior Citizens Maintenance and Welfare Act in the state would be ensured. The committees set up in districts headed by respective SDMs under provisions of the Act would be made more powerful. Antyodaya Ration Cards would be given to the aged persons in rural areas who have no one to take care of so that they could have meals. Adequate arrangements would be made for health care of pensioners and measures would be taken for addressing their grievances. Deen Dayal Upchar Yojana and State Illness Assistance Fund would be effective for government aided Old Age Homes. Arrangements for Rain Basera (night shelters) would be set up at all major religious places for them. There would be a separate policy for the safety of senior citizens living alone in urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12629781", "title": "Land investors falling prey to builder-babu nexus", "text": "YAVATMAL: Though Yavatmal is lagging behind in industrial development, the agriculture land in the peripheral areas has become a hot cake mainly due to a strong builder-babu nexus. The builders' lobby is earning huge profits by luring investors to buy plots at unbelievable prices in the non-existing layouts.There are complaints that the authorities concerned are turning a blind eye toward illegal activities as the palms of bureaucrats in the offices of sub-divisional magistrate and district town planner were greased.Sources said that agriculture land in nearby villages like Bhosa, Godhani, Wadgaon, Kinhi, Lohara, Bhoyar, Waghpur, Pimpalgaon, Mogha and Karalgaon is owned by a handful of people who bought it at a throwaway price long back. People are eager to buy land as these villages are set to be brought under Yavatmal Municipal Council limits.Over 50 proposals of non-agriculture (NA) permission are in various stages of official process in the offices of SDO, town planning, taluka land inspector of land records, MSEB, B&C;, Jeevan Pradhikaran and others. As per rules, no one is permitted to convert agriculture land into plots until the competent authority grants NA permission. Surprisingly, the builders' lobby operating in the area manages to strike a deal with land owners and later prepare bogus residential layouts despite not having NA permission. They put up tents on the site and appoint a few unemployed youths to carry out booking of plots. They are appointed on a consolidated salary along with trade incentives.These men and women move in the society and try to convince the people. Besides, the builders release very attractive advertisements, both in print and electronic media, to cover up the illegal activities. They even launch the booking of plots in the non-existing layout with great fanfare. The hoardings are a great source of attraction for the prospective buyers.Recently, a builder from Wardha district struck a deal with the owners of the agriculture land under ghat numbers 113/1 and 113/2 having 5.89 hectares situated in the peripheral village of Bhosa and a proposal of a layout site plan with 210 plots for the NA permission was submitted to Yavatmal SDO on December 26 last year jointly by four applicants. The SDO then forwarded the proposal to the district town planning office for scrutiny and recommendations.The town planning office sent the file back by citing five major lacunae in the proposal which included the presence of three electric lines of 66 KV, 33 KV and 11 KV at the proposed site. The SDO office then communicated the objections to land owners and they submitted a revised scheme on February 14. Surprisingly, the SDO office prepared the note-sheet and sent it with SDO's sign to the town planning office the same day. It is a rare case of deciding the matter in 4-6 hours. The town planning office sent the file back to the SDO with a green signal for demarcation of land through the taluka land inspector.It does not stop here. A close look into the site reveals that most of the plots have already been booked and the builder has collected huge sum as deposits at the rate of Rs. 15 per sq. feet. In fact, no plot/layout can be ear marked on an agriculture land until the competent authority sanctions the NA permission.The proposed layout is adjacent to a duly NA converted residential layout. In between, there is a Development Plan (D.P. ) Road of 15 meters running between the main Ghatanji road and the Godhani road which is meant exclusively for public utility.Ironically, the builder has set a very attractive gate and compound walls to project the DP road as a part of his proposed layout. The builder has also paved garden tiles on the road and projected it as a pavement in his layout. The duly approved layout on the adjoining survey no. 39 has 15 plots facing the DP road and they are practically denied the approach road itself.The affected plot owners have brought this to the notice of the higher revenue authorities but of no avail. Taking the mute posture of the officers as a positive sign, the greedy builder has now made another attempt to book plots on a non existing layout in the Arni town, 35 kms away from Yavatmal city and another one is in the final stage of launching in village Waghapur of the city limit.The affected plot owners of the adjoining layout have posed a question as to how the DP road was allowed to be shown as a part of the bogus layout and how the concerned authority failed to notice it. It appears that the SDO office and the Town Planing office have jointly leased out the DP road to the mighty builder for a hefty sum in return.A high level probe will alone bring out the strong nexus between the builder and the babus in order to save the hard earned money of the needy people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12634703", "title": "Apple CEO bets dividend will not slow company's growth", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is betting that his company can keep cranking out best- selling gadgets even while paying a dividend, avoiding the fate of peers that return money to investors yet grow more slowly.Cook said yesterday that Apple will dip in to its $97.6 billion in cash and investments to pay investors $2.65 a quarter for each share owned. The Cupertino, California-based company also instituted a $10 billion share-buyback program.Dividends are often associated with companies that have matured past a rapid-growth phase and get more mileage from returning cash to shareholders than using it to generate innovative products, said Lee Pinkowitz, an associate professor of finance at Georgetown University in Washington. Apple, with a steady flow of electronics that have transformed the way people compute and communicate, is an exception, he said.\"There is this view that dividends are an admission of defeat,\" said Pinkowitz. \"Apple is unique. It has gotten to that point as a victim of its own success. They have so much cash and are making it faster than they could spend.\"Apple boosted sales 68 per cent in calendar 2011, compared with 2 per cent at AT&T; Inc, 8 per cent at Microsoft Corp and a decline at General Electric Co. All pay dividends.While Apple is more than 30 years old, it has undergone rapid growth in recent years after the introductions of the iPhone and iPad. Since the iPhone debuted in January 2007, the stock has risen more than sevenfold. The company's cash pile grew by 62 per cent last year alone.Growth, plus dividendsApple, the world's most valuable company, is attempting to heed investors' concerns that it was hoarding too much cash while avoiding the perception that it's no longer a growth company, said Giri Cherukuri, a portfolio manager at Oakbrook Investments LLC, which holds Apple shares.\"It's big enough to satisfy investors and for Apple to continue to maintain that it's a growth company,\" said Cherukuri. Cook said Apple will continue to thrive by expanding abroad, adding new business users and adding new customers for its line of Mac computers.\"We don't see a ceiling\" for the company's growth prospects, Cook said on a conference call. Surging global demand for smartphones will result in continued growth for the iPhone, Apple's top-selling product, while the iPad is the market-leader in tablet sales, he said. The Mac business is outperforming the broader market, and Apple is building an enterprise sales force to lure new business users, Cook said.'Extremely confident'\"The growth speaks for itself,\" Cook said on the call. \"I am extremely confident in our future. The pipeline is full of stuff and I think our customers are going to be incredibly pleased with what they see coming out.\"Analysts predict Apple's shares will continue to rise. At least four analysts have increased their price targets for Apple to $700 or higher in recent weeks. Morgan Keegan yesterday raised its price target for Apple to $800.Apple climbed to a record $601.10 yesterday in New York , leaving the year-to-date gain at 48 per cent. The buyback and dividend will cost Apple about $45 billion over three years. Even so, the company will be adding about $30 billion in cash per year to its balance sheet, according to Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein &amp; Co. Apple may have more than $200 billion at its disposal by 2015, he said.Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , who died in October, had long resisted calls to return some of the money to shareholders, saying that the company was keeping its \"powder dry\" in case an opportunity emerged.Temptation to wasteCook, after taking over as CEO, signaled more willingness to listen to shareholders and said earlier this year that Apple had more money that it needed to run the business.Apple's dividend was \"inevitable\" and its size will likely grow as the company adds more cash to its balance sheet, said Harry DeAngelo, professor of finance at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles. He said linking a dividend with a company's growth prospects is an \"inappropriate way of framing\" the issue.\"The cash influxes are so huge that at some point you have to ask does it make sense to keep accumulating their cash internally,\" DeAngelo said. \"The answer is an unequivocally no. When too much cash builds up, there becomes a temptation to waste it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631639", "title": "Swine flu situation is under control, says health ministry", "text": "PUNE: There has been an increase in the number of cases of pandemic influenza H1N1 reported from the states of Andhra Pradesh , Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu during March-April 2012.Small pockets of population, hitherto unexposed to the pandemic, will be affected during this period, said the Union health ministry in a press release issued through the Press Information Bureau (PIB) on Wednesday. However, the ministry maintained that the situation was well under control and was being constantly monitored.\"As reported in some sections of the press, the virus has not mutated to a more virulent form or changed its character,\" the ministry said.The director of the National Institute of Virology, Pune, has clarified that circulating strain of H1N1 pandemic virus belongs to clade 6 and 7. These clades are circulating in many countries.All are treatable with antiviral drug oseltamivir, popularly known as Tamiflu, stated the ministry.A clade is a group consisting of a single common ancestor. \"The currently available vaccine can be used, as antigenic differences are not significant. There is no mutation to suggest a change of virus to 'dangerous form',\" stated the ministry.An antigen is a substance that when introduced into the body stimulates the production of an antibody. Antigens include toxins, bacteria, foreign blood cells and the cells of transplanted organs.The World Health Organisation while declaring the pandemic over in August 2010, had conveyed that the influenza H1N1 pandemic virus would take on the behaviour of seasonal influenza virus and continue to circulate for some years to come. Hence, in the post-pandemic period, localised outbreaks of varying magnitude with significant level of H1N1 transmission are expected.\"Subsequent to this declaration, our country had experienced major outbreaks during the period August to October 2010 and again from May 2011 to July 2011. Now, in March-April 2012, there is an increased number of cases of pandemic influenza A H1N1 reported from some states,\" the ministry said.\"In the first week of March almost 30% of referred samples were positive for H1N1 in Pune, this has now come down to approximately 10%,\" the ministry stated.A large number of these cases will present a mild influenza-like illness and as such requires no testing or anti-viral drug treatment.\"However, it is important to get oneself examined at the nearest hospital in the initial part of the illness to detect moderate illness and other associated risk factors/diseases that require hospitalisation,\" the health ministry said.The anti-viral drug oseltamivir is available free of cost through the state public health system. It is also available with retail chemists licensed to keep Schedule X drugs.A central stockpile of about 8 million doses of oseltamivir is also maintained. As the virus is circulating within the country, there is no need to impose travel restrictions or screening at inter-state points of entry, railway stations etc, said the ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12631130", "title": "Peoples Liberation Front of India burns vehicles in Khunti", "text": "RANCHI: At a time when the security forces apparently got the better of the CPI ( Maoist) after it launched a massive offensive against the outfit in the state, its splinter group the Peoples Liberation Front of India (PLFI) is giving sleepless nights to the administration.Suspected members of the banned PLFI on Wednesday torched three vehicles including two passenger jeeps and one tractor near Binda village, about 40 km from here, under Murhu police station of Khunti district.Reportedly, this is the second such incident in a week when the PLFI rebels made a planned and calculated attempt to spread panic across the state capital. On last Sunday, PLFI members had set ablaze earthmovers at the project site of Power Grid Corporation of India Limited ( PGCIL) at Bedo, about 35 km from here.Khunti SP Venu Tamilvanan said the rebels led by area commander Munna stopped two passenger jeeps on Wednesday morning and ordered the passengers to alight. Once they got down the rebels set the vehicles afire. \"The passengers overheard the rebels telling the drivers that this was their punishment for plying vehicles on a strike day,\" said the SP.Finally, before making a retreat towards the jungle, the rebels torched a tractor transporting sand from a nearby river. \"We have launched a combing operation in the area and escorted the passengers to a safer place,\" said the SP.Jharkhand police spokesman IG RK Mallik termed the PLFI attacks as desperate attempts to make their presence felt in the rural areas of the state.\"We have been exerting pressure on PLFI and have even arrested most of their active members. The organization is on the verge of getting wiped out,\" said Mallik adding that those small incidents would not deter security forcers from continuing their offensive against the Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12631157", "title": "Lashkar-e-Taiba licence trail brings Delhi cops to Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: The district transport department is under scanner following a recent revelation made by the special cell of Delhi police that the driving licences of three terrorists of Lashkar-e-Taiba had been made in the Steel City.A team led by additional Delhi police DCP Sanjeev Kumar Yadav had conducted an inquiry into the matter and had asked district transport officer (DTO) Vijay Kumar Gupta to provide photocopies of the driving licences of two terrorists, Siraj Ahmed and Ziyauddin Ahmed, arrested in Delhi a few weeks ago, and another absconding terrorist, Anjat Hussain.Gupta said the special cell officer told him that the terrorists had made their passports under the 'tatkal' scheme from the Jharkhand passport office by producing driving licences issued from its office. Using the passports, they had travelled to Pakistan and undergone terrorist training there. The officers have also recovered voter identity cards and school-leaving and residential certificates made in Chas, Bokaro. The trio originally belong to Darbhanga district of Bihar.Gupta said their driving licences contain name of its office but on verifying the driving licence registration numbers mentioned on them, they found that those numbers had been issued to two women. The number of Siraj is issued in the name of Neeta Sinha while that of Ziyauddin is registered in the name of Manisha. Besides, Hussain's registration number was never issued. \"It indicates that the licences are fake,\" said Gupta. He added that the three driving licences were issued in 2009 when the licence-making process was done manually here. The licences mentioned their addresses as Ansari Mohalla, Chas.After the arrival of the Delhi special cell team, senior police officers here have swung into action to find out possible terrorist links in the city.The officers of the foreign section department dealing with passport verification, after assessing the records, found that the three of them had applied for passports in 2010. But during police verification, the officers found their addresses, phone numbers and photographs doubtful and marked negative in their recommendations to the state passport office. It seems the arrested terrorists made fake driving licences, identity cards and other certificates after failing to get them done here.A police officer said the special cell officers have not either met or informed them about the purpose of their visit to Bokaro.His office has not recommended any of their names to the passport office as they are not verified. Based on their negative recommendation the state passport office had also canceled their passport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631670", "title": "Akhilesh, Bukhari's son-in-law yet to file nomination papers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fending any sign of worries caused by its two warring Muslim leaders -urban development minister Mohammed Azam Khan and Ahamed Bukhari -- the ruling Samajwadi Party on Wednesday engaged itself in politics of biennial elections by fielding a total six candidates-- one for the lone Rajya Sabha seat and five for the UP legislative Council poll.What was the matter of keen interest was that Bukhari's son-in-law, Umar Ali Khan, whose candidature was declared by the SP after he lost assembly election on party ticket from Muslim-dominated Behati constituency in Saharanpur district, did not turn up to file his nomination. This assumed significance in the backdrop of Bukhari's stance, who had shown his displeasure with the party and sought more representation to Muslims.However, the SP chose to downplay this, saying that nothing should be construed from this as the last date for filing the nomination is April 16. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav himself is yet to file his papers. The elctoral college for these election consists of members of the UP legislative Assembly. In a house of 402 with one seat lying vacant after the resignation of Jayant Chaudhry of the RLD from Mant assembly constituency in Mathura district, the ruling SP is can win eight seats with a strength of 225. Each winning candidate needs a total 30 votes.As for the Rajya Sabha seat, the SP candidate, Arvind Kumar is sure to win. This is a seat fallen vacant following the resignation of Rasheed Mashood, who has now joined the Congress after severing his ties with the SP.Prominent among those who filed their nominations for the council poll are revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary and Dr Madhu Gupta. Through council nomination, both of them have been rehabilitated by the party. While Ambika Chaudhary lost the assembly election this time, Madhu Gupta has contested unsuccessfully both the Lok Sabha and Mayoral election. Other three who filed their nominations on Wednesday are Naresh Chand Uttam, Ram Sakal Gurjar and Vijay Yadav.A total 13 council seats are lying vacant. Against them, the SP can win eight seats, BSP three and one each by the BJP and the Congress-RLD combine. The last date for filing nomination is April 16. The scrutiny of nomination papers will be held on April 17 and if there are just 13 candidates in the fray, then the results will be declared officially on the date of withdrawal of names on April 19. And if there are more than 13 candidates in the fray, then the election will be held on April 26 and then it would be an interesting contest, as the cross-voting is bound to take place in that case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631194", "title": "Mango exports decrease due to 30% drop in production", "text": "PUNE: A drop in production of mangoes by about 30% this season has affected export orders of growers from Maharashtra.Production of Alphonso, supposed to be the most superior variety of mangoes, has declined by around 50%, pushing the export prices up. Exports to the US are likely to decline by about 10%.Besides, there have been no orders from Japan this year, said officials of the Maharashtra State Agricultural Marketing Board (MSAMB) and city-based exporters.\"The US had placed a demand for 150 metric tonnes of Alphonsos. But, due to less production (just 1.5 metric tonnes per hectare) we would be able to meet a demand for about 75 metric tonnes only. Japan, which had imported about 6,422 kg Alphonsos in 2011, has placed no orders this year because of last year's Tsunami ,\" said an official of the MSAMB.Exports to the US have been on a decline too. After exporting 275 metric tonnes in 2008, the MSAMB could dispatch only 84.48 metric tonnes to the US in 2011. It is expected to come down further by about 10% to 75 metric tonnes, the official said.Vivek Bhide, a mango grower and exporter from Malgund in Ratnagiri, said that growers have witnessed a constant decline in production in the last three years, beginning November 2009. \"There was just 30-35% crop in 2010 and about 20-25% in 2011. This year will probably see 15 to 20% mango production. The climatic changes in the Konkan belt, coupled with erratic winters, have led to this fall. The night temperature has gone down below 9 degrees Celsius in the past, with day time temperature going up to 36 degrees,\" said Bhide. A huge difference in the day and night temperatures affects flowering in mango trees adversely. Bhide added that since 2010, average production in his farm has reduced by 70%. As a result, he has cancelled all export orders this time.Sanjay Pansare, director of the Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC), Mumbai, confirmed that export orders have declined. \"Around this time last year, we got 20-25,000 boxes of mangoes, which have come down to just 10,000 boxes this time. Of this, 30% is the export supply. Exports this year have come down by over 50%,\" said Pansare.Mandar Desai, who owns 700-acre mango plantation in Ratnagiri, said that export prices of the fruit have gone up by 50%. \"Last year, per dozen alphonsos were sold at an export cost of Rs 700-1,000 per dozen. This time, the cost has gone up to Rs 1,200-1,600 per dozen. Supply in the local retail market is also 10-15% of what it was last year,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629921", "title": "'Go away, it is my office...'", "text": "NAGPUR: As if narrow roads and unscrupulous builders hijacking parking places in buildings are not enough, city motorists are also harassed by increasing number of private bodies that monopolize the public road in front of their establishment for private use.Shopkeepers in busy city markets put iron stands or construct concrete platforms to keep their frontage free of vehicles. Now several establishments, hospitals and even housing societies in posh localities are going a step ahead actively preventing people, especially visitors, from parking vehicles on adjacent streets or keep it reserved only for their own vehicles.Some have appointed security guards who brusquely orders drivers away. At some places, the establishment owners have also put up 'No Parking', 'Visitors parking not allowed' boards while some of even put up barricades to keep unwanted vehicles away. This is illegal, of course, but traffic police have so far not woken up to the problem.Meanwhile, motorists in congested places like Sitabuldi, Central Bazar Road, Wardha Road, Dharampeth or Sadar main road and even residential areas like Ramdaspeth, Khare Town and Laxmi Nagar in the city sometimes have to park their vehicles several hundred metres from where they intend to go for want of parking space. These offices, hospital or shop owners block swathes of road in front. A chartered accountant in Giripeth even blocks the opposite side of road for himself.Phoenix Infra Estate, a builder and developer, that has office on Wardha Road close to Lokmat Square, has a security guard keeping the place reserved for his owners and staff's vehicles. TOI saw him asking several people to park vehicle elsewhere as his boss would be arriving soon and the 'space' was reserved.Yogesh Nashine, owner of the company, admitted he had ordered the guard to do so and accepted it was illegal method too. \"If we have office here and have two three vehicles, where do we park? On the entire stretch wherever you go nobody allows you to park vehicle. We also face similar problem if we try to park vehicle in front of other shops,\" he said.Being a builder, he should know a building is supposed to provide for its own parking. In any case, that is not the problem of ordinary motorists who have as much right to the road as him. Blaming both Nagpur Municipal Corporation and traffic police, Nashine said there was enough space below Sitabuldi and other flyovers. \"The problem will be resolved totally, if they allowed car parking for shop owners under it,\" he added.At many residential areas where new offices have opened and employees park vehicles outside the offices. Here too employers have appointed security guards and block roads for their own vehicles and do not allow others to park. C S Gajbhiye, a security guard near such an office in Dharampeth, often rudely tells drivers to go away. When asked by TOI, however, he denied he does so. \"We only request visitors to park vehicles at some distance from office gate. Its public place, how can we object to people parking here,\" he innocently asked.The owner of the office requesting anonymity also said there were no instructions to security guard to block others' vehicles. \"As we park our vehicle for the entire day he is there for security purpose. He only requests people to park their vehicles properly,\" he added. Motorists complained of similar treatment by a prominent jeweller on West High Court Road near Bajaj Nagar square.Nagpur: City traffic police have warned of stern action against establishment that block roads by any means to keep it free or prevent others from parking their vehicles on a public road. DCP (Traffic) Jeevraj Dabhade informed that during ongoing anti-encroachment drive with Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), they had removed many such structures from Sadar, Sitabuldi, Dharampeth, Ramdaspeth and other areas.\"The drive is continuing and whenever we find people encroaching on footpaths, on roads and preventing people from parking vehicle, action will be initiated,\" he said. Asked about practice of deplying guards to prevent people from parking on public roads, Dabhade said that nobody could monopolize public places like roads and footpaths. \"Footpaths and street sides are meant for walking and parking. Drivers can register their complaint if anybody objects to them parking a vehicle in authorized parking area,\" Dabhade said.Meanwhile, in Ramdaspeth area, TOI found that despite a rule about residential-cum-commercial buildings having at least three metres space on one side for visitors' parking, many big buildings did not leave such space vacant. On the contrary, at many places there are signboards saying 'visitors' vehicles not allowed'. Under present rules, there is no provision for visitors' parking in purely residential buildings but it was found that even if they have space, the guards do not allow visitors' vehicles inside the compound, creating mess on entire stretch.Charu Nanotkar, a driver, said these days iron stands put up by shopkeepers and offices and their guards had become a nuisance. \"Wherever I go, in markets or residential areas, I drop my boss at one place and park at some distance to avoid arguments and even fights,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629797", "title": "An initiative to forge a literary bond", "text": "KOLKATA: It had signalled the beginning of a new friendship through music last February. Now, it's time for Maitree Bandhan to step into the world of theatre and literature and re-discover the common cultural thread that remains the strongest unifying factor between the two Bengals. A joint initiative by The Times of India and Prothom Alo - Bangladesh's largest newspaper - to forge stronger bonds between the two neighbours, the Maitree Bandhan Literary Festival gets underway on April 14, the Bengali New Year's day.Actors, writers, poets and elocutionists from either side of the Indo-Bangladesh border will converge in Kolkata to perform and exchange ideas, further strengthening our cultural link and celebrating our shared literary heritage.The festival starts with an evening of theatre at the GD Birla Sabhagar. A drama - \"Kohe Birangana\", directed by Subhashish Sinha, an eminent stage personality of Bangladesh, will flag off the meet. It will be followed by a play by Kaushik Sen. Inspired by Michael Madhusudan Dutta's \"Birangana Kabya\", it will be a solo performance, interspersed with Manipuri dance and music. \"My play is a mix of poetry, drama, music and dance. I am eagerly looking forward to performing in Kolkata. Maitree Bandhan is a unique idea and an ideal platform for artistes like us to forge ties with our Indian counterparts and exchange ideas,\" said Sinha.On the second day of the festival on April 16, writers Syed Manzaurool Islam and Anisul Hoque of Bangladesh will take part in a discussion with Indian author Namita Gokhale at the Town Hall. She is expecting a very interesting session, one that will help to reiterate that literature has no borders, said Gokhale. \"It's a proven fact that political borders don't apply to literature. Culture and language transcend boundaries. In our sub-continent, Urdu, Tamil, Bengali and Sindhi literature continue to be shared by India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. Urdu and Bengali literature, particularly, continue to thrive and expand borders in the region,\" said Gokhale.The third day of the festival will see a reading and recitation session. Asaduzzaman Noor of Bangladesh will regale the audience with his passionate recitations. He will share the stage with Indian stage personalities Rudraprasad Sengupta and Sohini Halder.A lively interaction of authors on April 18 will mark the conclusion of the meet. Veteran author Sunil Gangopadhyay will engage in a deliberation on Bengali literature with Bangladeshi writer Abdullah Abu Sayeed.\"It's always good to interact with Bangladeshi writers and know their viewpoints. Since our literature is extremely popular there and continues to be patronized by their readers, we perhaps need to take an initiative to acquaint ourselves more with their writings. There are numerous facets which could come to the fore during these exchanges,\" said Gangopadhyay.Complimentary passes are available on first-come-first-served basis at the Times Of India office at 105/7 A SN Banerjee Road, Kolkata -14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12631420", "title": "All Jharkhand Students Union Party serves ultimatum to Bokaro Steel", "text": "BOKARO: All Jharkhand Students Union Party (AJSUP) along with several other groups have threatened to go on an indefinite strike disrupting rail transport of raw materials to Bokaro Steel (BSL) on May 30 if their demands for job and compensation to the displaced families in the area are not met.Several hundred displaced people on Wednesday participated in a 'hunkar' rally in Sector-IV demanding jobs from the BSL management against the land acquired by the firm for setting up a steel plant. The demonstrators disrupted traffic for hours on the main road creating difficulty for the commuters. The rally was led by AJSUP MLA of Chandankyari, Umakant Rajak and leaders of 12 displaced groups supported Rajak in the movement. The demonstrators took out a procession on the streets of BSL township before assembling in front of the town and administration building of the firm. Women and children also participated in the rally in large numbers. They shouted slogans against the BSL management and waved placards demanding jobs.Rajak said the deadline for negotiations with the management has expired. They have served an ultimatum to the BSL management asking them to pay compensation or face the brunt of the displaced families.\"We will block rail service and disrupt supply of raw materials to and from BSL for an indefinite period. We are ready to fight a battle with the BSL management,\" said Rajak.BSL spokesperson Sanjay Tiwari said they have already provided jobs to 16,000 displaced persons. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12631050", "title": "Industries minister's 'Janata Darbar'", "text": "PANAJI: Shiroda MLA and industries minister Mahadev Naik has organized a 'Janata Darbar' on April 12, at 10.30am, at the Shivanath hall, Shiroda, to take note of the grievances of those residing in his constituency.Talk on 'good governance' at GCCI: The Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( GCCI), in association with Goa University's department of political science, will organize a talk on 'Good governance: The road ahead' by Maj Gen (Retd) Vinod Saighal, founder of Movement for Restoration of Good Governance, New Delhi, on April 12, at 5.30pm, at GCCI's conference hall, opposite Azad Maidan, Panaji. The talk is arranged by V A Pai Panandiker, the founder president of the Centre for Policy Research, New Delhi, and the event is being supported by Shri Atmaram Pai Panandiker Trust. The talk is open to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631828", "title": "Amausi\u2019s new terminal under CBI lens", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Wednesday conducted simultaneous raids at 17 locations in connection with irregularities in the Rs 129 crore project involving construction of a new terminal at Amausi airport in Lucknow. Allegations are that substandard material and inexperienced hands were used to execute the project compromising on the quality, schedule and cost of the project. The CBI sleuths have reportedly stumbled upon evidences suggesting direct association of a former Union minister for civil aviation and a senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader with the two companies involved in the project which are now under the scanner.The raids have virtually grounded the Terminal II project at the airport days before its gala inauguration slated for the next week. Union minister for civil aviation Ajit Singh was to preside over the ceremony. The airport has been renamed after his father Chaudhary Charan Singh. Now that the CBI probe is under way, the Airport Authority of India (AAI) will have to seek due clearance from the CBI and the designated court before it can throw open the new terminal for public use.Not only this, the AAI will have to procure fresh fitness certificates from technical committees before putting to use the new tarmac and the hanger that are parts of the new terminal.The CBI sources said it was yet to be ascertained if the political persons associated with PNC Infratech Limited (PNSIL) or IPL-Brahmaputra Infrastructure Ltd (IPLBIL) - the two companies being probed - had played any role in helping the companies bag the contracts or used their influence to help them get something out of the way. \"We will look into all the aspects of the case including the role of promoters and owners of the companies with regards to the crime that is under investigation,\" said a CBI official.The two companies are into government contracts for National Highways and other big projects. The PNC Infratech Limited executes a majority of National Highway Authority of India's project and also manages a good number of toll collection barriers across the country.Spread across 20,000 square meters of area, the double-storey building was to be equipped with state-of-the-art equipment and machinery apart from specified space for international immigration, security check for domestic flight and customs. The terminal was to accommodate a reserve lounge, first-aid cell, child care, coffee bar, smoking zones and toilets. A total of four conveyor belts were to be installed while three elevators and three escalators were also a part of the upgraded new terminal. Two parking lots of capacity 1,500 vehicles have been developed in front of the building.Apart from rampant use of substandard material, the sleuths are also investigating the reasons which led to the delay in completion of the project and also if the two companies have concealed any important information related to their business aspects that they should have informed the AAI compulsorily while seeking the contract. The project was to be completed in 2010.The CBI raided a total of 17 locations including the new terminal where samples of the construction material used in different parts of the project were secured for chemical analysis. The sleuths also searched the Lucknow office of PNSIL and its headquarters at Kamla Nagar in Agra along with three residential locations in the Taj city that were used by Chakresh, Lokesh and Nitin Jain - the key persons in the company.Sleuths searched the office and residential premises of deputy general manager AAI Alok Biswas in Delhi and Kolkata. The agency was however yet to decide on searching the premises of SK Bhaskar Reddy in Hydrabad and Sanjeev Jithani in Delhi. The two are the key persons of IPLBIL. Initial investigations have revealed that though the companies under the scanner have completed the work worth Rs 80 crore but have been issued payments to the tune of Rs 83 crore. The CBI also raided the residential and official premises of senior managers Anupam Verma and PK Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12631423", "title": "Road block after accident kills one", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jugsalai station road remained blocked for several hours on Wednesday morning, following the death of a middle-aged man in an accident. Ramlal Sahu, 50, resident of Baghbera was on his way to Jugsalai on a motorcycle when a damaged electric pole fell on him near Tata Pigments company gate. The victim died on the spot. The accident led to traffic congestion on one lane of the two-way traffic. However, the situation was brought under control after police intervention. Later in the day, the victim's family and acquaintances reached the police station demandingcompensation and action against the noted corporate house for not replacing the damaged electric pole on time. Police promised to take action against the agency, if found guilty.\"We have lodged a case in this connection,\" said Jugsalai OC Vijay Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12632593", "title": "Maoists release Italian hostage Paolo Bosusco", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maoists have finally released Italian hostage Paolo Bosusco who was in their captivity since March 14.According to Times Now, the Maoists relased Paolo in Mohona village of Odisha.Earlier, there were reports that the Maoists have set a new demand for the release of the Italian hostage.TV reports claimed that the Maoists wanted the release of Aarti Manjhi before freeing Paolo.Aarti Manjhi's bail plea is likely to come up for hearing in court later today.There was suspense over the release of the Italain hostage since Thursday morning with some reports suggesting that he might have been released on Wednesday night.On Thursday, Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda had welcomed some steps taken by the Odisha government and had hinted at release of the Italian hostage.However, the fate of Biju Janata Dal legislator Jhina Hikaka who has been in the captivity of another group of rebels since March 24 also remains uncertain as the rebels refused to release him unless their demands were met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630760", "title": "Unanimous support to admit out-of-state students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The proposal of allowing students from other states to take admission into engineering and pharmacy colleges of Gujarat has got unanimous support from all college administrations. Though, there are certain controversial and contentious issues that need be addressed before the proposal can become a reality.The admission committee for professional courses (ACPC) had recently come up with a proposal to reserve five percent of the total number of seats in self-financed engineering and pharmacy colleges for students from other states. Members of ACPC has sought the opinion from all college managements and Thursday is the last day for submitting opinions.While most college administrators have welcomed the move, they do want some clarity. In replies sent to ACPC mMany college administrators have insisted that the quota should not infringe in the 25 per cent of management quota . tnn\"These seats are allocated by individual college managements to students for a fee. Even if the five percent quota for students of other states is included in the management quota, the power of admission should rest with us,\" said a principal of a city-based college.Last year out of 6,000 seats, 4,100 seats remained empty. Eight colleges also have applied for closing operations. In engineering colleges too no less than 5,000 seats remained vacant in the last academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12629951", "title": "Defaulting colonizers to face imprisonment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shocked over arrears of more than Rs 3,500 crore, Haryana government has finally woken up against colonizers who defaulted in payment of External Development Charges (EDC) and other levies to the town and country planning department (T&CP;).Courtesy an amendment made in the Haryana development and Regulation of Urban Areas Act 1975, the defaulting colonizers are now faced with civil imprisonment till the outstanding arrears are cleared. The amendment approved by Haryana governor on Monday is expected to be notified by Friday, officials in T&CP; department said. Around 150 colonizers across the state are from the National Capital Region (NCR) of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonipat, Rohtak and Palwal, officials said.Besides citing the huge amount being shown as outstanding arrears accumulated over the past two decades, officials reason the move, initiated after 35 years of enactment of the Act, as measure taken by Haryana government to keep a check on private colonizers who would generally escape the liability after paying a partial amount as EDC and other levies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12629971", "title": "Khaps warn against film on honour killing in festival", "text": "ROHTAK: After having successfully blocked the screening of Bollywood movie, Khap-A story of honour killing, at the time of its release last year, the khap panchayats have warned the district administration against showing the film in the international film festival being organized in Rohtak.A delegation of various khap panchayats met Rohtak deputy commissioner Vikas Gupta on Wednesday demanding to withdraw the screening of movie in the three-day film festival from April 12-14. The first-ever film festival is being organized under the aegis of the newly set up state film and television institute, and the district administration.Pradhan of Meham Chaubisi khap Randhir Singh told TOI on Wednesday that they had been opposing screening of the movie as it threatened to harm the social fabric in the region. \"The movie has shown the khap panchayats in bad light,\" he said.The khap leader, who is an octogenarian, said he was bedridden, so a delegation led by his representative Satbir Siwach had met the Rohtak DC, who had promised not to screen the movie in the film festival. DC Vikas Gupta said he was yet to take a decision on their demand.The film directed by Ajai Sinha starring Om Puri in lead role has highlighted the burning topic of honour killings. Those supporting the movie maintained that honour killing is a grave problem in certain parts of the country and deserves serious discussion in different forums like mass media including the film.\"Intolerance by the khap panchayats indicated that they are still way behind from the present times and were also trying to stall the march of younger generation to catch up with the open societies,\" said Manoj Kadian, a youngster who is eagerly waiting the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12632028", "title": "Gujarat\u2019s first vintage wheels club rolls out", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Time will be rolled back by some 80 years when granddaddies of automobiles ride bumper-to-bumper with latest SUVs and hatchbacks on the city's roads this Sunday.Classics like the Jaguar XK 140, Buick, the Hudson Essex, Austins and pre-war Morris Minors will roll out near Law Garden as part of a unique initiative. Like-minded owners of antique wheels have formed the state's first Gujarat Vintage and Classic Car Club (GVCCC).On Sunday, the first 22 members have organized a rally from Law Garden to CG Road, Parimal Garden, Cantonment, RTO and Dafnala to announce the launch of the club.Until the club was formed, most of these old beauties were gathering dust in garages, had been turned into garden installations in farmhouses, or had ended up in breakdown bazaars. The cars have now been restored by their owners and brought back to life. Subodh Nath, the founder member of GVCCC, says, \"The club will create opportunities for the cars to come out often and spread awareness on the need to preserve these vintage wonders. Today, owners face difficulty maintaining these cars. Our club will reach out to them with a helping hand.\"Another member, Parthsarthi Medh, says, \"GVCCC can also help owners who want to restore their cars by networking with dealers, mechanics, collectors of vintage car parts and accessories around the world. One of our founding members, Navroz Tarapore, liaisons with such groups.\"Medh owns a Morris Minor SV four-seater touring - which is among the four left on the planet. \"I procured it from a friend and spent the next two years sourcing its tyres from the UK, spark plugs, and pistons from collectors in Australia. Today, armed with a database of dealers, one cane source the spare parts in far less time,\" adds Medh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12631208", "title": "Gumla district administration gears up to finish pending work", "text": "Gumla: The district administration has, of late, launched a campaign to complete the pending irrigation well schemes in the district. All senior district authorities and BDOs have been assigned the task of monitoring to make sure that work underway gets completed on the stipulated time. DC Rahul Sharma will personally inspect several well schemes on Thursday and MGNREGA officer-in-charge and MESO project officer Jagjeet Singh will accompany him.In the last fiscal a huge number of irrigation well schemes were taken up under the MGNREGA in this agro- based district. Out of 5427 such schemes 2758 had been completed while the administration was focusing on the rest for which work was still on, said Singh.A campaign involving all senior officers and BDOs, MGNREGA functionaries and panchayat representatives had been started to ensure all the pending well schemes in the district get over on time, he said.Weekly target for the completion of such schemes had been set and all BDOs had been directed to meet it, said assistant project officer Rampal Singh of DRDA Gumla.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12630974", "title": "Zaheda hints CBI shielding Tarun Vijay, Dhruv", "text": "INDORE: The prime accused in Shehla Masood murder case, interior designer Zahida Parvez on Wednesday indicated that senior BJP leaders Tarun Vijay and Dhruv Narayan Singh were the main persons whom the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) was allegedly shielding.In a new twist to the case, Zaheda in reply to a question from the media while being escorted back to Indore district jail from special CBI court after the hearing reportedly named Tarun and Dhruv, both who were known to Shehla Masood.On March 30 when she was being taken back to Indore district jail from the court, Zaheda had accused the CBI of shielding the main accused but she chose not to take anyone's name. On Wednesday, when the media persons repeatedly asked her; \"Do you think senior BJP leaders Tarun Vijay and Dhruv Narayan Singh were involved in the case?\" the accused alleged 'they are deeply involved.'MLA from Bhopal Dhruv Narayan Singh has been on radar of the investigating agency ever since his named figured in the diary of Zaheda. He had also been made to undergo a lie-detector test on February 25 last. Tarun Vijay too was said to be a close friend of the slaim RTI activist.Meanwhile, Special CBI magistrate judge Dr Shubhra Singh extended the judicial custody of Zaheda, her friend Saba Farooqui, Saqib Ali 'Danger,' Irfan Ali and Tabish till April 24.During her appearance in the court on Wednesday, Saba agreed to register her statement under section 164 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). The judge, Dr Singh has asked Saba to appear on April 13 to register her statement under section 164.Zaheda had already got her statement registered under section 164 before the judge. However, Saqib 'Danger' has not yet given his consent for registering his statement under the section. The judge heard all the five accused separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12632521", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to file papers for legislative council poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav would file his nomination papers on Thursday for the biennial elections to 13 seats of legislative council slated for April 26 next.Yadav and Samajwadi Party spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary would be filing their nomination papers, SP sources here said.Yadav, sworn in as the youngest chief minister of the state on March 15 last, is now not a member of any of the houses of the legislature.Meanwhile, five nomination papers were on Wednesday filed for the biennial elections.Notable among those who filed their papers are revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary, Madhu Gupta, Naresh Chand Uttam , Ram Sakal Gurjar and Vijay Yadav (all belonging to SP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631202", "title": "Single kitchen for mid-day meals?", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is planning to start a centralised kitchen facility for preparing mid-day meals for students in civic schools from the new academic year starting June. The move is aimed at improving quality of food and hygiene during preparation as well as preventing possibilities of food poisoning.On April 7, as many as 132 students of municipal primary school no 5 at Janata Vasahat were admitted to different hospitals with complaints of vomiting and nausea after they ate idlis served under the mid-day meal scheme. Idli samples sent for testing to the state public health laboratory were found contaminated with E Coli bacterium, certain strains of which can cause food poisoning and may even be life threatening. Based on the laboratory report, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on Tuesday decided to file a criminal case against the mid-day meal service provider, Sai Vyavasaik Gat, a self-help group.Speaking to TOI, chairperson of the municipal school board Sangeeta Tiwari said, \"We have written a letter to the civic administration asking them to explore the option of having a centralised kitchen facility. Such a facility has been running successfully in Aurangabad.\"Tiwari said a centralised facility for preparing food for 10,000 to 25,000 students should be established from where the food should be distributed to schools. The organisation running the kitchen should be held responsible for the quality of the food, she added.The mid-day meal scheme was initiated by the state government for students from std I to VIII. The civic body proposed to extend the scheme to students studying in nurseries too and the proposal was approved by the standing committee in 2008.The civic body has been spending Rs 10 lakh every month to provide the mid-day meals to over 40,000 students. The urban community department runs the scheme with the help of more than 160 women self-help groups.Deputy commissioner Dnyaneshwar Molak, who is in charge of the urban community department, said the civic body has prepared a report about setting up of a centralised kitchen. \"Expressions of interest were sought from various organisations to run the kitchen. Eight organisations have submitted their applications and most of them fulfill the requirements,\" he said.Molak further said the requirements included availability of kitchen space and hygienic conditions to prepare the food as well as manpower to transport the food. The organisation that will run the kitchen will be required to get no objection certificates from departments like health and fire and license from the FDA.Meanwhile, health activists have expressed concern that any systemic and human error in the preparation and packaging of meals at the central kitchen could create a havoc. \"The food prepared at the central kitchen will be distributed at all PMC-runs schools. If any instance of food poisoning takes place, its impact will be on larger scale. So more precautions will need to be taken in the central kitchen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629600", "title": "Chain snatchers have a field day", "text": "PATNA: Even as CM Nitish Kumar convened a high-level meeting of the DMs and the SPs to review law and order in the state, two incidents of chain snatching were reported from the city on Wednesday. In both the incidents, the criminals opened fire and none dared to help the victims.In the first incident that took place near Officers' Flat on Bailey Road under Kotwali police station, one Sudehi Sinha (52), a resident of Boring Canal Road, was relieved of her gold chain by motorcycle-borne criminals when she was on a morning stroll at around 6 am.The police said that as usual Sinha came out of her Boring Canal Road residence for morning walk. As she reached near Officers' Flat, two youths, riding a motorcycle, intercepted her and snatched her gold chain, the police said.When Sinha resisted their attempt and raised an alarm, the criminals hit her head with pistol butt causing injuries to her. The police said that as a large number of people assembled on the spot, the criminals opened two rounds in the air to terrorize the people and sped away from there. On getting information, the Kotwali police reached the spot and started investigation into the case. Kotwali police station SHO Aman Kumar said that the miscreants fired only one round in the air to terrorize the people while retreating.In another incident, motorcycle-borne criminals snatched a gold chain from Swastika (25) near a private clinic under Agamkuan police station when she was returning to her residence on Road No. 12, Rajendra Nagar, after dropping her son at a local school at around 6.30 am.The police said that as Swastika was on her way to her residence, two motorcycle-borne youths intercepted her and snatched her gold chain. The police said that when Swastika raised an alarm, the criminals opened fire in the air and sped away from there. Agamkuan police station SHO P K Jha said that the criminals involved in the chain snatching have been identified and raids were on to arrest them.It may be mentioned here that motorcycle-borne criminals had snatched a gold chain from a housewife, Meena Devi, on Monday at Vijaynagar locality under Agamkuan police station. The incident took place when Meena was on way to Hajipur with her son.In the past couple of months, there have been several incidents of chain snatching registered with different police stations in Patna .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12630880", "title": "10% hike in Karnataka outlay for 12th Plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission approved over 10% hike in the plan allocation of Karnataka for the current fiscal at Rs 42,030 crore. The plan outlay for 2011-12 was Rs 38,070.The annual plan size for fiscal 2012-13 was finalized here on Wednesday at a meeting between deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Karnataka CM D V Sadananda Gowda.During the meeting, the deputy chairman said that the state has a good record both in expenditure realization and fiscal prudence. He said Karnataka can play a more important role in helping other states to introduce technology for improving governance.Ahluwalia pointed out, \"More focused attention was needed in agriculture and infrastructure sectors and state should encourage public private partnership.\" However, attention was drawn to the slowdown of Karnataka's growth rate that is lagging behind the national average along with a special focus to give fillip to education and health sectors.The Commission also drew attention towards regional imbalance in social indicators and stressed on the need to reduce disparities. It recommended area-based intervention.Briefing the Commission, Gowda said that Karnataka is one of the few major states that have consistently realized more resource than what was budgeted in the five year Plans. The state is likely to achieve an expenditure of Rs 1,14,152 crore against an allocation of Rs 1,01,664 crore in the 11th Five Year Plan (2007-12), he added.Karnataka CM said steps are being initiated for ensuring better service delivery with efficiency, transparency, timeliness and accountability and to curtail red tape in implementation of the \"Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizen's Act, 2011\" covering 151 services across 11 departments.Gowda said Karnataka is among the few states to start the outcome-based monitoring through the Result Framework Document developed by the Centre, and is in the process of examining and implementing the Karnataka's Expenditure Reforms Commission's report that focuses on the planning process, size and nature of schemes and subsidy.Commenting on the priorities of the 12th Plan, Ahluwalia said that it would have incentive for efficient water management as water crisis is a more serious challenge than energy security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636340", "title": "Shanshank sethi supports education cause", "text": "Shashank Sethi is currently seen in the prominent role of Mitlesh in Raakesh Paswan's Afsar Bitiya and has a good body of work having done shows like Kya Dil Mein Hai, Kuch Is Tarah Kasturi and Choti Bahu, Shraddha.Sajan Ghar Jana Hai. He says, \"I gave a simple audition and it cracked. Afsar Bitiya is a wonderful show. It promotes that girls in our society should focus on Education which is very necessary. I really feel girls' educatino is an improtant cause and one must support it. Writer Producer Raakesh Paswan has penned a fantastic script and the show has gained lot of popularity. It's good to be a part of a hit show which supprots education as well\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12630855", "title": "IITs object to common entrance test roll-out from next yr, seek further talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's plan to introduce the common entrance test (CET) for engineering from 2013 hit a roadblock on Wednesday, with the faculty representatives of the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) asking for the proposal to be put on hold till there are further discussions.When asked about the meeting, HRD minister Kapil Sibal only said that it went off well.The minister and senior HRD officials met with IIT directors and chairpersons and representatives of the All India IIT Faculty Federation (AIIFF) on Wednesday for the first time after the tech institutes expressed concerns about the new system that is expected to be implemented from next year.The federation passed a unanimous resolution that was given to the HRD minister expressing ``grave concern'' that a new test for admission to IIT was being ``thrust'' upon them without allowing enough time for discussion or critical review and acceptance in IIT Senate. The resolution also said that implementation of the changes in the existing entrance tests should be kept on hold until reports are obtained, consolidated and accepted by the Senate.AIIFF representatives said that the meeting was a ``fruitful'' one and more discussions were likely on the issue.Significantly, the decision has the approval of IIT Council that comprises of IIT directors and is binding on the institutes. However opposition from the AIIFF could put the ministry's plans could be put in serious jeopardy and even delay the 2013 roll-out.The CET aims to serve as a single national entrance exam for admission to engineering and science courses in centrally funded institutions such as the 15 IITs, 30 NITs and a host of other technical institutes.One of the significant objections was to the proposed weightage given to class XII marks. The new system will give class XII marks at least 40% weightage, while the test score will make up the remaining 60%. So far, the Class XII results have no bearing on the IIT-JEE score and rank.IIT Senate feels since the assessment system varies across school boards, the knowledge of students cannot be reflected on the same scale and such weightage would not be a true assessment. Faculty representatives also feel that changes will dilute the IIT brand.The other objections relate to both parts of the test carrying objective-type questions, and the plan to hold them on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12631111", "title": "'Tariff hike must for power sector'", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand not only has poor power infrastructure but it also has one of the lowest tariff rates in the country. The state is also ranked at a higher position in terms of aggregate transmission and commercial (AT&C;) losses resulting in huge loss to the generation and distribution licensees. Amidst this dismal scenario, experts feel that the huge power producing potential of the state could be harnessed but there is no escape route to the hike in power tariff.Addressing a two day meeting of major stake holders in power sector, director general of Independent Power Producers Association of India ( IPPAI) Harry Dhaul said that the effect of increased power tariff must not be passed on to the consumers when the industry realizes that its high time to revise the power tariff structure across country.Speaking at the meeting he said, \"Affordable power provided to industry and services, which have huge employment potential, can help in rapid economic development of the state.\"The two-day brain storming on power scenario in the state would deal with issues like galvanization of private investments to make Jharkhand the power hub of India.Opening the discussion chief minister Arjun Munda said that the state is ready to embrace an all investment proposal but will keep in mind so as not to betray the national interest. \"We should not be in a rush to develop. While running your plant, do you keep in mind auxiliary consumption? We should not look at the colonial model of development for Jharkhand,\" he said.\"Had it not been so, much of India would not have received electricity. Coal and energy should not be viewed separately. Fuel sources and power should come under one integrated policy - coal, CBM, gas, renewable energy etc,\" the chief minister also suggested.Representing regulatory bodies, Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission (JSERC) chairman Mukhtyar Singh said that Jharkhand is the first state to offer choice of power supplier to the consumers. \"Despite odds Jharkhand was the first state to issue parallel license to JSEB and JUSCO in Saraikela district thereby practically implementing the open access policy in intra-state transmission,\" he said.Explaining the role of the commission, Singh said that on one hand the licensee feels that tariff is on lower side and on the other hand the consumer feels it's on the higher side. \"JSERC needs to strike the right balance between both. I will not allow inefficiencies of licensees to be passed on to consumers,\" he said.Presenting the view of private investors' TQM Tata steel vice president Anand Sen said that the company has been associated with Jharkhand for more than a century now. \"There is a potential of around 17000MW being produced from the state and a do-able environment is required,\" he said. Representatives from NTPC , Adhunik, Essar Power, Moser Baer power and infrastructure limited, Abhijit group, Bokaro power Supply Company and CCL are also likely to share their experiences during the discussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12630969", "title": "Dharna against RTE norm violation turns ugly, schools locks up NSUI activists", "text": "JAIPUR: The National Students Union of India (NSUI) has opened a front against schools that have violated the provisions of Right to Education Act-2010.On Wednesday, around 20 activists staged a demonstration outside the St Angel Sophia School at Ghat Gate for not admitting 25% students reserved for economically disadvantaged groups.The group gathered outside the school demanding list of students admitted at entry level this year. The school refused to provide any information claiming that they were exempted from the Act as it belongs to the minority institutes that enjoy special privileges.The situation went out of control when a group of five members was invited by the principal and later he refused to meet them. The activists alleged that they along with some parents who came to meet the principal were locked in a room by the administration.Furious by the move, the activist raised slogans against the school administration in the school. The management immediately took action and unlocked the room. The school refuted the claim of activist saying that they were accidently locked by a peon who mistook room as vacant one. TOI tried to contact principal of this school but he was not available.Sumit Bhagasra, state president National Students Union of India, alleged that school neither disclosed the list of students admitted this year nor made it public on the notice board as required by the RTE Act. The protest lasted till the school gave an assurance to generate a list of students admitted this year.He added that they have a list of schools which have ignored the RTE guidelines. Similarly they will ask for a list of candidates from all these schools. \"Schools are bound to provide us the list as per the rule,\" added Bhagasara. The NSUI activists have launched a nation wide campaign against the schools for not following RTE Act. They distributed pamphlets and posters to residents in the nearby areas to create awareness about the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12630220", "title": "15 highrises violate fire safety norms", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon has registered a case in the district court against 15 highrise buildings for not adhering to fire safety norms. According to officials, all the 15 group housing societies have failed to take the no objection certificate from it.\"According to the Haryana Municipal Corporation Act, we can register a case in the court instead of lodging a police complaint. The court will now take appropriate action against these building owners who have not bothered to take the necessary precautions. According to the provisions in the Act, the court can levy a fine or imprison the defaulters. There are a total of 70 buildings which don't adhere to the norms and we will take similar action against the rest soon,\" said MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal.\"We cannot allow these cases to go unnoticed. Only today there was a massive earthquake. There is no point in holding people responsible after a disaster has already happened. So, we are taking such drastic steps now. Summer is already here and fire incidents are on the rise this time of the year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631502", "title": "Warrants against 5 of a family in murder case", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Wednesday issued non-bailable warrants against five members of a family, which includes a retired police sub-inspector and a police naik. All of them are accused in a murder case involving a close relative.The warrants were issued against retired sub-inspector Malhari Rasale, Sushila Rasale, police naik Sanjay Rasale, Hanumant Shinde and Manish Shinde on a plea filed by inspector Sandipan Sawant (crime) of the Khadak police station.The suspects had gone absconding after the Khadak police booked them for the murder of Swati alias Rani Vikram Rasale, 28, a resident of Excel Apartments, Guruwar Peth on March 28, 2012. The police had earlier arrested victim's husband Vikram alias Vicki Malhari Rasale.The police have so far conducted searches in Pune, Solapur and Osmanabad. Assistant public prosecutor Rajeshree Kadam told the court that the warrants were required for arresting the suspects if they were traced outside Maharashtra.Kadam said that if the suspects are not arrested, the police can take steps to declare them as proclaimed offendersunder sections 82 and 83 of the Code of Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631466", "title": "Civic contractors bid low as pothole size to matter now", "text": "Pothole repairs have always been a major headache for the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC). The civic body has now introduced an 'item tender' system for repairs to tighten the noose around contractors. The system brings in specificity in dealing with potholes, unlike the previous system where payments where made at a flat rate. But contractors have still bid abnormally low for pothole repair tenders, the lowest being 31% below the base rate, raising doubts about the civic body's efforts to improve the condition of roads.Under the new system, the civic body has drawn up four types of pothole thickness-0-20mm, 20-40mm, 40-100mm and 100mm and above. The contractors have been told to quote as per the cost they will incur to repair potholes of various sizes. A smaller pothole will incur a lower cost than a pothole which requires material for 100mm thickness. Earlier, the civic body would make a flat payment of Rs 2,000 per square metre for 40mm.The contractors will carry out work after the roads department certifies the size of potholes. \"The system will bring in specificity while carrying out repairs. Earlier, work would be carried out on a flat rate where the pothole size wouldn't matter. We have a base figure of Rs 2,000 per sq metre-to keep a check on the bidding process,\" a roads department official said.The civic body has shortlisted Wonder Patch, Patchmaker, Road Bond and Carboncor for repairs. It also made it compulsory for contractors to form a joint venture with four pre-decided technology suppliers. The contractors will have to take material from the four. The low-bidding has worried some suppliers as contractors could cut corners, resulting in shoddy work. \"The BMC is averse to trying out new technology. All contractors who have won bids have been using the traditional hotmix system where they can compromise on quality,\" said a cold-mix supplier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12628936", "title": "Shillong set for northeast's first 'wool bank'", "text": "SHILLONG: The first 'wool bank' in the northeast is likely to be set up in the Meghalaya capital with the Central Wool Development Board (CWDB) and Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) working towards it in coordination with the state government. \"Like other northeastern states, Meghalaya has great potential in this regard and we deserve to have a wool industry or bank in different parts of the region,\" deputy chief minister Bindo M Lanong said at a discussion on creation of wool bank in on Wednesday.Observing that the state has vast stretches of tree-less grasslands, the deputy CM, who also holds portfolio of the veterinary department, said there were plans to begin rearing of cattle, including sheep, in a big way. Pointing out that most of the cattle reared in the state were used for meat, Lanong said it was time for diversification into woolen garments industry. He said Meghalaya, which has \"natural infrastructure\" for sheep rearing, would go ahead with the plans of setting up a wool industry to open new vistas for employment and economic growth.Nakib Ahmed, advisor to ICC, noted that winters were longer in the hilly northeast region and the wool industry would have a thriving climate in the region. \"The wool industry in India is a thriving Rs 5,000 crore business employing thousands of people,\" Ahmed said, adding that the industry was the seventh largest in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631443", "title": "\u2018Separate agency must probe custody deaths\u2019", "text": "The Bombay High Court's Tuesday order comes as a virtual clean chit for six policemen in Khwaja Yunus' custodial death, but activists and lawyers say getting cogent evidence for conviction in such cases is difficult. They want an \"independent agency\" to probe torture charges against police officers.And for good reason. Maharashtra had 250 custodial deaths in the decade ending 2010, the highest among all states, ahead of even Uttar Pradesh which came second with 175 cases. But conviction of cops for custodial deaths is rare in the state and even the national average is negligible. The National Crime Record Bureau data for 2010 showed not a single conviction that year but 70 registered custody deaths. Magisterial enquiries were conducted in 16 and judicial enquiries ordered in seven deaths, 15 cases were registered against police officials and only one policeman was chargesheeted.Prosecuting cops is a tall order, say activists like advocate Mihir Desai, who represented Yunus and also Vijay Heremath of Centre for Access to Rights. It requires government sanction, which the Supreme Court said has to be given after considering relevant material on record.The HC bench of Justices Ajay Khanwilkar and P D Kode in its Tuesday verdict, pronounced eight months after it was reserved for orders, held \"the sanctioning authority, while exercising discretion, is certainly entitled to sift through material to ascertain whether it is a case to grant sanction against all named police officials or only some of them whom he finds there is (at) all likelihood of the concerned official(s) being convicted of the charge against them.\"The HC also observed evidence before the sanctioning authority against policemen like Praful Bhosale and Hemant Desai was weak. Co-accused of Khwaja Yunus in the 2002 Ghatkopar blast, Dr Mateen (later acquitted), on whose statement the criminal case hinges, named them only in 2005, a fact that \"speaks volumes\" the court noted. The HC rejected a 2005 plea by Yunus' mother Asiya Begum, to direct prosecution of seven policemen on the grounds that they were part of the police team that tortured Yunus at the Ghatkopar CIU on January 6, 2003.Lawyers say the principle of the sanctioning authority granting approval only in the likelihood of a conviction is \"rather wrong\" and can \"affect a lot of people.\" But the state government argued that once the sanctioning officer has looked at all aspects, his decision cannot be interfered with.Yunus' family will meet their lawyer to decide whether to appeal. The state said Yunus was never taken to Ghatkopar and after investigating the case it charged four cops including Sachin Vaze for his murder. Vaze's case is ready for trial now.\"We have been saying that there is a need for an independent agency for impartial probes into custodial deaths. It would also cut delays that are usually associated with such cases,\" said rights lawyer Rebecca Gonsalves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631459", "title": "Rickshaw unions to meet transport officials today", "text": "PUNE: Rickshaw unions in the city will hold a meeting with the state transport secretary and top officials of the state transport department in Mumbai on Thursday to discuss various issues including installation of electronic meters, third party insurance for rickshaws and the constitution of a panel to study rickshaw fare structure.The union leaders said they would decide on their future course of action after the meeting.\"We still have to decide whether to join the strike call given by the autorickshaw unions in Mumbai from April 16,\" said Nitin Pawar, convenor of the Rickshaw Panchayat, Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad, the main rickshaw union in the city.\"We expect discussions on some important issues at the meeting. We do not want compulsory electronic meters as it is a unilateral decision and the government has not taken us into its confidence. Then, there is the issue of the sudden rise in the third party insurance premium of autorickshaws. Also, we expect the government to take some steps towards forming a panel to study autorickshaw fares and constitute a revised formula for calculation of fares,\" he added.Pawar said there are other city specific issues like availability of CNG at refilling centres, provision of additional rickshaw stands and the issuance of exchange permits, which are expected to be discussed at the meeting.Baba Shinde of the Pune City Autorickshaws Federation said, \"We are not in favor of calling a strike and creating a problems for the common citizen. We expect the government to address our issues by treating autorickshaw drivers as public servants.\"There are about 50,000 rickshaws in the city. As per government instructions, old rickshaws must install electronic meters from May 1 onwards, but rickshaw drivers oppose this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12630770", "title": "Baisakhi celebrations: Ludhiana city soaked in colours", "text": "LUDHIANA: With merely two days to go for Baisakhi, city is soaked in colours of celebrations. Nagar kirtans are being taken out from the decked up gurdwaras as Baisakhi is an important day for Punjabis. It was on this day in 1699 that Khalsa was established.A nagar kirtan was taken out on Wednesday by Gurdwara Kalgidhar. The procession that was led by panj payaras and devotees sitting on two elephants and horses went towards Field Ganj, from where it moved to various parts of the city, including railway station, clock tower, division no 3, Christian Medical College and Hospital, Khud Mohalla and then culminated at the same gurdwara, besides covering Suhani building on its way.''On the way, nagar kirtan was welcomed by a large number of people gathered on the roadside to pay obeisance. There was a huge rush of devotees despite it being a sunny day,'' said Kuldeep Singh, president of the Gurdwara Kalgidhar management association.''I have come along with my family to see and greet the nagar kirtan. Blessings of the Gurus is what we have come here for and in addition to this it also shows the solidarity of the Sikh community in striving for achieving the tenets of the Guru Granth Sahib,'' said Surjit Singh, 50, a resident of Chander Nagar.Similar religious procession was also taken out by Gurdwara Dashmesh Pita of J Block, Bhai Randhir Singh Nagar. This nagar kirtan also covered many blocks of BRS Nagar, the member of gurdwara management association said. All other gurdwaras in the city have also been decked up to celebrate Baisakhi on April 13 and many functions are being organized to mark this occasion. A turban tying competition is also being held, which will see both young men and women vying with each other. ''The occasion will be celebrated as the International Sikh Turban Day,'' said Jatinder Singh Sandhu, a member of the Gurdwara Singh Sabha, Sarabha Nagar.With Baisakhi round the corner, the city schools are soaked in festive hues.In Cherubs The Preschool, Dugri, all students came dressed up in Punjabi attires. As balloons and phulkari decorated the school, the little ones danced on Punjabi numbers. They also participated in sponge painting on ''Happy Baisakhi'' worksheets. Later, they were told about the significance of the festival.Spring Dale Senior Secondary Public School, Sherpur, organized a Baisakhi function. Shabad, fancy dress competition, folk orchestra and Punjabi folk dances, among others, kept students in high spirits. Various competitions were organized like, ''Singh is king and Kaur di taur'', which saw students walking the stage dressed in traditional Punjabi dresses. Avinash Kaur Walia, managing director of the school, extended her warm wishes to all and appreciated the efforts of the students.In Rising Stars Kids School, Haibowal, girls came dressed up in ''salwar kameez'' and boys in ''kurta and dhoti''. They were told about Punjabi culture and traditional crafts like charkha and phulkari, among others. During the function, they danced on Punjabi folk songs and performed ''giddha'' and ''bhangra'' with zeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634359", "title": "Who\u2019s trying to dampen Tiger Shroff\u2019s spirits?", "text": "The very pretty and promising Angela Johnson seems to be in the news for all the wrong reasons. First there was all those link-up stories with Ranbir Kapoor which were stoutly denied by the Kapoor camp. Then came reports-not unfounded-that Salman Khan had taken Angela under his wings and that she had been signed for an exclusive 3-film deal with Sohail Khan Productions. The fact that she had, was confirmed by Sohail to this writer.But now comes reports that Salman is \"pissed off\" because Angela is \"seeing\" Tiger Shroff. There is one problem with this obviously-planted mischievous report. Forget seeing her, Tiger has literally never seen Ms Johnson.Says the obviously-baffled and very shy Shroff, \"I've never seen this lady in my life. I don't know where these reports come from, and what they mean. I'm just wondering why my name is out there. I am no star-kid. Just a kid working hard, minding my own business.\"A little further probing reveals that the only connectivity between Master Shroff and Baby Johnson is a film that was being planned by Aamir Khan Production as Jackie and Ayesha's son launch pad. It was felt Angela fitted the bill. But after the recent inane reports the potential screen jodi has been hastily nipped in the bud.Ayesha Shroff is not amused by recent attempts to link their son Tiger with Angela Johnson.Says the concerned mother, \"My son has never met Angela. So it's anyone's guess where these rumours are coming from. We plan to take very serious action against any attempts to sabotage Tiger's career even before it's taken off. He's such a hard-working boy, never seeks any attention from anyone. Please, I request everyone to leave him alone.\"Ayesha admits Angela was considered as a potential co-star for her son. \"There are no girls around whom we can see as co-stars for Tiger. One day I saw Angela's picture. She's pretty and I thought she'd make a compatible pair wth him. But then we heard she was under contract with Salman. And we quickly dropped the idea.\"Though Salman was not available for comment, someone very close to him pooh poohed reports of him acting over-protective about Angela.\"Do you really think Bhai cares about what she does or doesn't do? He treats her like a kid. He has hardly exchanged anything more than an absent-minded smile and a hello with her. We wonder where these stories are coming from!\"We wonder too!A word of advice for nubile newbies who make a wanna-beeline for Bollywood. Getting talked about through talked-about actors may get a few headlines. But they don't amount to any headway in the entertainment industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634513", "title": "'Marksheet' not based on Ranjit Don's life: Ranjan", "text": "In 2003, when an unassuming village boy, Ranjit Singh aka Ranjit Don, shook the country by allegedly leaking the CAT question papers, the verdict was out on the wall - it was corruption all the way.Nine years hence, Bollywood is reacting to the incident with Rakesh Ranjan Kumar of the Gandhi to Hitler fame making a film on the rackets marring the country's education system. Titled Marksheet , the film will feature Bhatt camp's poster boy, Imran Zahid, in the lead.The film will be shot at Delhi University and what's more, parts of Kolkata too feature on the long list of locations that includes Mumbai, Bengaluru and Chandigarh.The director, who is all geared up to shoot in the city, says, \"Kolkata plays a pivotal role in the film, since the question papers are also printed there. Certain deals were struck at the city's hotels. The film will deal with the dubious activities Ranjit was involved in, but won't be based on his life.\"After the CBI arrested Ranjit, a doctor, it was found out that his syndicate ran into crores, fixing all kinds of medical, engineering and management exams.Imran, who will play a character loosely based on Ranjit, says, \"After Gandhi to Hitler , which was based on the letters written by Mahatma Gandhi to Adolf Hitler , Rakesh is all set to bring to the fore the plight of the Indian education system.\"The story will be scripted by Monazir Alam and a fresh face will be cast opposite Zahid in Marksheet , which despite being an issue-based film, aims to weave a love story into the screenplay. \"The film deals with a serious issue, but there will be elements of a commercial potboiler,\" says Imran, who is also on board Pooja Bhatt's Jism 2 .Gandhi to Hitler , which was screened at the 64th Cannes Film Festival and the 61st Berlin International Film Festival, stirred a hornet's nest back in India. So, is Rakesh expecting a repeat response from this flick as well? \"The subject is controversial and it's going to ruffle a few feathers,\" says Rakesh.Let's wait till the score on this Marksheet is out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12629204", "title": "Nancy Powell, new US envoy to India, tasked with defrosting ties", "text": "WASHINGTON: When Nancy Powell came to her first India posting in 1992 as the US Consul General in Calcutta, she helped celebrate 300 years of American trade with India, exchanges that included export of ice from New England to the sub-continent on whaling ships. Indeed, ice (and spice) predated software and spirituality as first items of trade between the two countries, a commerce consecrated in the form of now defunct ice-houses in Kolkota and Chennai and spice companies in Baltimore .When Powell arrives in New Delhi next Wednesday as Washington's first woman ambassador to India, she will have the rather more mundane but immediate task of defrosting ties between the two ancient trading partners, and warming them up.No one is saying the ties are on ice or in deep freeze, but there is a certain frostiness that has crept in to the relationship following a series of mishaps on the economic and political front, from the disagreement over Iran sanctions and India's decision to impose retroactive taxes on foreign companies, to issues like the still unresolved aspects of the civilian nuclear agreement and foreign retail investment.Powell did not refer to any of these contentious issues in her brief and agreeable remarks at a reception hosted by the US-India Business Council on Tuesday evening, but she did emphasize the commercial aspects of the relationship, promising to promote American business in India and encourage Indians to invest in America.And well she might look to trade and commerce as her signature. The rather unfair scuttlebutt in Washington DC is that she is a stop-gap envoy - a career foreign service officer who is being asked to hold the fort because no political candidate would take the job in an election year.''She'll be back in ten months, when Romney wins,'' one industry maven who confessed to being tired of the start-stop, on-off engagement between the Obama administration and the UPA government, boldly predicted. Another lobbyist said she had never been to such a downbeat gathering of U.S-India trade representatives.Of course, there is an even or better chance that Obama will win a second term and Powell might continue as an envoy for much longer, a prospect she evidently relishes, going by the ease with which she proferred Namastes on Tuesday and spoke wistfully about her days in the region that included two tours of India in Kolkota and New Delhi, and the ambassadorship of Pakistan and Nepal.While pre-determined critics have wondered if she will have the ear of the White House in an election year and pointed to her ''demotion'' from being Pakistan envoy to ambassadorship of Nepal before unexpectedly being resurrected for New Delhi, she has a legion of admirers in the state department, which she considers her family, she told the Senate panel during her confirmation hearing. She's popular among her colleagues, knows the inner workings of Foggy Bottom, and is vastly experienced in the region -- the only foreign service mandarin to have been ambassador to three countries in the sub-continent. She's so much a part of the Washington establishment that she sailed through Senate confirmation hearing without a hitch.Powell may not bring power and panache, grandeur and glamor to Roosevelt House, but she will certainly bring a feminist touch to the place. On Tuesday, she joked about how while one envoy installed a bust of Franklin Roosevelt (a Democrat) in the ambassador's residence, another had installed one of Teddy Roosevelt (a Republican). Speaking for herself, she would be carrying a bust of Eleanor Roosevelt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12631936", "title": "Parrikar keeps the cream for BJP ministers", "text": "PANAJI: Ending days of speculation and squabbling in the BJP over who will get what ministries, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday distributed portfolios three days after expanding his one-month old cabinet.BJP ministers benefited the most as all plumb portfolios including tourism have gone to four of the ministers who were drafted into the cabinet on Sunday. Independent MLA Avertano Furtado, elected from Navelim, who was billed to get the sports portfolio so as to make an impact in Salcete and further reduce the Alemao influence there, was left with fisheries and labour.Sources said Canacona MLA Ramesh Tawadkar made a strong pitch for the sports portfolio and Parrikar, coming under pressure from party hardliners, denied Furtado sports. This, sources said, was one of the reasons for the delay in allocation of portfolios.BJP leaders also succeeded in denying any major portfolio to MGP minister Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar.Pandurang who was vying for tourism, industries or power, has been allotted cooperation which for the last five years was held by his bete noire Ravi Naik. He has also been given factories and boilers which normally goes with industries.Dilip Parulekar who, runs a hardware shop in Porvorim, proved lucky as he was allotted tourism. The tourism portfolio fell vacant after Matanhy Saldanha's death. Saldanha was minister for tourism, forest and environment.Matanhy's supporters were expecting that the portfolio might have been kept aside for his widow Alina who is likely to contest the bypolls in Cortalim on a BJP ticket.Parrikar's cabinet now has 11 ministers. The Goa cabinet can have 12 ministers, leaving Parrikar one more berth to fill up. Sources say it has been reserved for Alina. Talking to the media on the issue, Parrikar had recently said, \"After the one month mass of Matanhy, on April 20, we will discuss Alina's candidacy. The discussion may happen any day between April 21 and 23. A decision will be taken then.\" Sources said there was strong resentment within the BJP on giving a cabinet berth to PWD minister Ramkrishna (Sudin) Dhavalikar's brother Pandurang.\"When the BJP has 21 MLAs on its own, where is there need to induct two from MGP?\" seems to be the question party men posed to the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629502", "title": "Give mercy plea details in 48 hours: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court, which is hearing petitions and debating whether delay in deciding mercy pleas could result in commutation to life term, on Wednesday put 12 states on a 48-hour notice to furnish details of clemency pleas of condemned prisoners pending with respective governors.The court had on February 22 directed all state governments to provide details to additional solicitor general Harin Raval to help him prepare a chart of the pending mercy petitions with a timeline. But Maharashtra, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Punjab, Haryana, Uttarakhand , Tripura, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Goa have not yet submitted the data.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhay, while putting the erring states to a 48-hour deadline to comply with its earlier order, warned that failure to do so would entail respective home secretaries to be personally present before the Court to explain the lapse.The court has been considering the delay in deciding mercy pleas and mulling framing of a guideline to ensure expeditious disposal of clemency petitions of death row convicts. Two death row convicts Devender Pal Singh Bhullar and M N Das have petitioned the apex court. However, the SC broadened its scrutiny by including those condemned prisoners, who were unable to move a mercy petition or failed to complain against delay in disposal of such applications made by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630951", "title": "Escaped murder suspect nabbed, police rift bared", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch managed to recapture Vijay Palande, who masterminded the murder of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku, a few hours after his embarrassing escape because of \"the carelessness of a few constables\"-but not before the incident underlined the sloppiness of police escorts and the old chasm between the crime branch and the local police.According to the official version, Palande escaped while he and co-accused Dhananjay Shinde were being ferried in a police vehicle to the crime branch's office in Andheri (East). As one of Palande's escorts tried to clear a traffic snarl, the suspect jumped out and fled.A little distance before the building, the vehicle got stuck in a traffic snarl and, the crime branch says, one of the two constables sitting on either side of Palande got down to clear the jam. Using the opportunity, Palande jumped out of the vehicle and ran off. A few constables darted behind him, but Palande, using the cover of the traffic chaos, gave them the slip. The crime branch caught him again around 12.15am on Wednesday near Churchgate.The version of events left many unconvinced, including policemen. They asked why the second constable sitting next to Palande did not react on seeing him escape. And why was Palande not handcuffed given that he has spent nine years in prison for a murder, is reportedly an associate of gangster Suresh Shetty, and has now been accused in another murder case?More importantly, they lamented the rift between the crime branch and the local police that Palande's escape yet again highlighted. The crime branch, sources said, did not inform the control room or local police officers about Palande's escape. Only the seniormost crime branch officers and members of the crime branch's unit-8 were in the loop till at least 11.30pm. This meant that no alerts were sounded, no nakabandis were set up to nab Palande, and no local cop was on the lookout for him. Sources said the crime branch in fact misled the Oshiwara police by claiming that the delay in handing over Palande was due to the fact that it was interrogating him.\"It is not necessary to alert everyone all the time. The seniormost officer of the force must be informed about an event like this and take a call accordingly,\" argued a senior IPS officer.Still, the lapse in alerting the force at large is serious considering that Palande was making plans to leave the country. During the course of his interrogation on Wednesday, Palande said that he fled the police vehicle because he got \"scared\". From Andheri (East) he went to S V Road in Andheri (West), where he bought some clothes and made changes to his hairstyle. He then travelled to Churchgate and asked a relative on phone to collect his passport from his home and bring it to the international airport on Wednesday morning. Police officers said he planned to fly to Bangkok and never return to India.An old associate of Shetty, Palande was convicted for the 1998 murder of a union leader. He was also charged in 2006 for forgery, whereby he acquired a fake passport for himself in the name of Kiran Kanubhai Vana. A distant relative of his is reportedly a police officer. He was arrested on Tuesday for the Saturday night murder of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku from Karad in Satara district.On Wednesday, the crime branch filed a separate FIR against Palande at Andheri police station over his escape bid. Further, joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy ordered a departmental inquiry into the incident. \"Assistant commissioner of police Arvind Mahabadi has been asked to inquire into the episode and file a report. Our course of action will be decided thereafter,\" said Roy. Two police sub inspectors and two police constables of crime branch unit-8 who were escorting Palande are under the scanner for their negligence, sources said.After the escape fiasco, all policemen have been urged to be cautious when ferrying dangerous suspects, particularly gangsters. They have been told to ensure that there are enough police escorts and the suspect is handcuffed in cases permitted by the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630965", "title": "Man held for raping minor niece, doc booked for terminating pregnancy", "text": "BHOPAL: The police arrested a man on charges of raping his minor niece for over three months at Lalaria village and a manhunt has been launched to nab a government gynaecologist, who allegedly provided drugs to the victim to terminate her pregnancy. The incident that had taken place in December last year was reported on Wednesday when the girl unfolded the miseries to her mother.Police have launched a manhunt for nabbing the gynaecologist identified as Vibha Jain, who is posted at Berasia hospital.Police said the 14-year-old girl is a resident of village Lalaria. The incident had taken place in December last year.The victim was alone in home when her uncle, Qayyum Khan, 34, came there and allegedly raped the minor girl. The accused threatened the girl with dire consequences if she revealed the incident to anyone.Police said the accused allegedly raped the girl repeatedly after the December incident and when the victim became pregnant, he took her to a government hospital in Berasia for aborting the pregnancy.\"On the pretext of taking the girl to relatives, the accused took her to a gynaecologist, Vibha Jain, who unlawfully prescribed medicines to abort the pregnancy and reportedly charged Rs 3,500 as fee. The incident came to the fore when the victim fell ill two days back. She narrated the entire incident to her mother, who immediately approached the police and lodged a complaint against Qayyum and the doctor, Vibha Jain,\" said investigating officer Gopal Chouhan.The police have registered a case under Section the 376 (rape), 506 (criminal intimidation), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence ) and 312 (causing miscarriage in the incident) of the IPC.Qayyum Khan has been arrested and efforts remain underway to nab the gynaecologist, who is posted at Berasia hospital, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pau ground", "code": "12630825", "title": "For Rajkamal, no distance is too long or bar too high", "text": "PAU GROUND: It was a great day for Rajkamal Singh Dhillon, who won five gold and two silver medals in the 46th Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) athletic meet on Wednesday. He won gold in high jump, long jump, triple jump, 110 metre hurdles and javelin throw and silver in shot put and discuss throw.A PAU resident student, Rajkamal, 20, said he was happy with his performance as he had been practicing for it since a long time.\"To win medals in this meet was my goal and I've succeeded in my aim. I used to practice in the university ground daily and spend two hours there. The competition was quite tough, but I beat others with the Almighty's grace and my determination,\" he said.His personal medal haul at the all India agricultural university sports meet, Akola, Maharashtra, where he won two gold medals in long and high jump, had raised his morale. PAU had won overall championship then. Earlier, at the inter university meet at Thrissur, Kerala, Rajkamal had lifted gold medals for his team. Along with athletics, he claims to love play basketball and is a member of the university team.A student of B Tech in College of Agricultural Technology, Rajkamal said that along with academics he wants to leave a mark in the field of sports. Sports have held a special fascination for Rajkamal right from the days of his childhood. He used to take part in athletics in school also. Given an opportunity, he grabs it with both hands. \"We have better infrastructure for sports in the university and this is the reason that I have been performing well,\" he told TOI.The meet was organized by the Directorate of Students' Welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12630046", "title": "Deputy chief minister dangles development carrot to woo Chanda voters", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Ministry of power has taken a landmark decision to levy five paisa cess per unit on electric consumption to pump funds for development of the cities having Mahagenco power generation units. Chandrapur having the biggest of thermal power plant will get maximum funds. Government notification has been issued to the effect and bill will be passed in ongoing assembly session, claimed deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who is also a power minister.Pawar was in town to campaign for NCP candidates contesting Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) on Tuesday evening. \"While the entire state utilizes the electricity, places having power generation units face the pollution wrath. In an attempt to compensate for the burden of pollution, government has decided to grant funds for development of cities like Chandrapur having thermal power station. Funds to the tune of Rs 250 crore declared for penta-centenary development of Chandrapur have come out of same concept and more grants will flow in near future,\" Pawar assured while addressing a public rally at Shivaji square.He reiterated his promise that power ministry was committed towards exempting Chandrapur and other places having power plants from load shedding. \"We have already taken a decision about the exemption of Chandrapur from load shedding. The matter is pending with MERC. Once it clears the issue, Chandrapur will be free of power cuts,\" he said. He held that even as NCP have no MLA or MP and even do not hold power in any of the municipal council, still finance ministry has provided funds for development of Chandrapur.\"If citizens of Chandrapur vote in NCP's favour in CMC election, I will ensure additional leverage to Chandrapur in allocation of grants,\" Pawar promised. He claimed that development works like construction of Babupeth railway over bridge, botanical garden and construction of barrister Rajabhau Khobragade memorial hall were in offing. He wooed the voters by offering to build MS Kannamwar memorial and community hall for Muslims in the name of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad. He also assured to build appropriate water supply scheme to fight scarcity during summer if NCP was voted in power.While assuring over all development for Chanda, Pawar said that Congress and BJP had betrayed the citizens who had earlier voted them in power for progress. He claimed that NCP, in contrast to its rival parties, had managed to bring in development at Pimpri Chichwad, Pune and Islampur municipal corporations.Pawar and other dignitaries released NCP's election manifesto on the occasion. He was accompanied by minister for labour Hasan Mushrif, minister of state for helath Fauzia Khan, state NCP president Madukarrao Pichad, MLA Sandeep Bijauria, RPI (Gavai) chief Rajendra Gavai, ex-Minister Ramesh Bang and local NCP leaders on the dais.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629720", "title": "Calcutta Tramways Corporation to run trams in heritage zone", "text": "KOLKATA: Cash-strapped Calcutta Tramways Corporation has decided to play upon its eco-friendly tag to make commercial gains. At a time when the Supreme Court of India has upheld two Calcutta High Court orders that have banned movement of heavy vehicles - except buses within the 3 km radius of Victoria Memorial - CTC is busy preparing a proposal to run ring services of trams around the Victoria Memorial and Race Course.\"We can offer an eco-friendly alternative to the buses which people can use to reach Victoria. We are in the final stages of preparing a draft proposal which we will hand over to chief minister Mamata Banerjee . We will also hand over the proposal to transport minister Madan Mitra and transport secretary B P Gopalika,'' said CTC chairman Shantilal Jain.According to top officials in CTC, the plan is to lay tracks along the road connecting Army Eastern Headquarters to the pre-existing line connecting Fort William with Red Road. \"We are eyeing the zones around Victoria, Brigade Grounds and Elliot Park,'' said Jain. There are also plans to run special heritage trips. The two cafeteria coaches, being prepared at Nonapukur, will also be pressed into service in this route. \"The end product should help people realize that trams are also a cheap and eco-friendly mode of public transport. At the same time, it should uphold Kolkata's rich heritage,'' said an official.\"Our plan has to be such that we do not encroach into the already restricted road space available in the Maidan area. We are aware of the objections that the Army might raise. We are hoping that the state government will help us initiate this process which will ultimately help the cash strapped organization,'' said an officer.The high court green bench on September 28, 2007, marked a 'red zone' around the monument, encompassing AJC Bose Road to the south, Hospital Road to the west, Queen's Way to the north and Cathedral Road to the east. No parking will be allowed in this zone and the traffic police must maintain uninterrupted flow of traffic, the court said. It also directed the state government to shift the bus terminus at least 3km away from the protected monument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "what should you do if an earthquake happens? apart from not panicking, the prescription is pretty simple", "code": "12630361", "title": "When temblor strike, drop, cover &amp; hold on", "text": "What should you do if an earthquake happens? Apart from not panicking, the prescription is pretty simple: Drop, cover and hold on. That means, drop down and curl up, cover yourself by crawling under a sturdy table or a corner and hold on to something stable.Experience from across the world, and reams of expert studies have shown that more than a third of casualties during earthquakes take place by falling and fly objects inside homes or workplaces, says Arun Sahdeo, a consultant at the government run National Institute of Disaster Management, New Delhi. But what about running out of the building, which is the popular wisdom? Again, most experts globally recommend that unless you are on the ground or lower floors, it is not advisable to run out of the building. By the time you get out it will be too late.The National Disaster Management Agency's dos and don'ts recommend staying inside and taking cover. Similar recommendations are used the world over including by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) of the US and the Japan Meteorological Agency.\"In congested cities like we have in India, going out might mean exposing yourself to very dangerous falling objects like electricity poles and lines, hoardings, building parts etc. One should go out only to open spaces,\" stresses Sahdeo.It is necessary to drop down immediately because otherwise you will get knocked down by the shaking. And then you may not be in a position to protect your head and face. If in bed, staying put and covering your head with a pillow is the best course rather than running about. Taking cover is recommended because objects like fans, televisions, other fixtures, wall hanging objects may fall down. It is a matter of seconds, so time should not be wasted, says Sahdeo echoing international recommendations.If you happen to be travelling in an automobile try to stop safely. Again stay put, unless you are in totally open space. The automobile will protect you more from falling objects. The advise of running out into the open becomes relevant for rural areas where houses will mostly be low-rise and open spaces nearby. In the case of tsunamis, usually there will be an early warning. The recommended plan of action is to heed the warning and immediately move inland or towards a higher place. Never make the mistake of thinking that you can start running once you see the killer wave - many have died making this mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629520", "title": "Nothing to do with Sancheti coal blocks: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Distancing itself from the CAG report in the Chhattisgarh mining case allegedly involving BJP's Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti, the party on Wednesday continued to defend itself by saying the party has nothing to do with allocation of coal blocks in the state and a final decision on the report will be taken by the Public Accounts Committee (PAC).Senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley , when asked about the CAG report, said irregularities in coal block allocation have taken place across the country in which the government is said to have incurred a loss of Rs 10 lakh crore.\"The party or politics of the party has nothing to do with who was given allocation (of coal blocks) on what basis... If it is related to business of a particular person, the PAC will go through the procedure and take a decision,\" Jaitley said.The CAG report has stated that Sancheti's firm SMS Infrastructure was favoured in terms of cost for the exploration contract given to it for Bhadgaon II Extension coal block.With Sancheti considered close to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, the party leadership had on Tuesday fielded its chief spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad to defend him. Congress has alleged that the BJP government in Chhattisgarh favoured Sancheti and Gadkari also benefited from the alleged financial wrongdoings.Even Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh came out defending his government and the party with regard to the CAG report saying the decision on pricing was taken by the Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629778", "title": "Fire in leather unit, no casualty reported", "text": "KANPUR: A fire broke out at a leather tannery unit in Jajmau here on Wednesday. However, no casualty was reported.\"The fire broke out at commercial leather tannery unit, located near Dargah Sharif close to BKD crossing. Several fire tenders were pressed into service,\" a fire official said. The blaze was brought under control later, he said.\"Around 2:30 in the afternoon we suddenly saw thick smoke spiralling out from one of the portion of the leather unit. We immediately alerted the district fire department,\" a local resident said.While a couple of fire tenders reached the spot after receiving the call, it took nearly three hours to douse the flames.A fireman said: \"The combustible material in the unit aggravated the fire. It spread rapidly in the major portion of the unit and later towards the godown adjacent to the factory, where raw material was dumped.On reaching the spot we realised we needed more fire tenders so we immediately alerted other fire stations. Later, two more fire tenders were pressed into action and nearly a dozen firemen reached the spot to bring the situation under control.\"A huge mob gathered at the site of incident to take note of the situation. A senior police official said the cause of the fire has not yet been ascertained. Members of the fire brigade team said there were wooden goods inside the leather unit and its godown- the reason why the fire spread rapidly. A senior district official, however said, a probe would be conducted to find out the cause of fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12630428", "title": "Rafale deal being probed, says Antony", "text": "KOCHI: Defence minister A K Antony said on Wednesday that allegations raised by Mysura Reddy, a former TDP member in Rajya Sabha, against the purchase of medium multi-role combat aircraft from French firm Rafale are being looked into. A final decision will be taken only after the probe is completed, he told reporters here.Antony had conveyed to the MoD that the deal would not be sent to the finance ministry without completion of the inquiry. ordered into the deal based on a series of allegations raised by Mysura Reddy, former TDP Rajya Sabha MP.Reddy, in a letter written to Antony, had cited that Rafale was not sold to any country. He wanted to know why India was going for a fighter that no country has purchased.Reddy also pointed out that in the Libyan war, Rafale had failed to carry out precision bombing. The UAE too has rejected the Rafale.Antony, however, made it clear that the contract negotiation committee would proceed with its work even as the probe takes its own course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12630903", "title": "Bounty hunters send NIA on wild goose chases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent bounty announced by the US on LeT chief Hafiz Saeed may have got India excited but bounties do not seem to be really working for the country's premier anti-terror agency: the NIA. The agency has literally been on a wild goose chase ever since it announced a reward of Rs 10 lakh on Ramji Kalsangra, the man behind a series of Hindu terror attacks in the country, a year ago.Bounty seekers have jammed NIA phone lines with all sorts of information on Kalsangra that range from him being dead to having been seen in Muzaffarabad. One call even claimed that he and his associate Sandeep Dange (who is also wanted for several blasts including those in Malegaon and has a bounty of Rs 10 lakh on him) are meditating on Kailash Parvat.Desperate to get the two, the agency is not taking any information lightly (except the one about Kailash Parvat) and has sent teams to scores of places verifying whatever little information or sketchy details of the duo's whereabouts has been available. Till now, however, most of the tip-offs have turned out to be red herrings, wasting much of the agency's resources and time.A senior NIA official said, \"We have got inputs from intelligence agencies from time to time which we follow up on. But much of the calls in recent months have come from bounty seekers. We have been told about Kalsangra and Dange's presence in Nepal, Bihar, UP, MP, Gujarat and even Muzaffarabad. Some have even suggested that they are dead. Since we do not want to take any chances, we check every information. We have credible information that they are alive.\"Another NIA official added, \"Much of the information given by callers has turned out to be false. One caller even went on to the extent of suggesting that the duo was on a pilgrimage to Kailash Parvat. But we do not want to discourage people from giving us information. Even if one out of 100 calls gives correct information, it will be worth putting in the effort.\"This is the reason why the agency does not want to disbelieve fresh information that the duo may be working as construction workers in Odisha. \"It is not easy to trace people like this. They do not call their relatives or keep in touch with their friends directly. Given the massive migration of labour across the country, it is easy to mingle in the workforce in another state and go totally unnoticed. But sooner or later, we will get them,\" said the official.Both Kalsangra and Dange are crucial to investigation of a host of Hindu terror cases including Malegaon and Samjhauta Express blasts. The NIA is running low on evidence in both the cases and needs to arrest the two to complete the jigsaw.While the Malegaon cases are dependent on statements and conversations of accused such as Lt Col Srikant Prasad Purohit, Pragya Singh Thakur and Dayanand Pande, the Samjhauta probe is hanging on the sole confession of Swami Aseemanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12630960", "title": "Two killed in explosion at illegal mine in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: Two labourers were buried alive in an illegal mine after stones came crashing on them during an explosion in Alwar's Tapukara police station area on Tuesday night. As the police and rescue workers could not take the bodies out of the debris till Wednesday night, the tall claims of state government to have enforced the Supreme Court's complete ban on illegal mining in the area fell flat with these horrifying deaths.According to the police, the victims, identified as Janu, a resident of Punhana police station area in Haryana, and Tofeeq Khan, belonging to Tijara in Alwar, were employed by mining mafia at a mine in Nakhnol village in Tapukara area.\"During preliminary investigation, it has come up that explosives were being used for illegal mining,\" a police officer said.The two victims along with others had fixed explosives at several places in the mine and were returning to a safe place when the blast occurred.\"Stones came sliding on them and they were buried alive,\" said the officer. Sources said that mining mafia tried to hush up the matter even as the report of explosion reached senior police and administration officers. SP, Alwar, Mahesh Goyal and district collector Ashutosh AT reached the spot.\"We have employed rescue teams of the disaster management department to take the bodies out. The rescue operation is going on continuously,\" said SP Goyal.The forest department has registered an FIR with Tapukara police station against unidentified people involved in illegal mining.After the Supreme Court ban on the illegal mining in the area, all the 35 mining leases had been cancelled in Tapukara, Tijara and Bhiwari areas in the district. However, the incident shows the practice is going on unabated.Some locals told TOI that mining products including gravel and stones are being transported to Haryana. Blasts are taking place every day following which houses situated in nearby areas are developing cracks, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12629892", "title": "South Central Railway bags prestigious award for efficiency", "text": "HYDERABAD: The South Central Railway has bagged the prestigious Govind Vallabh Pant Efficiency Shield (jointly with Western Railway) from the railway ministry in recognition of its overall best performance among all the 17 zones of Indian Railways for the year 2011-12. The SCR bagged the coveted shield after a gap of six years for its exemplary performance on various fronts.In addition, SCR chugged away with the All India Performance Efficiency Shields in six disciplines - civil engineering, mechanical engineering, traffic transportation, stores, level crossing &amp; road over bridge safety works and running room also for commendable results achieved in the respective fields in 2011-12.SCR general manager G N Asthana along with the principal heads of departments will receive these shields from Union railway minister Mukul Roy at the Central Railway Week function to be held at Baroda house, New Delhi, on April 16, a press release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "12630998", "title": "Tribals taught to utilize mahua better", "text": "ROURKELA: Tribals were taught to make food products from 'mahua' flower at a workshop organized by the forest department and some NGOs. Around 300 tribal men and women learnt to make jams, jellies, 'chikki', chutney and squash from it.\"Mahua\" flower is a forest produce on which tribals are hugely dependent. They earn their livelihood by selling it to traders, apart from preparing 'Mahuli', an alcoholic drink.Often researchers of tribal development have pointed out that this forest produce is detrimental to the growth of tribal community because tribals spend a lot of time in collecting \"Mahua\" from the forest and preparing \"Mahuli\". They hardly earn anything for it because they use most of the \"Mahuli flowers they collect for self-consumption.An NGO working for tribal development after a thorough study found out that the tribals can earn well from \"Mahua\".\"There is no denying the fact that the Mahua flower, which has been part and parcel of tribal life has been main reason for their backwardness and a stumbling block in their overall development,\" said Manoj Patel, the director of the NGO.\"During our research we found that a good amount of \"Mahua\" is exported to several European countries for its medicinal value,\" said Patel, adding that fruit drinks and other food products like jam, jelly, chikki, chutney and squash from it. \"Medicines manufactured from Mahua flower can cure joint pain, stomach-related disease and sexual problems,\" Patel claimed.The workshop was conducted at the initiative of forest department and senior forest officials like DFO A K Behera, assistant conservator of forests Khyama Sarangi and range officer P K Dhal.\"I am confident once tribals know better ways to utilize Mahua flower, their economic status will become better,\" said Behera.H. Tumar, deputy director general of foreign trade attended the workshop as a resource person. He made a presentation at the workshop and explained in detail, how tribals can change their lives by adopting these new methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12629964", "title": "Rajput body to launch stir in support of Gen V K Singh", "text": "HISAR: A little known outfit, All India Rajput Sangharsh Samiti, on Wednesday said it would launch a stir from May 5 in support of Army chief General V K Singh.Announcing this here, Major General (retd) N B Singh and Ved Pal Tanwar, patron and president respectively of the Samiti, said an important meeting to discuss the alleged 'injustice' done to V K Singh will be held at Gurgaon on April 21.Singh said \"the nexus of powerful politicians in Delhi and agents of arms suppliers is tarnishing the image of General V K Singh. He is a man of integrity and is suffering because of his honesty\".The recent controversy over date of birth of the Army chief, leakage of Gen Singh's letter, movement of two units of the army towards Delhi have demoralised the army, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "subhashree panda, wife of maoist rebel sabyasachi panda , who was released on tuesday after two years in prison on charges of being an insurgent , says a political and not a policing solution will bring the maoists to the mainstream . she speaks to sandeep mishra a day after her release . excerpts", "code": "12631180", "title": "\u2018I don\u2019t want Sabyasachi to surrender\u2019", "text": "Subhashree Panda, wife of Maoist rebel Sabyasachi Panda , who was released on Tuesday after two years in prison on charges of being an insurgent , says a political and not a policing solution will bring the Maoists to the mainstream . She speaks to Sandeep Mishra a day after her release . Excerpts:Q: How do you look back at your arrest? A: It was a horrible experience . There was no male member of my family when police picked me up from my house in Bhubaneswar. I never expected to get arrested on charges of helping Maoists.Q: Considering you are Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda's wife, this could have some basis?A: I admire my husband and am inspired by his ideology . As a wife, it's my duty to support him. But that doesn't necessarily mean I would support him if he murders. The police charges against me were proved false in the court.Q: When did you first meet Sabyasachi? When did he get drawn towards Maoism? A: Ours was a love marriage . I met him in Bhubaneswar a year before we got married in 1999. He was not into Maoism then, it was just general politics. He entered the movement around five years after our marriage.Q: Sabyasachi has been accused of sexual exploitation by some women Maoists. A: Allegations of sexual exploitation were made by Maoists who had surrendered.Q: Was your arrest a ploy to reach Sabyasachi? A: Of course. It's government-sponsored conspiracy. The government wants Sabyasachi to surrender.Q: Would you ask him to surrender ? What's the way out? A: I don't want him to surrender . What will be the gain if he surrenders? The government should form a separate policy to bring Maoists to the mainstream. Unless problems of tribals and poor people are overcome, Maoists will not go. Maoism is a political problem, not a policing problem. But the government is focusing on solving it through police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12634283", "title": "'84 anti-Sikh riots: Congress(I) opposes in US court default judgement", "text": "JALANDHAR: A law firm engaged by the Congress(I) to represent it in a US court, about a case pertaining to anti-Sikh riots of November 1984, has strongly opposed entry of a default judgement against it. The opposition filed in the court has held that the 1984 Sikh Genocide case \"involves significant issues of public international law that should not be decided by a default judgment.\"Citing several authorities of superior courts of the US and invoking several law points the defending law firm, Jones Day has argued that since all happenings took place in India, the US court had no jurisdiction over it. The papers filed on behalf of the Congress said: \"All the individuals and property purportedly harmed by the INC was located in India. Any witnesses or documents that the INC may have relating to the alleged events are located in India. The cost, effort and time required to conduct discovery, nevertheless trial, of this dispute would be significant. Moreover, the administrative difficulties this court would face in hearing these claims would be burdensome, local interest in this action is nil, and imposing jury duty on American citizens to hear this entirely-Indian dispute would be inappropriate.\"It has sought dismissal of the petition filed against the Congress by Sikh For Justice (SFJ), a US-based advocacy group.The class action filed by the Plaintiffs \"Sikhs for Justice\" (SFJ) and others is \"against a foreign political party for alleged acts occurring entirely abroad more than twenty-seven years ago\", said Congress' lawyer Thomas E Lynch in his reply submitted in the court. \"The magnitude of the issues at stake, the public international and foreign nature of the lawsuit, the fatal deficiencies in plaintiffs' claims, and the longstanding principle that cases should be resolved on the merits all preclude entry of a default judgment against the INC,\" the opposition further states.The opposition papers have also argued that the case was time barred as the matter was more than 25 years old.Questioning the jurisdiction of the court it has also argued that this court recently dismissed defendant Kamal Nath based on similar personal jurisdiction arguments. \"The INC may have even fewer contacts with New York and the United States than does Nath, and would also be entitled to dismissal for lack of personal jurisdiction,\" it has argued.Judge Robert W Sweet of the US federal court who is presiding the 1984 Sikh Genocide case has now set the case for arguments on May 2, 2012.SFJ had filed motion for entry of default judgment against Congress (I) for its failure to defend the charges of conspiring, aiding, abetting, organizing and carrying out attacks on Sikhs in November 1984.As the plaintiff has alleged that Government of India, controlled by Congress, acted as a perpetrator of the wrongful acts, the Congress's counsel has also taken the ground that the Act-Of-State Doctrine and Principles of International Comity bar Plaintiffs' claims.\"The claims necessarily require this court to pass upon the validity of India's official acts undertaken within its borders,\" it said while arguing that under the act-of-state doctrine: \"The courts of one state will not question the validity of public acts (acts jure imperii) performed by other sovereigns within their own borders, even when such courts have jurisdiction over a controversy in which one of the litigants has standing to challenge those acts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12630999", "title": "Double-deck train coaches arrive, Jaipur-Delhi run likely within a week", "text": "JAIPUR: Rail passengers travelling between Jaipur and Delhi can finally have reasons to rejoice. After a long wait the elusive double-decker air-conditioned train is all set to have its maiden run within a week.The fully air-conditioned wagons for the train reached here on Wednesday evening and the authorities of north western railways (NWR) are geared up to give 'green signal' to its first run.The service was announced by former rail minister Mamata Benarjee in her budget for 2011-12.Since the double-decker train was new to Jaipur, enthusiastic passengers thronged the railway station to get a first look. Some of them even went inside the coaches to have a feel.According to the officials of NWR, the train will have its test-run within a few days and after all the technical clearances it would be used for regular run within a week.\"We are expecting it to be on track within a week. The dates would be finalized soon,\" Lalit Bohara, chief public relations officer, NWR told TOI.According to the railway authorities, the double-decker trains are designed indigenously by Research Development and Standard Organisation and have been developed by the Kapurthala rail coach factory.On the composition of the train, Bohara, said, \"It would have 13 coaches with a sitting capacity of 120 passengers in each coach. The lower floor of the double-decker has a capacity of 70 passengers while the upper floor has an in-take capacity of 50 passengers.\"The double-decker train is going to replace the Jaipur-Delhi non-stop special and would have Gurgaon, Delhi Cant and Delhi Sarairohilla as its halt stations.Asked about the fare of the train, a senior railway official said, \"Since the train is fully AC chair car the fare from Jaipur to Gurgaon would be Rs 327. For Jaipur to Delhi cant, it would be Rs 337 and the journey from Jaipur to Delhi Sarai Rohilla would cost Rs 347.\"NWR authorities said that in the next couple of days the train would have a test-run between Jaipur and Delhi Sarai Rohilla.Double Decker train at a glance\u00b7Maximum speed - 160 kms/hour\u00b7 Minimum speed - 110 kms /hour\u00b7 The fares as follows -(a) Jaipur to Gurgoan - Rs 327(b) Jaipur to Delhi Cant - Rs 337(c) Jaipur to Delhi Sarai Rohilla - Rs 347\u00b7 Number of passengers(per wagon) - 120\u00b7 Lower floor - 70\u00b7 Upper floor - 50\u00b7 Every coach of the train would have fire extinguishers on its gate\u00b7 The gates of the coaches would be fully automatic\u00b7 Every coach would have eight emergency windows\u00b7 Every coach would have mini pantry including fridge and microwave\u00b7 Time table of train - It would depart from Jaipur at 6 am and would reach Gurgaon at 09.38 am, Delhi Cant at 10.05 am and Delhi Sarai Rohilla at 10.30 am", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631666", "title": "BSP announces candidates for Council poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati seems to be getting back to basics after the assembly election debacle. She is focusing more on strengthening grip over party's dalit vote bank before seeking support of other castes. It was evident on Wednesday when she announced three candidates for the upcoming Legislative Council election for 13 seats. The three candidates include two dalits. As per BSP's numerical strength in state assembly, the party can safely win two Council seats, but for the third, it may have to depend on cross voting by MLAs of other parties and Independents.Keeping this in mind, Maya announced the names of her loyalists Vijay Pratap and Sunil Chitod, both dalits, who have been working for the organization since long and named former minister Thakur Jaiveer Singh, who lost the assembly elections, as the third candidate. Pratap and Chitod have been nominated for the second consecutive term. BSP has 80 MLAs. For one Legislative Council seat, support of 29 MLAs is required. Thus BSP can safely win two seats. It will fall short of seven MLAs. An election will be necessitated in case total number of candidates, from all the political parties, in fray is more than 13. In such a situation, Singh would have to use his resources to win over seven MLAs from other parties or Independents.After announcing names of the three candidates at a meeting with MLAs, Mayawati expressed concern over delay in convening of the assembly session by the newly elected SP government and oath taking of elected MLAs. She said the Election Commission had notified constitution of 16th state assembly on March 7 and informed the governor about it. But even after a month, the SP government has not convened assembly session, which she said is a serious matter and governor should take note of it. She also expressed concern over deteriorating law and order in the state. Maya said incidents of loot and theft have also increased, hitting the traders hard and accused the SP government of targeting BSP workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631539", "title": "Chief Information Commission gives ministry 30 days to publicize Gadgil report", "text": "MUMBAI: The Madhav Gadgil report on the Western Ghats must be up on the website of the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) by May 10, the Chief Information Commission (CIC) has ruled.The ruling was given by Chief Information Commissioner Shailesh Gandhi in an appeal filed by G Krishnan, a resident of Ernakulum district in Kerala.The CIC has further directed the ministry that all reports of commissions, special committees or panels should be uploaded on its website within 30 days of receipt of these reports. However, if it feels that some part of the report is exempt under certain provisions of the RTI Act, the ministry should record and declare the reasons for exemptions and display the report within 45 days of receipt after severing the parts claimed to be exempt.Krishnan, in September last year, had sought a summary of the report submitted to the Union ministry and also a report on the Athirapally hydro-electric project in Kerala. The report submitted in August last year was denied by the Public Information Officer (PIO) on the grounds that the MoEF was in the process of examining the report in consultation with six state governments of the Western Ghats region. The report, it said, was not final, rather a draft under consideration and thus not ready for disclosure.When Krishnan filed a second appeal, the PIO denied information under section 8 (1) (a) of the RTI Act. This section details grounds under which information can be denied. He then filed an appeal before the Chief Information Commissioner. During the hearing, when the PIO was asked to explain the specific interest that would be affected by the disclosure, he said the economic and scientific interests of the state would be prejudicially affected.In a written submission, the PIO explained that the methodology for demarcation of ecologically sensitive zones had been proposed in the report, which needed to be refined. Views from 11 ministries, the Planning Commission and six states were sought. Therefore, disclosure of information at this stage would lead to various proposals as per the recommendations of the report, which had not been finally accepted. This would affect the economic interests of the state. The PIO submitted that the MOEF intended to put the report in public domain once the policy was finalized.The CIC contended that, since the panel had already submitted its report it could not be called a draft report. \"There is no provision in the RTI Act which exempts from disclosure a report that has not been finalized or accepted by a public authority,'' stated the Commission, adding that, mere apprehension of proposals being put forth by citizens furthering the cause of environment protection cannot be said to prejudicially affect the scientific and economic interests of the country.Reports, said the CIC, are instrumental in influencing policy decisions and it was only reasonable that citizens have a say in it. \"If the government has reasons to ignore the reports, these should logically be put before the people, otherwise citizens would believe that the government's decisions are arbitrary or corrupt. Such a trust deficit would never be in the nation's interest,'' reads the ruling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12630751", "title": "Eye on polls, Modi govt on spending spree", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: With an eye on the assembly elections scheduled in December this year, the Narendra Modi government has post-haste released 25% of the funds approved in the annual plan for 2012-13, fixed at Rs 50,599 crore, within 10-odd days.\"While the new financial year began on April 1, such quick release of funds in such a short period has never taken place any time, especially in the last four years\", a senior bureaucrat in the finance department said.This has happened close on the heels of Modi taking a strong exception in the Cabinet meeting last week to over Rs 8,000 crore lying unused because of several departments' failure to work out requisite schemes in the last financial year 2011-12. Modi's criticism followed Comptroller and Auditor General's recent indictment of the government for \"substantial surrender\" of funds \"on account of either non-implementation or slow implementation of schemes and programmes.\"More, the finance department has given administrative approval for more than 45 per cent of new schemes to be taken up over the next 12 months, apart from 90 per cent of the old schemes which have been continuing since the last financial year. \"Out of the annual plan of Rs 50,599 crore, 24 per cent funds are for new schemes, while the rest are for the old schemes,\" a senior official said, adding, \"A Modi-appointed ministerial committee under finance minister Vajubhai Vala is monitoring the early approvals.\"The departments which may directly influence people's mood during the polls - urban development and panchayats - have been the main focus of the government. A new scheme of the urban development department concerns developing streets in residential societies on public-private partnership model. \"While 20 per cent of the cost will be borne by societies, the rest will come from the government and local urban body. Rs 500 crore have been approved for the scheme\", a senior official said. \"Another Rs 1,500 crore have been approved for upgrading social infrastructure in the urban areas, such as schools, street lights, solid waste management, water supply, affordable housing for the poor and so on. In fact, all 11 new schemes and 39 old schemes worth Rs 5,470 crore of the urban development have given administrative approval.\"The rural areas, where the BJP is particularly edgy in this election year, are being sought to be taken care of through the state-wide 223 Gharib Kalyan melas by the state panchayats department, to take place within a short span of two weeks starting on Thursday. Here, Modi and his ministers will distribute doles worth over Rs 4,000 crore. \"This will be in addition to Rs 8,120 crore already distributed among 57 lakh people in the earlier editions of such melas in the last two years\", a senior bureaucrat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636302", "title": "The Sound of Music is back for the third season", "text": "The energy was palpable at the suburban school, as the kids rehearsed for the massive musical The Sound of Music to be held this weekend.Back by popular demand, for the third season, it is bigger and better than ever before with an integrated cast of over 150 actors, dancers and singers from across the city - comprising children from mainstream schools, Raell Padamsee's Academy for Creative Expression(ACE) and 10 NGOs.Star presenceActress Raveen Tandon present at the rehearsals came away impressed with the talented cast of children. \"I am really looking forward to watching this show with my kids who are also a part of Raell's workshops. The special kids are gifted and this musical is giving them an amazing opportunity and platform to showcase their talents,\" said Raveena. The children, impressed with the star amidst them didn't not let go of the opportunity to get autographs and Raveena obliged indulgently.Cast capersFor this season Raell incorporated many NGO kids. She said, \"We wanted to give these children a different kind of platform and the fact that all these kids from different backgrounds are interacting with each other here makes it special.\"Schools and NGOs were asked to send their selected children and for the seven main characters - the Von Trapp children - more than 2000 children across Mumbai were auditioned. \"We needed children who could not just act but dance and sing as well. Children usually go for either singing or acting or dancing classes. But for these seven roles, we had to get kids who were good at all the three.\"Synchronizing rehearsalsWith the last couple of months being busy ones for children because of their exams, getting them together for the practice was a challenge for Raell. \"There are seven rehearsals going on simultaneously at different parts of the city and getting them together was a task. The problem was managing children from so many schools and institutions with different timings and different exam schedules. But we got great support from everyone,\" she said. The fact that there is acting, singing and dancing rehearsals going on together is what makes the task daunting.The story of The Sound of MusicTouted as the world's most beloved musical, The Sound of Music has a beautiful story. When a postulant proves too high-spirited for the religious life, she is dispatched to serve as governess for the seven children of a widowed naval Captain. Her growing rapport with the youngsters, coupled with her generosity of spirit, gradually captures the heart of the often stern Captain, and they marry. Upon returning from their honeymoon they discover that Austria has been invaded by the Nazis, who demand the Captain's immediate service in their navy. The family's narrow escape over the mountains to Switzerland on the eve of World War II provides one of the most thrilling and inspirational finales ever presented in theatre.Applauds and appreciation\"The biggest complement I got for this production was, 'I would recommend it over the movie' and that, from a director like Ashutosh Gowarikar, whom I really respect, is huge,\" says Raell with a smile. \"Niraj and Minal Bajaj are always seeing plays abroad and I loved it when they said ours was far better in terms of the intensity and feel than the ones they have seen abroad. I totally believe that it is all due to the excellent teamwork,\" she signs off humbly.The ten NGOs that are a part of the showADAPT, Aseema, Salaam Bombay Foundation, Maharashtra Dyslexia Association, Seva Sadan Society, The Vatsalya Foundation, Salaam Baalak Trust, Muktangan, Society for the Education of the Crippled and The Victoria Memorial School for the BlindFuture plans\"We are planning a new musical - Greece - at the end of this year, with slightly older children and we will start auditioning in May, immediately after this is over,\" says Raell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629911", "title": "High court notice to chief minister over Bezonbagh encroachment", "text": "NAGPUR: Dismissing the Maharashtra government's objections to adding the chief minister as a respondent, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Wednesday issued notice to CM Prithviraj Chavan for inaction in removing encroachments from city's Bezonbagh area. Assistant government pleader Bharti Dangre later waived notice for the CM.Earlier, Firdos Mirza appearing for the petitioner - Bezonbag Pragatisheel Kamgar Griha Nirman Sanstha Maryadit - made serious allegations, saying that Chavan had taken a \"personal interest\" in protecting illegal encroachments as his cabinet colleague from the city Nitin Raut, employment guarantee scheme minister, was also involved in it. Dangre strongly objected to this, but a division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Prasanna Varale overruled all objections and issued notice to the CM.Earlier, the court came down heavily on the divisional commissioner's office for not handing over vacant land in Bezonbagh area to Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). In the morning, it directed divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy to personally remain present in the court by 2.30pm. However, as he was not in town, additional commissioner was present during the hearing. He was given time till Monday to come clear on why the vacant land was not handed over to NMC till date.Mirza informed the court that divisional commissioner had filed an affidavit, which contained minutes of meeting held under CM in Mumbai on May 12 last year. Citing minutes of the meeting, Mirza alleged that the CM is taking personal interest in protecting encroachments in Bezonbagh. Justifying his demand to include CM among the respondents, Mirza argued that the CM is using his official position and instructing officers, contrary to law, to go slow in the case.The petitioners had already named Raut and former MLC Ramesh Nikose in the list of encroachers on the land meant for public utility, citing divisional commissioner's report. Mirza had earlier cited a state urban development department GR of 2002 that any encroachment on public utility land can't be regularized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631634", "title": "Special panel to deal with traffic issues", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the city traffic police on Wednesday decided to form a decision making and implementation committee to resolve traffic issues.\"Civic officials, elected representatives and traffic officials on Wednesday held a meeting to discuss the city's traffic issues. Like Bangalore, Pune should also have a committee comprising district guardian minister, MPs, MLAs, mayor, municipal commissioner, cantonment board officials, railway officials, PMPML and state transport representatives. This committee will discuss city's traffic problems and take immediate decisions,\" mayor Vaishali Bankar told reporters.Pune traffic police had suggested the idea saying that a separate committee on traffic would help to make quicker decisions and execute plans to improve traffic without any delay. Police suggested that the decision taken by the committee should be final.Vishwas Pandhare, deputy commissioner of police (traffic branch), insisted that the civic body should carryout effective anti-encroachment drives at Swargate, Shivajinagar, major city roads and footpaths. He suggested that zero-tolerance concept be implemented in these areas. Police suggested decentralization of the state transport bus stands in the city to avoid traffic congestion.Speedy completion of the ring road to avoid entry of heavy vehicles in the city limits was discussed. Bankar asked PMPML officials to increase the frequency of PMPML buses across the city and make special efforts to establish the credibility of the public transport.The meeting also decided to seek special funds from central and state government for traffic improvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630849", "title": "High court sets guidelines on lake privatization", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Wednesday disposed of PILs related to privatisation of city lakes with a series of directions to authorities about upkeep of these water bodies.\"Private participation in such projects is in accordance with national water policy. We are of the opinion that the agreement by way of lease appears to be a misnomer as it does not disclose transfer of land but only in the nature of licence without any absolute right over lake or its bed. The fact that fishing rights in some lakes have been granted to other organisations suggests that the lessees have no absolute control over lake area. Terms and conditions and recreational activities do not appear to be detrimental to the environment. In fact, high court legal services committee found that lakes are in good condition. Thus, the lease cannot be held to be violated. Hebbal lake is now more visitor friendly than Nagawara and Vengayyanakere lakes,\" the division bench headed by Justice K Shridhara Rao observed in its order while disposing of PILs including one filed by Environmental Support Group.Free entryThe court stipulated that children below 12 should be given free entry in all three lakes. For using recreation facilities, separate charges can be levied.Some directions on upkeep\"This court, on two earlier occasions, had given directions. On April 4, 2011 directions were issued for preservation. Keeping in view, it will be just and useful that earlier directions are consolidated, and some more directions are issued. It's necessary that survey of lakes has to be undertaken by demarcating boundary and proper fencing of each lake done by the Lake Development Authority.\"Unauthorised constructions within 30 metres of the lake periphery have to be removed. Silt and weeds have to be removed scientifically and periodically. Flow of sewer into the tank has to be stopped. Forest department shall undertake planting of saplings around the lake and its buffer area. Channels which feed the lake have to be properly protected and maintained,\" the bench said.Lakes in BBMP areaThe bench said that BBMP commissioner is solely responsible for maintenance of lake within civic body limits. \"A committee consisting of BBMP, conservator of forest ,Bangalore circle or his nominee, CEO of LDA, member secretary to Karnataka State Legal Services Authority shall run the bimonthly meeting on management and maintenance of lakes including leased lakes, and take steps for their improvement,\" the bench said.Lakes in other areasIn other corporations, commissioners, commissioners of urban development authorities and member secretaries of district legal services authorities shall have bimonthly meetings to collect reports of management and maintenance of lakes, the court said.BackgroundIn 2004, LDA began a process of public-private participation model collaboration. Private companies would bid for lakes to \"develop and maintain\" them for 15 years. The LDA leased out the Hebbal lake to East India Hotels (the Oberoi group), the Nagawara lake to Lumbini Gardens in April 2005 and Vengayyanakere to Parc Ltd .The lease for Agara lake was cancelled recently.The Environmental Support Group filed a PIL in 2008 in the high sourt. It contended that leasing out these four lakes is against legal norms with respect to management and conservation of such ecologically sensitive water bodies. It claimed these water bodies are located in prime areas and beneficiaries of privatization of these are largely hoteliers and builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12630512", "title": "Jolt sends Andhra Pradesh coast scurrying for cover", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Mahalakshmi could not figure out what was happening as she saw utensils falling from her kitchen cupboard on Tuesday afternoon. The housewife from Kakinada, close to the KG basin thought the vibrations were because of rock blastings near her residence. \"I felt the ground shaking beneath my feet even as the falling utensils made a lot of noise. I ran out of my apartment in fear,\" she told TOI.Not only Mahalakshmi, thousands of people of nine coastal districts came out to the streets after they noticed objects like television sets, refrigerators, computers, chairs and utensils shaking as the earth started shaking a little past 2 pm. \"I was in a state of shock when the chair I was sitting began wobbling. I ran into the street along with my mother,\" revealed K Sitadevi, a college student of Srinivasa Mangapuram near Tirupati.Though the tremors were mild and lasted only a few seconds, panic gripped the entire coastal belt. People ran out of the offices and houses in Srikakulam, Tekkali, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Anakapalle, Kakinada, Rajahmundry, Tuni, Eluru, Tadepalligudem, Narasaraopet, Bapatla, Tenali, Vijayawada, Ongole, Nellore, Sullurpeta and Tirupati.However there were no reports of loss of life or damage to property. But some houses/apartments developed cracks at a few places in East Godavari and Srikakulam. Anticipating more tremors, several schools in the region sent their students home.Gaddam Venkateshwar, an engineer of Siripuram area of Visakhapatnam, was so traumatized that he refused to go back to his office. For Vanapalli Somulu, the temblor revived the painful memories of the 2004 tsunami. A fisherman of Uppada Kottapalli near Kakinada, Somulu said they were afraid after the earth shook for a few seconds. \"I was witness to the 2004 tsunami and I prayed to God for mercy,\" he said.While the cops prevented visitors from going near the beaches in the entire 974-km coastline, Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority authorities closed the Kurusura submarine museum and other parks on the Ramakrishna Beach road. While 250 persons from Hope Island near Kakinada were evacuated following high tides at Uppada coast, the staff at SHAR Centre, Sriharikota in Nellore, were shifted to safer places within the high security premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12631109", "title": "Bo\u2019s ouster sparks protests in China", "text": "BEIJING: Thousands of people took to streets and clashed with police to protest the ruling Communist Party's move to remove popular leader Bo Xilai from its politburo and charge his wife with murdering a British citizen in China's southwestern city of Chongqing on Wednesday.But local officials maintained that Chongqing residents were protesting \"over a different issue'' without specifying what that was.The British government had been pushing for a thorough probe into Neil Heywood's suspicious death. Heywood was found dead in a Chongqing hotel room last November. The matter was initially closed as the local police concluded that it was a case of a normal death. But it was reopened and Bo's wife, Bogu Kailai, charged was on Tuesday after his removal as Chongqing city chief sparked rumours of dissent and power struggle within the Communist party. Experts said the murder charge has come handy for the ruling party that was trying hard to ward off its worst crisis following Bo's removal as Chongqing chief. Bo, known as a Maoist leader, had been tipped to become a member of the party's Standing Committee.Experts said Bo's sacking marks a turning point in Chinese politics and shows that the party is unwilling to tolerate effort to revive Mao's legacy . Bo had led a campaign to revive the legacy and carried out raids against what he saw as ill-effects of economic reforms like gambling and prostitution . Bo's campaign that included replacing TV advertisements with pro-Mao songs was seen as veiled criticism of party's pro-reform activities.\"The latest move shows president Hu Jintao's regime will be replaced by a more harsh rule that will curb any sign of dissent with an iron hand,\" a Beijing-based diplomat said. The controversy over Bo began when Chongqing vice mayor Wang Lijun sought refuse in the US consulate and spent a night there. It now transpires that Wang was trying to protect himself from Bo's ire because he had tried to reopen Heywood's murder case involving Bogu. This had led to Bo's removal as the Chongqing city chief.Senior leader on trial over graft chargesBEIJING: Hours after sacking a top rung leader of the party for violation of discipline and charging his wife with murder of a British citizen, the ruling Communist Party of China put on trial another senior provincial leader for corruption. Song Chenguang, former senior political advisor of China's Jiangxi province , went on trial in Shandong province on Wednesday over bribery charges.Song, former vice-chairman of the Provincial Committee of Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference is accused of taking $2million as bribes in 1998-2010 for offering 18 companies and individuals \"conveniences\" in contracts.-- PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12635136", "title": "Jaya writes to PM, objects to bill on medical education", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has expressed her \"vehement objection\" to the National Commission for Human Resource for Health (NCHRH) Bill, 2011, saying it \"undermines\" the powers of the state governments.The Bill, now referred to the Standing Committee on Health and Family Welfare by the Rajya Sabha, effectively puts the leadership and decision making process with regard to medical, dental and paramedical education in the \"hands of about 25 persons, all of whom are nominees of the Central Government\", she said in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday.\"This undermines the powers of the State Governments, which are left with no role to play in policy issues related to human manpower planning, curriculum and course design as well as approval of new institutions offering courses in medicine and allied disciplines\", she said.Jayalalithaa's letter comes after a series of missives by her to the Prime Minister on various issues opposing the Centre's moves, including the latest one on National Counter Terrorism Centre, on the ground that they erode powers of the states and weaken federalism.Observing that need-based planning for medical, dental and paramedical manpower should follow regional and local demands, she said this would best be achieved only by giving adequate representation to the States in policy making bodies.\"I firmly contend that the status quo may be maintained with regard to the functioning of the existing National and State Councils\", Jayalalithaa said, adding, that these councils may be strengthened and improved with increased participation of the State governments at the level of national council.Strongly opposing the NCHRH Bill, she said the Bill \"usurps the powers of the states in the critical area of health human resources by creating new structures which hit at the very root of federalism\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630776", "title": "5 govt officials held for compensation scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A government officer, Mahesh Shah, who was the assistant liquidator when Calico Mill downed shutters, was arrested on Wednesday along with four other government officials by Navrangpura police. The five were arrested in connection with a complaint of multi-crore fraud which was filed by a former worker of Calico mill, Mansukh Parmar.Parmar has stated that between 1970 and 1998 he used to work at the mill. Later, when the mill closed down the central government had set up a Textile Workers' Rehabilitation Fund to help them. The official liquidator also was asked by the Centre to take charge of Calico mill.After taking charge, the official liquidator, mill union members and Majoor Mahajan Sangh members were asked to make a list of those rendered unemployed by the mill's closure. While preparing this list of beneficiaries, two types of frauds were committed - some fake names were included in the list, and while payment was being released the money was fraudulently taken by the bank and government officials who were involved in the process. \"The scam is worth more than Rs 100 crore,\" said one of the police officials probing the case.After the complaint was lodged with Navrangpura police station, the investigation led cops to assistant liquidator Shah and his subordinates Purshottam Chandani, Salim Bastawala, Hitesh Gajjar and Jayanti Chauhan. \"These five government officers had handed over all the cheques to union leaders without verifying the identity and genuineness of the beneficiaries,\" said the official.The scam came to light owing to cases like these: Jamalji Thakor, a jobless textile mill worker, had not received Rs 50,000 that the high court (HC) had ordered as compensation after Calico Mills shut down. But barely a month after he moved court to claim his compensation, somebody mysteriously deposited his dues in his savings account in Ahmedabad District Co-operative Bank. Similarly, Laxmi Marwadi, widow of a worker in the same mill, filed an application in court that her compensation money never reached her. She later found money deposited in her State Bank of India account.\"There is a strong possibility that some bank officials who are found guilty of involvement in the scam too will be arrested in this case,\" said a Navrangpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629471", "title": "Aviation carbon tax a deal-breaker: Jayanthi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan warned on Wednesday that the European Union's (EU) carbon tax on aviation could be a ``deal-breaker\" for the climate talks for a future global regime.\"For the environment ministry, it is a deal-breaker. I don't know what civil aviation ministry is saying,\" Natarajan said at a function organized by TERI.The EU has enforced a carbon tax on all fliers landing or passing through European skies that many other countries, including India, China, the US and Russia, have opposed. They have collectively decided to a bouquet of counter-measures, if the EU does not withdraw its scheme under which fliers would have to pay the additional levy starting next year. India and China have asked their airlines not to submit data for the scheme, and are expected to up the ante in the trade war if the EU does not back off.Natarajan's strong words came a day ahead of a meeting of like-minded countries, including the partners in BASIC group on equity, here.Her strong stance is in continuation of the Durban talks, and has been boosted by an apparent U-turn signal by the US. Washington has asked India to initiate talks on equity under the Major Economies Forum - a grouping hosted by the US and perceived primarily to push the developed nations' agenda so far. The US has traditionally opposed any reference to equity or historical responsibilities in climate talks at all forum, but this is the first indication of the concern getting a traction in the negotiations to formulate the post-2020 global climate regime.Natarajan also stated that the EU's stand on the aviation tax remained rigid even though she had written to the EU Commissioner for Climate Change Connie Hedegaard, and India also raised it at the recently concluded EU-India summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629745", "title": "Kolkata jewellers struggle with piling orders", "text": "KOLKATA: It could be termed as a double whammy for the gold jewellery manufacturers. Apart from the fear of a price hike due to imposition of various taxes after Union Budget 2012-13, the jewellers are now facing the wrath of the customers who had placed orders long ago but could not take delivery as the jewellers were on a 21-day nationwide strike.With festivals like Poila Baishakh, Baisakhi and Akshay Tritiya just around the corner, burgeoning orders have added to the woes of the jewellers. \"We are finding it difficult to cope with the customers' demands. They are not ready to understand that we have too much of pending work due to the strike. Also, we do not have the full artisan strength as some of them are yet to resume work,\" said Rajeev Ghosh, manager of Raj Lakshmi Jewellers.He along with his staff are grappling with phone calls from customers enquiring about the status of their orders and often losing their cool when said delivery might be delayed.Bachharaj Bamalwa of Nemichand Bamalwa said: \"There has been a spurt in demand after the shops re-opened. Artisans are working over time to cope with the situation. There was complete chaos in the shops when we re-opened after the strike. A lot of customers came complaining about the delay in delivery of items.\"Earlier, the artisans used to work 10 hours a day, now they are working for 14 hours to meet the demands.Jewellers went on nationwide strike on March 17 in protest against the increase in excise duty and doubling of customs duty on the precious metals in the Union Budget 2012-13. They resumed work on April 7 after Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee assured them of a rollback. Pankaj Parekh, eastern region chairman of Gems and Jewellery Exports Promotional Council, said many shops remained open even on Sunday to cater to the customers' need.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12635500", "title": "Ravi Mandik captures nature in his works", "text": "Artist Ravi Mandik has tried to showcase the energy and power of nature in his worksAbstract art is not easy for everyone to understand and most of the time, the depths of it can be fathomed by seasoned artists only. However, artist Ravi Mandik, whose show Burgeon is on at the Tao Art Gallery till next week, believes that abstract paintings give the viewer the choice to see the work differently every time. \"Since no forms are recognisable, each individual sees it in their own way. The depth and varied dimensions present in abstract art makes the viewer see it differently according to their own state-of-mind and that is how they understand it,\" he says.\"I am trying to show the growth that is ever present in nature around us,\" says Mandik as he attempts to explain why he has chosen to title his paintings Burgeon . When a plant grows out of a sprout there is energy around it. Mandik explains that life and nature are what he has tried to showcase in this series. \"I have tried to capture and present that immeasurable feeling of energy in my paintings,\" he says.His collection enables one to realise that mankind has always been intrigued by nature and shows that nothing perishes in nature but just takes another form, it yearns to be a new creation and for so to happen, there is some hidden power in nature, energy so vital for every creation.We see a lot of blues and greens in his works and Mandik goes on to explain that his journey to Ladakh and Andaman inspired him to incorporate these colours into his works. \"I saw live moving coral, touched and felt it. The beauty of these regions left an indelible expression in my mind. I found a different world there and I tried to capture it in my work,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634502", "title": "Akshay Kumar on Dance India Dance", "text": "Akshay Kumar aka Rowdy Rathore fan following knew no limits when he reached the sets Dance India Dance Season 3 to promote his upcoming Prabhudeva directed flick 'Rowdy Rathore'.The top five finalists of this season- Mohena Kumari Singh and Sanam Johar from Remo Ke Rangeelay, Rajsmita Kar from Geeta Ki Gang, Pradeep Gurung and Raghav 'Crockroaz' Juyal from Terence Ki Toli had all the tricks up their sleeves to impress the Akshay Kumar in his new brawny and colorful avatar.Akshay donned his movie look replete with a slick handlebar moustache, bright yellow pants and a striped orange shirt loosely hanging over a printed kitsch tee shirt, looking every bit a 'rowdy'. Not only did Akshay sport a moustache but also grandmaster Mithun Da, Master Remo D Souza and Terence Lewis along with anchor Jay Bhanushali were spotted sporting slick handlebar moustache. His entry was nothing short of filmy. It was almost like a choreographed aerial act wherein Akshay, who is also known for his daredevil stunts, slowly descended from a Khatiya (coir charpoy). The message was bold and clear that his upcoming movie will be the return of Akshay Kumar as an action hero.Akshay surprised the contestants by recounting some of their best performances. Apparently he is a big fan of the show and if not the episodes, he finds time to watch glimpses of the performances in the official DID website. After his futuristic robotic performance, Raghav says, \"My entire family is crazy about you. My grandfather considers Hera Pheri the best movie he has ever seen so whenever he gets depressed, he watches the movie.\"Akshay who was very impressed with Raghav's inimitable style of dancing obliged his request to come on stage and punch him in slow motion. What followed was a visual treat, Akshay and Raghav both in slow mo complimenting each other's actions. Geeta Ma could not help commenting, \"Raghav, thanks to this competition, that we found you but today we thank you because if there's anyone who can give your signature step a run for your money, it has to be none other than the man himself - Akshay Kumar. He matched your steps to the T. Both of you looked amazing on stage together.\"Akshay not only obliged Raghav by joining him on stage but also Pradeep Gurung who garnered accolades in plenty after his stellar aerial act. Pradeep says, \"Sir, every time I worked out, you have been my inspiration. It has been a long standing dream to perform a stunt with you on stage.\" Before anyone could bat an eyelid Akshay was on stage. Both Pradeep and Akshay decided to walk on their hands till jaws dropped and the sets reverberated with the audiences' thunderous applause.Watching the entertaining and awesome acts by the top five finalists, the superstar was touched and impressed. Akshay Kumar was so happy with the way the contestants performed that he gave each of the finalists a cheque of 1 lakh rupees as a token of his appreciation towards dance as an art form and also for his love for Dance India Dance.Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai/kolkata", "code": "12629539", "title": "8.6 magnitude quake in Aceh triggers tsunami fears in India", "text": "CHENNAI/KOLKATA: Waves of panic swept through India's eastern coast on Wednesday afternoon as cities were rocked by tremors and repeated alerts of a possible tsunami being triggered by a massive earthquake of 8.6 magnitude off the Indonesian coast.The alert generated memories of the devastating tsunami of 2004 in which 2.4 lakh people had died worldwide. In India, more than 15,500 had died and scores of coastal villages and fishing hamlets were swept away in the tsunami. As the tsunami warning was sounded on Wednesday, soon after 2pm, the dreadful apprehension of a repeat catastrophe set in deep.The anxiety lifted only around 3pm when the tsunami didn't hit Greater Nicobar where massive waves were supposed to reach within half an hour of the quake at 2.08pm.Word came in that this quake was different - this time the plates had not moved vertically but horizontally, and this prevented displacement of huge volumes of sea water. By evening, there was a distinct sense of relief.Beaches in Chennai, Puri and other cities along the coast were cleared as the armed forces went on a 'State 1' alert and warships in the region were put on 'hot stand-by' after a massive earthquake of 8.6 magnitude was reported off Indonesian coast. The Air Force ordered two C-130 and one IL-76 airborne with rescue personnel bound for Port Blair on the Andamans, which was the first casualty of the 2004 tsunami that also washed away hundreds of villages along the Tamil Nadu coast.Security measures at several vital nuclear installations, including Kalpakkam and Kudankulam, were beefed up. Schools near the shoreline were shut immediately and parents rushed to fetch their kids as warnings flashed on radio and TV. Chennai port was ordered shut and containers, vessels and tankers towed away for safe mooring.In Kolkata, the underground Metro service was suspended for nearly an hour as high-rise buildings were vacated in central Kolkata and Salt Lake City. Shoppers swarmed out of malls and audiences out of cinema halls and multiplexes, triggering massive traffic snarls in downtown Kolkata.As people rushed out onto the streets after two rounds of tremors cascading from the Aceh quake, the National Disaster Management Authority flashed a tsunami warning, setting off the biggest disaster drill in the country since the NDMA was created. The threat subsided as no wall of water was seen rushing westward from Sumatra but the morning tested every aspect of the disaster drill and rescue response times.Cops and medical personnel were out on the streets and phones jangled across the coastline with warnings as the Union home ministry asked secretaries of the Andaman and Nicobar islands and all east coast states to join any possible rescue effort. The government also readied six battalions of the National Disaster Response Force for deployment from New Delhi in case of an emergency and positioned six more teams in Chennai and 15 in Guntoor.Union home secretary R K Singh, who reviewed the situation in the aftermath of the Aceh quake, said the panic, that lasted more than four hours, had died down along India's coastline and the government was ready to deal with any eventuality.In the Andamans and Nicobar archipelago, sirens blared and rescuers rushed to the inhabited shores to evacuate people to higher ground in six of the most vulnerable islands which recorded more than 3,400 casualties in the last tsunami.Along the Andhra coast, people ran out of offices and homes in Srikakulam, Tekkali, Vizianagaram, Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada, Ongole, Nellore and Tirupati. As in Kolkata, some houses and apartments developed cracks and the tremors smashed glass panes at a few places in East Godavari and Srikakulam.Why It Didn't Trigger TsunamiQuake similar in location and intensity to the Dec 2004 temblor that triggered a tsunami. That quake moved vertically, displacing water, leading to tidal waves. In Wednesday's quake, earth moved horizontally and did not displace large volumes of water2004: A Different Story9.1-magnitude undersea quake off Sumatra triggered tsunami waves up to Africa. Killed 2.3 lakh people in 14 countries, including India and Sri Lanka . Caused $10 billion in damagesTemblor tremors:* Within 8 minutes, Indian Tsunami Early Warning System issues alert for Nicobar islands, prompting evacuation of some 150 people* Warning says waves up to 2m expected along parts of eastern coast* 6 battalions of disaster response force kept ready to be flown to Andamans. 6 more teams in Chennai and 15 in Guntur on stand-by* 2 IAF planes with five tonnes of relief material ready to be flown to Port Blair* Metro services halted in Kolkata after tremors* Chennai shuts port ops; 150 people from South Andaman evacuated* Thousands flock to Chennai beach to see 'live tsunami'* Around 5pm, 3 hours after first quake, NDMA says no likelihood of tsunami anywhere in Indian Ocean* Sensex slips 44 pts on tsunami fears", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12629843", "title": "Students stranded on ship rescued", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Seven students of fisheries sciences who were stranded on the vessel in which they were travelling were rescued by the Indian Coast Guard at the Vizag coast on Wednesday. The vessel was stranded in the sea due to a technical problem. All the seven students of Central Institute of Fisheries Nautical and Engineering Training (CIFNET) onboard the vessel Tarangini, heaved a sigh of relief after the Coast Guard safely brought them to the shore.The students from Muthkoor in Nellore were taken to the sea for a one-day project trip as part of their course. The vessel Tarangini was at a distance of more than 30 nautical miles from the Vizag coast near Bheemunipatnam when it developed a technical snag. The crew of the vessel found that one of the fishing nets used by the students slipped from their hands and got tangled on the vessel propeller which stopped the movement of the ship.Pravallika of Anantapur, who was part of the student group, said they were worried as the vessel was stranded in the mid-sea. \"But once the vessel captain sent a message to the authorities concerned, the Coast Guard assured us help,\" she said. Coast Guard vessel Charlie 'C' 141 escorted them and safely brought them to the harbour at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12631444", "title": "Bullied? It can hurt immune system too", "text": "LONDON: Bullying doesn't just hurt one's feelings - it can damage one's immune system also, according to researchers who have based their findings on a study on monkeys. Lead author Jenny Tung at Duke University studied rhesus macaques and found that when one was introduced to a new group, which results in it having the lowest status, it became stressed and its immune system dropped in efficiency.The researchers believe that the social stress that moulds a monkey's immune system could help understand how stress affects humans, the 'Daily Mail' reported.In fact, they studied 10 groups of female macaques in which researchers could manipulate individuals' social rank. Before being placed into new groups, all of the macaques started out as middle rank. \"In the wild, macaques inherit their social rank from their mothers.\"But in our research, the order of introduction determines rank. The newcomer is generally lower status. When some macaques' status changed after a newcomer arrived , so did their patterns of immune system gene activity ,\" Tung said.The researchers used microarrays , a technology that allows them to scan thousands of genes and read the expression levels, to look at the macaques' immune cells. The gene activity that changed the most depending on social rank was what controlled inflammation.Previous studies have found lower status macaques have higher levels of inflammation and have changes in their levels of hormones that indicate they are under more stress. Based on the pattern of gene activity, the researchers could, without looking at a monkey's identity, predict whether that animal was high (rank one or two), middle or low (rank four or five) with 80% accuracy. The gene scans revealed the pattern of immune system activity changed along with these monkeys' social ranks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636925", "title": "Anurag Kashyap postpones Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana", "text": "Anurag Kashyap and UTV's joint production Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana has been postponed as the producers wish to avoid the clash of the ongoing IPL series and multiple film releases next month.Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana was supposed to release on May 18 with Ram Goal Varma's action thriller, Department. Apart from that there are at least two dozen films releasing during the IPL.UTV and Anurag have a good track record with films like Aamir , Dev D and Udaan, and they don't want to take chances of a good masala family entertainer like this one going unnoticed. UTV's spoke person confirmed, \"With the IPL already going on, the month of May is crowded with films like Jannat 2, Dangerous Ishq, Department, Ishaqzaade hitting theaters each week. A film like Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana needs a clean date to release much like Paan Singh Tomar, and we will announce a suitable date soon.\"We also heard that Anurag who is busy with his Gangs of Wasseypur is yet to finish the editing of Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana. With the film being pushed anyway, the filmmaker can now take his time and need not worry about a rushed job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629626", "title": "ECR earning exceeds 2011-12 target by 3.66%", "text": "PATNA: The East Central Railway (ECR) celebrated its 57th Railway Week at a function at S K Memorial Hall here on Wednesday. Altogether 299 employees from five ECR divisions received awards on the occasion for their outstanding service to the railways.ECR GM Varun Bharthuar lauded the role of railway officials and employees for their contribution to the railways development and progress in the zone. \"It's due to their hard work that the ECR could earn about Rs 7,948 crore during 2011-2012, which is about 15.32% more than what it earned in 2010-2011 fiscal year,\" he said, adding that it was 3.66% more than the target set by the Railway Board.According to Bharthuar, the ECR made a record earning of about Rs 1,476 crore in the passenger segment. It loaded about 94.68 million tonne freight during 2011-2012, yielding impressive revenue to the railways. \"Railways has improved on its train timings, particularly of mail and express trains, this year. Besides, it has installed solar lights at 43 railway crossing gates to improve safety measures,\" he said.According to the GM, 121 passenger reservation system (PRS) and 47 unreserved ticketing system (UTS) counters with PRS besides 342 UTS counters have so far been set up at different stations in all the five divisions of the ECR.The GM said railways was carrying out several projects in the ECR for the benefit of commuters. While work on the ambitious rail-cum-road bridge over Ganga, from Digha to Sonepur, was in full swing, the newly built Patliputra station was ready to link with Danapur and Patna stations. It would be opened for traffic after inspection and clearance by commissioner of railway safety (CRS), he said.The ECR also recruited about 516 candidates on compassionate grounds and 60 others under sports, scouts &amp; guide and cultural quotas. Railways has also advertised about 7,526 vacancies in group D category, he said.Later, the GM handed over shields, awards and certificates to railway officials and employees for their outstanding work in their respective divisions. While divisional railway manager (DRM) of Dhanbad, Sudhir Kumar, received the GM's shield for overall efficiency, Mughalsarai DRM Anup Kumar received the runner-up shield. Mughalsarai also bagged the top award for its cleanliness drive, followed by Sitamarhi and Valmikinagar stations under Samastipur division. The GM also released a book on the occasion.The Danapur division bagged 14 shields in various fields, including ticket-checking, track maintenance, work efficiency, track renewal work, safety, security and Rajbhasa. Danapur DRM L M Jha received these shields and awards on behalf of the division.Cultural programmes were also organized to mark the occasion. Chief electrical engineer R K Singh, vice president of ECR women organization Vinita Singh, and several other officials were present on the occasion. ECR deputy GM A K Jha conducted the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630868", "title": "Despite tremors, Bangalore Metro didn't stop", "text": "BANGALORE: Metro services in Kolkata and Delhi were shut down on Wednesday as a precautionary measure following the high-intensity earthquake. But Bangalore's Metro did not stop its operations even for a minute.\"The Bangalore Metro is designed in a way that none of the structures will even feel the tremor until an earthquake in the city touches 6 on the Richter Scale. The Metro is built as per Zone 3 norms of buildings, while Bangalore falls in Zone 2 category of the seismic zones on the world map,\" BMRCL spokesperson told TOI.The operations were normal, in fact, Metro commuters who alighted from the Trinity and MG Road stations, said they did not even feel any vibrations.\"When I left office, which is on Old Madras Road, we felt tremors. But the Metro ride was smooth as on other days. The trains never stopped and I didn't feel anything shake in Byappanahalli or Trinity station,\" said Aparna S, spotted at the Trinity Metro station at 2.35pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630172", "title": "\u2018Maval villagers not blameless\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The HC on Wednesday observed that villagers 'may not be blameless' in the Maval firing incident. A division bench of Justices Sharad Bodbe and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing PILs filed by activist IG Khandelwal and ex-freedom fighter Balasaheb Jhambulkar for an independent probe. Khandelwal's advocate Rajeev Pandey said an FIR has been filed against villagers but they may not testify. Justice Bobde said, \"It's not as if they did nothing. The only thing was how the situation had to be tackled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12635070", "title": "Emraan Hashmi ups his fee", "text": "Riding high on the success of his recent releases like 'The Dirty Picture' and 'Once Upon A Time in Mumbai', actor Emraan Hashmi has increased his remuneration but insists that it is not a \"crazy price\" and will not burden any of his films.The buzz is that Emraan has quoted Rs 10 crore for all the fresh projects. Rumor mills say that the three Khans - Shahrukh, Salman and Aamir - charge about Rs 27-28 crore a film, besides taking a share in the profits.Also, A-listers like Hrithik Roshan and Ajay Devgn charge somewhere about Rs 20 crore per film while Ranbir Kapoor and Shahid Kapoor are believed to charge around Rs 10 crore.Now Emraan may also join them. \"I have increased my rate but I cannot tell you the exact figure. It is a safe price, it is not a crazy price. I have worked in the office of a producer, so I know what happens when they (actors) overprice. So I know what that price should be and it keeps me in the industry for a long haul,\" Emraan told reporters, after unveiling the first of his upcoming film, Shanghai .\"I think as an actor I feel my rate should not burden the film. There are few actors, who charge more and then eventually it burdens the film, but I will never do that,\" the 32-year-old actor said.Emraan has three releases lined up for this year, Mahesh Bhatt's crime thriller, Jannat 2 (May 4), Dibakar Banerjee's political thriller Shanghai (June 8) and Vikram Bhatt's 3D horror film, Raaz 3 (August 31).On his role in Shanghai he said, \"Dibakar has the ability to bring out the actor of his comfort zone. And he made me eat lot of stuff, so that I become fat, have a paunch. Getting the physicality of the character was half the battle won.\"Watch trailer of movie Shanghai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12631894", "title": "Sankat Mochan Sangeet Samaroh begins", "text": "VARANASI: The much awaited 89th Sankat Mochan Sangeet Samaroh began on a high note with legendary performances on Tuesday.While the flute maestro Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia enthralled the audiences with the soft music combination of flute and tabla, Kathak exponent Tulika Kirtiman's perfomance was also highly appreciated.Apart from that, Odishi dancer Ileana Citaristi, Mandolin players U Srinivas and Rajesh Srinivas and vocalists Madhumita Ray also performed on the occasion.More than 11 Padma awardees along with 25 other artistes are going to perform at the five-day music festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631496", "title": "Carboncor holds up work", "text": "Carboncor has once again held the city's road work to ransom. In two road works-minor road and pothole repairs-the firm distributing technology has created problems for the civic body. In the first case, the civic body had allotted 15 roads at a cost of Rs 17 crore to Sumer Infrastructure, where the technology would be used. But the firm failed to start work as it did not pay the additional security deposit; the firm may now \"sub-contract\" the work.In the case of pothole repairs, the civic body had selected Carboncor as one of the four new technologies that would be used by contractors to fill potholes.But Carboncor withdrew from the work, citing stringent conditions.\"Carboncor does not seem to have a good rapport with road contractors. This is one reason why contractors bidding for pothole tenders have stayed away from entering into a joint venture with Carboncor. Time and again, they have raised issues,\" said a senior civic official. Carboncor, a South African road technology, is being distributed in Mumbai by Sumer.\"All paper work has been done for minor roads and we will start work as soon as possible. The work will be subcontracted. There is nothing to worry, as I have eight months to complete work. Work got delayed due to several hiccups like elections,\" said Deepak Shah, director, Sumer Infrastructure.On why he withdrew from the pothole repair work, Shah said, \"The civic body has stringent conditions which makes working very difficult. How can they have a defect liability period for two years? This will dissuade contractors from carrying out work.\"The administration, while finalizing bids for new minor roads worth Rs 375 crore, awarded Carboncor work worth around Rs 17 crore without tenders, which angered road contractors. \"They are being accommodated without following standard procedures,\" said a roads department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629570", "title": "PURTA seeks merger of dearness relief with pension", "text": "PATNA: Expressing its concern over the inordinate delay in implementation of the court order regarding merger of 50% dearness relief (DR) with pension, the Patna University Retired Teachers Association (PURTA) has urged the PU vice-chancellor to expedite payment to all the retired teachers.PURTA office-bearers Bakshi Vidyanand Sinha, S W M Subuktagin and S K Ganguli also appealed to the VC to take immediate steps for the compliance of Patna high court order of April 4 last in the contempt petition filed by the association for the payment of merged DR with effect from January 2005.They pointed out that the contempt petition arose because of the state government's failure to make payment on the court order dated December 21, 2010. As per article16 of Patna University Retirement Benefits Statute, pensioners of the university are entitled to the DR merger benefit at par with the government pensioners from the same date. The court has directed that the above order must be complied within four weeks. The court fixed May 4 next to assess the action taken by the respondents, the university and the government.They said the education department had provided Rs 15 crore to PU on October 10, 2011, for the payment of 50% dearness relief and revised pension. This amount is sufficient for Patna University to comply with the Patna high court order dated April 4. The university now has no excuse for delaying the payment, they said.They have also appealed to the state government to immediately provide adequate funds to all the universities to enable them to pay revised pension to all pre and post-2006 retirees. The high court order pertaining to a large number of contempt petitions of retired university teachers also makes it obligatory for the government to release adequate funds to the universities within the deadline fixed by the court, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631349", "title": "New skywalks: Govt to go easy", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has decided to build skywalks only in places where they are necessary, said Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state, urban development. The CM said tenders for advertisement rights for 22 skywalks got response from bidders in seven cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634655", "title": "Samantha: Dont believe in rumors about Gautham's film", "text": "Samantha has denied rumors that she is singing a song in the Gautham Menon directed Nee Thaane Pon Vasantham. The actress has said that though it is good to read such rumors, she has no such 'hidden talents' as reported by a section of the media.Some days ago there were reports that Samantha had sung a song which was set to tunes by maestro Ilayaraja, the music director of Nee Thaane En Pon Vasantham. The actress has appealed to all her fans not to believe in these rumors.In Nee Thaane En Pon Vasantham, Samantha plays the lead girl in all the three versions - Tamil, Telugu and Hindi. Jiiva is her lead pair in the Tamil version.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630634", "title": "Another succumbs to swine flu in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 65-year-old man Dilip Kumar Babel succumbed to swine flu virus at Sterling Hospital on Wednesday. Kumar was a resident of Govindnagar, Udaipur, and was shifted to the local hospital on last week when his condition became serious.Chief medical administrator of Sterling Hospital Nikhil Lala said Kumar was brought to the hospital in a critical condition with severe breathlessness due to acute respiratory tract infection. Officials said Kumar suffered from high fever accompanied with chills. He later developed severe coughing. When his condition failed to improve despite medications, he was shifted to the civil hospital in Udaipur. There, his sample for H1N1 was taken as he showed classical symptoms of the virus. Later, when he developed breathlessness, indicating involvement of the lungs, he was transferred to Sterling Hospital in Ahmedabad.\"We got a report from Udaipur that Kumar had tested positive for swine flu,\" Lala said. tnn He said post the death of Kumar, nurses and staff as well as relatives of Kumar have been quarantined and treatment started as per protocol issued by the state health department.It needs mention that Ahmedabad reported its first swine flu death when Yasminbanu Iqbal Hussain, a Sarkhej resident, died of swine flu in the city on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630956", "title": "Traders call off strike after chief minister's assurance", "text": "BHOPAL: The Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) and the Hotel and Restaurant Association, Bhopal , have decided to call off their three-day bandh from Thursday after an 'assurance' from chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan that the disputed Food Security Act would not be implemented in the state anytime soon.Naveen Sujwani, spokesperson of Hotel and Restaurant Association, told TOI, \"Our representatives met the chief minister during the day. He has assured us that the Act, which was to come into effect from August 5 this year, would not be implemented soon.\"He added, \"We also had a talk with Member of Parliament Sushma Swaraj who assured us that the day Lok Sabha resumes (April 25), all the BJP MPs from Madhya Pradesh would take up the issue of the Act and press for amendments.\"At the Chief Minister's behest, the rally which was supposed to be taken out from MP Nagar Zone I on Wednesday was cancelled.In the evening, CAIT members and other traders' association also had a meeting at Gurubakhsha ki Talleya, Ram Mandir along with MP Kailash Joshi and Vishwas Sarang where it was decided that the bandh would be discontinued from Thursday.Day three of the bandh was mixed as some small shops were open. According to the members of the traders' association, the bandh was 80% successful in the state.The Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has lambasted the state government for shedding 'crocodile tears' over the issue. The Food Safety and Security Act would ensure healthy and unadulterated food products to the people, but issues related to the health of the people do not seem to bother the chief minister, a Congress release said on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629540", "title": "All four suspected swine flu patients test negative", "text": "NAGPUR: The four patients suspected to be suffering from swine flu have tested negative for the disease. Two others had tested positive for the disease last week.The four patients who tested negative, two males and two females, had been admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital with swine flu symptoms in the last two days. Their blood samples were sent to the National Institute of Virology, Pune for confirmation. Fortunately, all four have tested negative.\"Two men, a 63-year old from the city and a 36-year-old from Chandrapur, had come on Monday. The two women, aged 50 and 60, were admitted on Tuesday with symptoms similar to those seen in swine flu patients. However, all four of them have tested negative,\" said Dr Arun Humne, superintendent of GMCH and the head of preventive and social medicine department.Meanwhile, officials from Nagpur Municipal Corporation assured that preparations are in place to handle any cases of the disease. City hospitals are well stocked with medicines and other material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "vasco/panaji", "code": "12630416", "title": "Tremors were felt in Goa", "text": "VASCO/PANAJI: Following two powerful earthquakes on the west coast of north Sumatra in Indonesia, tremors were felt in Goa in the afternoon around 2.15 pm, but no damages has been reported in any part of the state.Speaking to TOI, director of the Met department, K V Singh, said, \"Tremors were felt in Margao, Vasco, Panaji and Porvorim and there are no reports of any damage in any part of Goa due to the powerful earthquake.\"He also said that the intensity of the earthquake was of 8.5 magnitude. \"(but what) Goa felt was of very low magnitude,\" he said.Singh also said that fishermen should take precautions while going out into the deep sea for a catch. \"Fishermen should not go into the deep sea for catch,\" he said.At about 2:15pm, Poornima Dessai, staying on the 4th floor of Nandadeep Apartments in Chota Bajar of Baina, felt that the bed she was lying on was shaking. Panicking, she asked her 17-year-old daughter to sleep on the bed and see if she felt the same too.When the duo confirmed that it was indeed the effect of an earthquake, they ran to their gallery shouting out to alert their neighbors. Later, they came out of their flat and informed others about it. Their attached flat also experienced tremors for about 5-10 minutes with intervals of few seconds. Though there was no damage, the families stayed out in their verandas for a few minutes before going inside. Later, the Dessai family visited the Baina beach as planned earlier with their cousins.The same was experienced in River Height Apartments in Adarshnagar, Chicalim, where Preetam Kirloskar and his mother felt the effect of the tremors. Preetam said, \"I was sitting on the sofa when I noticed that the floor was shaking slightly; even the show pieces in the showcase were trembling.\" Besides this, Prakash Gawane, ex-president of the Baina Ramponkar and Canoe Owners Association said, \"In the afternoon, the waves had com little on top to the surface which happens in rough weather.\"Atul Jadhav, the President of Goa Barge Owner's Association, said, \"The Captain of Ports have alerted us and accordingly we have directed our crew members to take the vessels to safe shores and not to venture out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629723", "title": "Patnaites panic in quake, aftershocks feared", "text": "PATNA: The mild tremors felt here on Wednesday afternoon panicked Patnaites no end. The first tremor was felt at 2.08pm for around six seconds. However after two hours, aftershocks were also felt for a few seconds, said the director of Patna meteorological department, A K Sen. \"In the coming 48 hours, some more aftershocks may be felt,\" he added.According to Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), an earthquake of the intensity of 8.5 on Richter scale jolted 28 countries, including the eastern coast of India. Its epicentre was the western coast of Sumatra in Indonesia .People rushed out of their buildings in various parts of the city after they experienced the tremors. However, they returned to their places after some time.Sen told TOI a quake measuring 8.5 on the Richter scale is classified as a high intensity earthquake. However, since Patna is around 3,000 kilometres away from the epicentre, its affect wasn't felt much here except in the high-rises.\"The tremors left the locals terrified. Amar Kumar, manager of the only revolving restaurant in the city, said, \"While I was busy with my work, I, along with staff and customers, felt the tremors. I was working on computer and all of a sudden, my table along with cupboard and other items started shaking. Consequently, we all rushed to the terrace restaurant at 16th floor in search of some open space.\"A bewildered customer at a lounge in Biscomaun Towers, Manish Jha, said, \"I was having lunch with my friends at the lounge. Suddenly, I felt the cutlery on my table shaking. Before I could realize anything, I saw people rushing downstairs. But by God's grace, we are all safe.\"Even as locals were yet to come out of the shock of the first tremors, the aftershocks unnerved them further. \"We had resumed work after the initial shocks, but felt things around us shaking for a second time,\" said Alok Kumar, a shopkeeper at Twin Towers, adding, \"I learn there can be more aftershocks. I don't think I am going to have peaceful sleep tonight.\"Gyan Prabha, a housewife residing at Shivam Apartment near AN College, sharing her experience said, \"I was alone in my flat watching TV sitting on the sofa. As I felt the tremors, I rushed downstairs where many people of my society gathered. However, I came back after some time. Then again after two hours, I experienced shocks, which really left me terrified. I am still trying to come out of the fright.\"However, no damage was reported from any part of the city. \"No loss of life and property has been reported so far. Everything is safe,\" said city SP Kim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631525", "title": "Sankpal elected Pune Bar Association chief", "text": "PUNE: Advocate Ashok Sankpal was elected as the new president of the Pune Bar Association (PBA) for the year 2012-13. The other office-bearers are Shivraj Patil and Satish Pahilwan (vice presidents), Pawan Kulkarni and Sagar Nevse (secretaries), Satyajit Tupe (treasurer) and Umesh Kadam who was re-elected as auditor for the second time.The executive members are Aruna Angarkhe, Sheeta Bhutade, Dnyaneshwar Bharde, Ninad Bagmar, Santosh Kamble, Sudam Murkute, Rajiv Marathe, Vikas Musale, Moreshwar Raut and Ibrahim Shaikh.The elections results were declared by chief returning officer Milind Pawar and additional returning officers Rajendra Daundkar and Pravin Nalawade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630442", "title": "Class 2 student dies after fall in school", "text": "CHENNAI: A class 2 student of a private school in Mogappair East died at a hospital in Chetpet on Wednesday of injuries sustained in school on Monday. While fellow students said he slipped down the stairs and was trampled upon, the management of Shamrock Matriculation Higher Secondary School said the incident occurred while he was playing in the ground on campus.Some students said Ahmed Aslam (8) rushed out of class as soon as the final bell rang at 4.30pm, slipped while descending the stairs and fell down. The others failed to notice this and ran over him. \"Most didn't hear his screams as they happily ran towards the ground floor on their way home. Some, however, noticed Aslam and helped him reach his house, situated behind the school,\" a student who didn't want to be named told TOI.Aslam lived on the second floor of an apartment complex. His mother S Ayesha Banu said, \"Two students dropped my son at the door and ran away saying he had fallen down and got hurt. Within a few minutes, Aslam swooned.\"Aslam was taken to a corporate hospital in Mogappair and later referred to a private hospital in Chetpet where he died. \"Doctors said he died due to a head injury and sudden cardiac arrest. Though his condition was critical, we took him to the hospital in Chetpet where he survived for a day,\" Ayesha Banu's husband C Sampath, an autorickshaw driver, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12631387", "title": "Niceness lies in your genes, say scientists", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ever wondered why some people are nice and generous while others behave badly? It's because their genes may have nudged them towards developing different personalities, scientists say.Researchers at the University of Buffalo and University of California, Irvine, found a connection between people being nice and versions of receptor genes for two hormones, oxytocin and vasopressin, that have been associated with niceness in past studies.The new research, published in the journal Psychological Science, suggests that if you have the genes that give you certain versions of those hormone receptors, you are more likely to be a nice person than if you have the genes for one of the other versions.However, the researchers found in the study that the genes work in concert with a person's upbringing and life experiences to determine how sociable - or anti-social - he or she becomes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12634438", "title": "I am tired and need some rest, freed Italian Paolo Bosusco says", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Italian hostage Paolo Bosusco was released by the Maoists on Thursday, 29 days after he was abducted along with his countryman Claudio Colangelo by the Naxals in Odisha's Kandhamal district.Bosusco,54, was handed over by the Maoists to their mediator Dandapani Mohanty and some journalists in the forest of tribal-dominated Kandhamal district bordering Gajapati and Ganjam, official sources said.Bosusco, a Puri-based Italian tour operator, had been abducted along with 61-year-old tourist Colangelo from his country on March 14 while trekking in the forests of Daringbadi area in Kandhamal district.The Italian national was brought to the state capital in the company of mediapersons and Mohanty who, along with B D Sharma, negotiated with three Odisha government representatives for his release.Saying that he loves Odisha very much, Bosusco told reporters, \"I am happy being a free man now. I am tired and need some rest.\"His release came two days after top Maoist leader of Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) Sabyasachi Panda's wife Subhashree Panda alias Mili Panda was released from jail following her acquittal by a Gunupur court in an encounter case of 2004.Subhashree was one of the seven persons whose release the Maoists had demanded as one of the conditions to set free the Italian, who had spent the last 19 years in Puri running a travel agency.The state government had also agreed to release five persons, including Subhashree, in order to secure the freedom of Bosusco unharmed and in good health.The Italian's release came five days after the state government representatives, led by home secretary UN Behera and the two Maoist-named mediators, signed a joint statement on April 7 on fulfilment of the 13-point charter of demands placed by the abductors.His compatriot Colangelo had been released by the Maoists on March 25 as a \"goodwill gesture\", while Bosusco was not freed by the ultras who wanted their demands to be fulfilled by the Odisha government.Even after signing of the joint statement, Bosusco's release was then delayed apparently due to inability of the Maoist mediators to send the document to Sabyasachi Panda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12629214", "title": "AIUDF unhappy with Haj arrangements", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) has expressed unhappiness over the arrangements made for Haj pilgrims in the state. A delegation of AIUDF legislators and office-bearers met chief minister Tarun Gogoi recently and informed him that many pilgrims would not not be able to make it to Mecca as the time limit for submission of application and passport documents was too short.The delegation said the Central Haj Committee has fixed April 16 as the last date for submission of passport documents and applications. However, since police verification of many pilgrims is yet to be over, it will be impossible for them to submit their documents within this time, they said.AIUDF leaders have sought the chief minister's intervention into the matter and extend the date for submission of documents by at least one month. The leaders have also requested the CM to ensure that none of the Haj aspirants are left out.\"We requested the chief minister to take necessary measures to ensure that none of the Haj aspirants are left out. We also want the date of submission of documents to be extended by a month,\" AIUDF legislator Abdur Rahim Khan said.Haj committee officials, however, said all necessary steps had been taken to ensure that none of the pilgrims face any problems. \"Our effort is to ensure that all the Haj pilgrims can make it to Mecca without any hassle,\" a Haj committee official said.Last year,too, AIUDF was unhappy over the functioning of state Haj committee and it went to the extent of accusing the committee of being \"politicized\" and controlled by the Congress. They alleged that many pilgrims had to face difficulties on accommodation, drinking water and timely collection of documents before they embarked on their journey to Mecca.AIUDF chief and Dhubri MP Badruddin Ajmal even suggested that the committee should include members from other religions and social organizations. Ajmal advocated that inclusion of members from other religions and social organizations will only strengthen their secular values.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631374", "title": "Fund shortage stalls railways' water recycling plant plan", "text": "PUNE: The Pune railway administration's plan to set up a water recycling plant at the coach maintenance complex in Ghorpadi is stuck due to shortage of funds.The plant, which was approved last year, will cost Rs 36 lakh and will have the capacity to treat about 5,000 litre of water per hour.Sources said that the plant could be started in a span of one year after allocation of funds for the project. When the plant is ready, the railways will be able to recycle a large quantity of used water and will not have to depend only on the water supply by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), officials added.On an average, 12 trains are cleaned and maintained every day at the pit lines at Pune station and Ghorpadi yard. To replace the conventional manual washing of coaches, the administration recently installed an automatic coach washing plant at Ghorpadi where about 26,000 litre of water was being saved every day. Moreover, 50% of the water being used was also being recycled there. But the administration now wants to install a separate plant only for recycling of water, so that 100% of the water used for washing trains can be treated and re-used for cleaning purposes.A railway official said, \"Of the 12 trains maintained at Pune, about two to three are still being cleaned manually, while others are cleaned at the automatic coach washing plant. In the manual method, about 12,000 litre of water is used to clean a 10-coach rake as compared to 10,000 litre of water used for cleaning a 24-coach train at the automatic plant. There is a plan to treat the used water at the recycling plant and to re-use it. Meanwhile, 50% of the water is already treated at the automatic coach washing plant. The remaining quantity will be taken through channels to the proposed recycling plant and treated there.\"According to an official, the work for the water recycling plant, which will have the capacity to treat about 5,000 litre of water per hour, has already been sanctioned. The cost of the project is around Rs 36 lakh, which is yet to be received. The work is expected to begin with the second phase of pit-lines laying works of the Ghorpadi yard coach complex.Meanwhile, due to the on-going water restrictions, the railway administration is receiving about 30.58 lakh litre of water every day as against the quota of 52.64 lakh litre. Various measures are being taken to meet the water demand at railway stations in the Pune division. All departments have been instructed to use water cautiously, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12630658", "title": "This group is all beer and skittles", "text": "LUDHIANA: Their comradeship is a sweet brewage of fun, adventure, patience and support.What binds the best of friends - Narender, Harish, Ashish and Shashi Shekhar - is not only each others company, but their love for beer as well. And, the drink forms the staple of all their parties too.Narender Kumar, alias Rocky, 37, a garment manufacturer and resident of Sector 32, on Wednesday called his three friends at a bar on Ferozepur Road for some ''gup-shup'' and a glass of bubbly. The ''most helping member'' of the group who guides everyone when needed, Narinder said theirs has been a close-knit group since 12 years. ''We are so used to each other that we cannot think of parting ways,'' he said with a smile.Somewhat reserved, but fun-loving, Harish Maggo, alias Goldy, 35, of Shivaji Nagar, Samrala Road, is the most ''amusing'' in the lot. His ever-ready line up of jokes ensures that everyone is in good humour. And Ashish Sikka, 33, a resident of Sundar Nagar who is into trading business, shares a great rapport with everyone. ''He is a very good listener. He patiently listens to all for hours together, especially after he downs a drink or two,'' Harish chuckled.Shashi Shekhar, 37, a resident of Moti Nagar who manufacturers computerized scales, is always ready to help his friends. ''He is a sweet and nice man. Without a word, he ensures his support for us,'' said Ashish.Coming back to their first love, Narinder said, ''We all love beer, and we eagerly look forward to our weekly beer parties. We have a simple adjustment - except one day which we spend exclusively with our families, we meet each other every day to spend some light moments together.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12632016", "title": "Sans Amit Shah, Modi on a sticky Gujarat Cricket Association wicket", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Around a thousand days after Narendra Modi took guard at Gujarat Cricket Association (GCA) as president, the chief minister finds himself on a sticky wicket. If the goings-on at GCA have gone tougher, it is largely due to the absence of GCA vice-president and former minister of state for home, Amit Shah , who is barred by the Supreme Court from entering Gujarat for alleged involvement in the Sohrabuddin Shaikh encounter case.For the first time after he ousted Congress strongman and former deputy CM Narhari Amin from GCA's helm in September 2009, Modi faces his toughest challenge on the field. The three-year term of Central Board of Cricket, Ahmedabad (CBCA), a key to controlling GCA, ends on May 29, paving way for elections. Sources say Modi is fighting shy of the big game. The reason is obvious - Modi may be an efficient chief minister but he is a bad captain for GCA.Losing CBCA could inevitably lead to losing GCA. \"Audited reports for the current year have not been tabled. Requests for changing voters by CBCA members have not been granted. And, the annual general meeting has not been called for the last two years. It seems they have no intention to hold CBCA elections on time,\" says a confident Amin, who plans to move court if polls are not held when due.The GCA elections too are imminent. Shah single-handedly wrested the state's top cricketing body from Amin's hands and was surprised when Modi demanded the president's post. Without Shah, it is beyond Modi to retain the GCA in an assembly election year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12629223", "title": "Export issues for Nalbari weavers with rebel history", "text": "GUWAHATI: After vowing investors from Brazil, silk products made by weavers of Nalbari are makig an effort to make their presence felt in other parts of the globe. But trained in this art by Runima Chaudhury, wife of Ulfa's foreign secretary Sashadhar Chaudhury, weavers of Nalbari's Pallavi Handloom are finding it very difficult to procure a driving license.\"Our products were officially certified last year and we were invited to a show in Chennai on March 27 where more than 100 foreign buyers were present. A team of buyers from Brazil selected our products and wanted us to export them,\" said Runima. \"For that we need an export license, but many officials have said that it might be a problem for us as I have a history with Ulfa. This is a community service that we have initiated and it is no way related to Ulfa or its ideology.\"Runima, who set up Pallavi Handloom in 2010, said that the government must not ignore the skill of these weavers only because they were trained by her. Runima, who was with her husband Sashadhar Chaudhury in Bangladesh , received training in handloom and textile industry for five years there.The Pallavi Handloom has 12 looms where 10 persons weave Mekhela-Chadar, Gamocha and other silk products. The handloom was set up to promote local products and to make rural woman self-employed. \"The weavers from adjacent areas like Borbeel, Sarthebari, Patsala have worked with the handloom. None of them had any Ulfa background,\" said a weaver.Officials of Silkmark, a certifying agency for silk products in India, said that acquiring an export license involves a lengthy procedure. \"We have given our certification to some of the products made by Pallavi Handloom in 2011. However, they might face difficulties in getting the export license due to Runima's past,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12629870", "title": "Border farmers to demand incentives", "text": "AMRITSAR: Ahead of home minister P Chidambaram's visit to Amritsar for the inauguration of the Integrated Check Post, farmers of border districts of Punjab have decided to converge at the India-Pak international border at Attari on April 13 to raise the issues of people living near the border and to demand special concessions for border area residents.Vice-president of Border Area Sanghrash Committee Rattan Singh Randhawa told TOI on Wednesday that people living in villages situated close to the international border with Pakistan had faced brunt of cross-border threats. \"We are deprived of facilities and had to migrate to safety whenever clouds of war engulfs the region and have to restart our lives, it had happened more than four times so the government should give us special attention,\" he said.He said UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi had announced to give a compensation of Rs 25,000 per acre to the farmers having their cultivable land beyond border fence but the assurance was never fulfilled. \"We have not demanded Rs 25000 per acre, let us give only Rs 10,000 per acre but it should be regular and not for one or two times as had happened in the past,\" said a border area farmer Kundan Singh of Daoke village, which is surrounded by Pakistan on three sides.Another farmer leader Satnam Singh Ajnala said that people of border areas wanted setting up of Border Development Board, which should assure overall development of border areas including pucca roads, medical and education facilities, etc. Another resident of border village of Rajokae, Kabul Singh, said that the central government should make a uniform policy of opening of border gates for farmers. \"Presently BSF makes its own decision when to open a border gate or not, which results in huge financial losses to farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12630874", "title": "Memories keep it afloat", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even 100 year after the ''unsinkable'' sunk, Titanic still draws Ludhianvis as it does in other parts of the world. With the re-release of the movie Titanic, this time in 3D, the movie-goers are queuing up to watch the infamous disaster.''I watched Titanic for the first time of the big screen. 15 years ago in 1997 when the movie was first released I was too young. Though later I saw it many times on TV, but this time the feel was totally different. It was like watching the Titanic sink in front of your own eyes,'' said Tanpreet Kaur, 23, of Model Town.Sanjeev Sharma of Sarabha Nagar said he had seen this film 15 yeas ago too, but seeing it now was altogether a new experience. A resident of Model Town, Amarjeet Singh said, ''It has been so many years, but I still remember that after watching the movie, I got so emotional that I saw it again, back to back. Not only this after seeing the two consecutive shows, I again went to see the movie after a couple of days.''A resident of Dandi Swami road, Shweta Bansal said as she got to know that Titanic 3D is releasing, she booked the show and on the very first day. It was such an amazing experience, she added.Dilbag Singh, resident of Civil Lines, said, ''This film is unforgettable and seeing it today was a refreshing experience. Even after 15 years, many scenes were still fresh in my memory.''The saga of Titanic has been etched on almost everyone's mind. Sukhjeevan Sharma of Model Gram said he is so passionate about the movie that after so many years he doesn't miss the movie whenever its being played on the TV. And now as he got to know about the 3D version, he could not resist himself for watching it.A resident of Pakhowal road, Amarjeet Singh said this is a classic movie and he can easily understand that the director, James Cameron, wanted to convey the emotional message of the tragedy, and felt that a love story interspersed with the loss would be essential to achieve this. Resident of Gurdev Nagar Amit Sachdeva said after seeing Kate Winslet in the film, he fell in love with her and his dream is to marry her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629917", "title": "Thunderstorm in city leads to power snags", "text": "KANPUR: The thunderstorm that hit the city on late Tuesday night led to disruption in power supply in most of the localities of city. On Saturday also, a thunderstorm had struck because of, which Kesco had stopped supply of power to the major 33 KV feeders during early hours. As a result, the supply could not be further extended to 11 KV lines and to the sub-stations. The power was shut by Kesco authorities to avoid any mishap but later, the power system itself collapsed.The measure was taken by Kesco to avoid falling of trees on power wires and cables, that result in a huge loss.The change in the weather conditions gave some respite to people from the blistering heat but various localities plunged into darkness following snapping of wires. Also many trees were uprooted at many places. The occurence of snags due to storm led to bleak power scenario. The power was restored in certain localities like Cantt, Mall road, Khapra Mohal only after the storm ended.Many localities like Kaushalpuri, Kidwai Nagar, Barra, Civil Lines, Mall road, Kalyanpur, Sarvodaya Nagar remained powerless for hours. The residents of Kaushalpuri were the worst hit as a large tree was uprooted and the occurence of fault resulted in power snag during night hours also. Rahman Ali, a local said, \"The moment the storm had set in, the power was shut and only after several hours power was restored.\"Few residents commented that the first shower was enjoyable but disruption in power supply was unexpected. Rahul Mishra, a resident of Gumti locality said, \"After we made a complaint in Kesco that there is no power in a large portion of the area, the power was restored during the evening hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "banda aceh (indonesia)", "code": "12628955", "title": "Asia relives horror of 2004", "text": "BANDA ACEH (Indonesia): Two massive earthquakes triggered back-to-back tsunami warnings for Indonesia and its southeast Asian neighbours on Wednesday, reawakening painful memories of the catastrophic 2004 tsunami and sending panicked residents fleeing to high ground in cars and on the backs of motorcycles.No deadly waves or serious damage resulted, and a tsunami watch for much of the Indian Ocean was lifted after a few hours.Women and children cried in Aceh, where memories are still raw of the 2004 disaster that killed 170,000 people in the province alone. Others screamed \"God is great\" as they poured from their homes or searched frantically for separated family members.Patients were wheeled out of hospitals, some still lying in their beds with drips attached to their arms. And at least one hotel guest was slightly injured when he jumped out of his window.The US Geological Survey said the epicentre of the first 8.6-magnitude quake was a shallow 22 km below the Indian Ocean bed , 435 km from Aceh's provincial capital.An alert that followed from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii advised countries all along the rim of the Indian Ocean, from Australia and India to as far off as Africa , that a seismically charged wave could head their way.People near the coast in six Thai provinces were ordered to move to higher ground. Authorities shut down the international airport in the Thai beach resort province of Phuket.Two deadly tsunamis in the last decade - the most recent off Japan just one year ago - have left the world much better prepared. Sirens sounded along coastlines and warnings spread like wildfire by mobile phone text messaging. Though often chaotic, evacuations began immediately with streets clogged with traffic, especially in Aceh.The only wave to hit, though, was less than 30 inches high, rolling to Indonesia's emptied coastline. Just as the region was sighing relief, an 8.2-magnitude aftershock followed.\"We just issued another tsunami warning,\" Prih Harjadi, from Indonesia's geophysics agency, told TVOne in a live interview. He told his countrymen to stay clear of western coasts.Residents in Aceh could hardly believe it. \"What did we do to deserve this?\" cried Aisyah Husaini, 47, who lost both her parents and a son in the 2004 tsunami. \"What sins have we committed?\"Again, though, the threat quickly passed.The tremors, however, were felt in neighbouring Malaysia , where high-rise buildings shook, Thailand and Bangladesh , apart from India. Those countries, as well as Sri Lanka and the Maldives evacuated buildings and beaches and readied relief efforts in case of disaster.The World Meteorological Organization said communication systems set up after the 2004 tsunami appeared to have worked well.\"Our records indicate that all the national meteorological services in the countries at risk by this tsunami have received the warnings in under five minutes,\" said Maryam Golnaraghi, the head of WMO's disaster risk reduction program.The alert was sent out by US National Weather Service , which operates a tsunami warning station in Hawaii, she said. Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12635846", "title": "IT cos hire maximum NRI pros: Study", "text": "BANGALORE: Among Indian cities, Bangalore hires the highest proportion of NRI professionals. In the January-March 2012 quarter, NRI professionals were 29% of the total number of lateral hires (people with more than three years of experience ) in Bangalore. In Delhi /NCR, this was 27%, in Mumbai 26%, in Hyderabad 18% and in Chennai and Kolkata 16% each, says a study by MyHiringClub, a global recruitment tendering platform .\"Overall hiring activity was not good in the final quarter of the last financial year, but the quantum of NRI hiring has gone up. IT, pharma and healthcare companies prefer to hire candidates with international exposure,'' says Rajesh Kumar, CEO of MyHiringClub . Many of these are companies that are expanding globally and therefore need to understand global practices and market specificities , which NRIs do.The study finds that NRI professionals accounted for 21% of total lateral hiring in India during the quarter, a 5 percentage point increase over the previous quarter's 16%. The IT &amp; ITeS sector has seen the maximum number of NRI hiring at 23%. Pharma and healthcare accounted for 21%, FMCG 18% and infrastructure 11%. Bangalore has long been the preferred choice for NRIs.Third party hirers say 7 out of 10 candidates who want to relocate to India ask for vacancies in Bangalore. \"If candidates do not have specific compulsions, based on factors like ageing parents, spouse located elsewhere, bought a home in a different city, children' s school admissions etc, most of them prefer Bangalore ,'' says B S Murthy, CEO of executive search firm LeadershipCapital .Ajay Dutt, business head at Aim Plus Staffing, says Bangalore is the top priority destination for a majority of returning professionals. \"The job opportunities are the highest here. Also, 60% of NRIs who are looking to return are techies and being in Bangalore gives them an edge,'' he says. Kris Lakshmikanth , CEO of HeadHunters , say that in most cases, the NRI preference is for city close to their hometown and for Bangalore.\"Bangalore often becomes the only choice for candidates who have their origins in Kolkata , Bhubaneshwar, Lucknow etc. It's got great weather, its neutral, relatively more safe to live and work and it's cosmopolitan,''he says. India Inc is expected to hire around 35,000 \"home-coming'' Indians during fiscal 2013. Some 946 employers from 11 industry segments across six cities participated in the MyHiring Club study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634884", "title": "John Abraham takes shortcut for Vicky Donor", "text": "The promotional video for 'Vicky Donor' which was supposed to be shot over four days was shot in less than two days.After much hype that he won't be a part of his first production, John Abraham has finally shot for a promotional video for the film Vicky Donor . And being a producer over an actor, he ensured that the song was shot before time.John Abraham along with the lead actors of the film Ayushmann Khurrana, Yami Gautam and Anu Kapoor will be seen in a song called ' Rum Whiskey '. The song was recently shot in a Mumbai studio where it was supposed to be picturized over four days. But once the actors started shooting for the number, it didn't take as long as they thought it would.Credit it to the team's enthusiasm or the John Abraham trying to cut costs at the producer, but the team ended up shooting the song is less that two days. The actors, choreographer and other technicians did have to work a little overtime but the song was completed within 18 hours flat. Of course John Abraham went a step ahead to ensure that everyone was happy and everything went fine.Well turning producer can be a learning experience!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631523", "title": "CM to change rules to break nexus", "text": "MUMBAI: Errant contractors working with the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) could soon find the going tough after having got away scot-free for a year. In a bid to break the contractor-official-politician nexus, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced in the legislative council on Wednesday that the BMC would be directed to incorporate changes in rules involving contractor registration.Chavan was replying to a query during a debate on the contractor nexus during question hour.Kiran Pawaskar (Nationalist Congress Party-NCP) questioned the BMC's move to award a contract for construction of 15 pedestrian bridges to R P S Infraprojects, against whom action had been initiated for shoddy work.Bhaskar Jadhav, minister of state for urban development, said contracts had been awarded on a build-operate-transfer basis.He said Infraprojects was not registered with the civic body but it could participate in civic projects as it was registered with the state public works department (PWD).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634354", "title": "Is Dimple Kapadia Rishi's step sister?", "text": "This simple love story of two Bombay teenagers Raj and Bobby Braganza created history. The film also created two stars - Raj Kapoor's youngest son Rishi and Dimple Kapadia (seen in this picture clicked by lensman Jagdish Aurangabadkar on the sets of Bobby). But these were not the only things that one remembers of the 1973 blockbuster.Apart from setting the box office on fire, the film also added fuel to the gossip mills of the Hindi cinema industry. Despite the lack of any PR machinery, whispers of an off screen romance brewing between the two leading stars of the film, Dimple and Rishi, started making its way to the media. And what followed...was perhaps one of Bollywood's most scandalous rumours.Apparently, Raj Kapoor, who not only discovered Dimple but also gave her a break as the main protagonist in the film Bobby, was against the love blossoming between his son and her. And this paved way for a lot of speculations.The gossip mills started churning out stories of Dimple being the illegitimate child of Raj Kapoor and his rumoured love interest Nargis. People even went as far as calling Dimple, Rishi's step-sister. Eventually, the 16-year-old Dimple ended up marrying the superstar Rajesh Khanna by the time Bobbyhit the theatres. The actress, who got awards for her very first on screen performance, left the industry to raise her children, only to resurface after a separation with Khanna in the 1985 film Saagar. Rishi, on the other hand, tied the knot with his later co-star Neetu Singh . His, unlike Dimple's, was a happy marriage that is still going strong. And with this rumours of the childhood Bobbyromance died. What remained was just memories of perhaps India's most innocent film.Dimple and Rishi reunited in later years on screen, but nothing could match the pure romance of their first time on screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630169", "title": "Medical interns get three-fold stipend hike", "text": "MUMBAI: The state-wide protests by medical interns over their paltry stipend have finally paid off with the authorities granting a three-fold hike to be implemented from April.TOI has learnt that the finance department has accepted a proposal to raise the stipend of nearly 3,000 interns, studying in state-run and BMC-run colleges, to Rs 6,000. The interns get Rs 2550 as stipend, which is less when compared to most other states.\"The final draft has to be approved by the finance department before it can be implemented,\" said a source from the department of medical education. The source also said the finance department has asked for the GR draft as a special case. In May last year, the interns went on protests, including chain hunger strikes that lasted nine days, during which some also got arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12630390", "title": "Candidates claim they barely spent Rs 5L at polls", "text": "MARGAO: If the election expenditure figures submitted by candidates who contested the March general assembly are any indication, the 8 lakh ceiling stipulated by the Election Commission (EC) appears to be too high.For expenditure details submitted by the candidates to the election authorities reveal that they have barely crossed even 5 lakh. In South Goa, in fact, the candidates claim they didn't even spend 5 lakh. Take Joaquim Alemao for instance. Defeated by Cuncolim MLA Subhash 'Rajan' Naik, Alemao claimed that he incurred an expenditure of just 97,115. Naik, on the other hand, spent 2.25 lakh.In Navelim, Avertano Furtado who defeated Churchill Alemao , has matched his rival in terms of expenses. While Furtado disclosed that his expenditure totalled 3.66 lakh, Alemao's expenses are tagged at 3.65 lakh.Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, who trounced Aleixo Sequeira, incurred an expenditure of 3.35 lakh, while Sequeira said he spent 1.48 lakh.In Benaulim, Caetano D'Silva, who defeated Valanka Alemao, claimed to have spent nearly 3.29 lakh, while Valanka spent over 4.46 lakh. Chief minister Digambar Kamat incurred an expenditure of 3.37 lakh while Rupesh Mahatme of the BJP who challenged him in Margao spent 3.29 lakh.Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco claimed to have spent 4.83 lakh, while his rival independent candidate Domnic Gaonkar spent less than half that amount- 2.20 lakh. In Fatorda, Vijai Sardesai, submitted that his expenses totalled over 4.59 lakh, while his rival, ex-MLA, Damodar Naik, spent nearly 2.96 lakh.Velim MLA Benjamin Silva who trounced ex-MLA Filipe Neri Rodrigues claimed to have spent 2.74 lakh, while Rodrigues' spent nearly 2.96 lakh. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630128", "title": "First ever commuters\u2019 survey over new route", "text": "MUMBAI: Authorities have decided to conduct a 'willingness to pay' survey for the CST-Panvel high speed corridor that aims to provide connectivity from south Mumbai to the proposed Navi Mumbai international airport.The survey, which will cover over 5,000 commuters, will be the first of its kind in the city. Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has put the project on the fast track by asking the Rail India Technical and Economic Services (RITES) to submit an interim report on technical feasibility by June. PricewaterhouseCoopers will study the financial aspects and submit its report within three months. \"Train fares for the corridor will not be linked to suburban railway tickets decided by Indian Railways,\" an MRVC official said. \"The project requires huge investment for which an innovative model of funding is envisaged. It is better to gauge whether commuters may be willing to pay a certain fare for the service before plans are set rolling.\"MRVC is likely to rope in Cidco for sharing the project's cost. However, the agency is not keen to include the route in the operations run by either CR or WR as it aims to have financial and operational independence to make the project a long-term success. \"Only those commuters who travel on the existing suburban corridor connecting the two destinations will be surveyed. Fares to be quoted in the survey have not yet been decided, but they will be reasonable,\" an official said.MRVC is keen to develop the project on a public private partnership model by floating a special purpose vehicle. Under this prototype, the private player will undertake operations like running of services and collection of fare. However, the management control will remain with the MRVC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629927", "title": "Rain brings down maximum temperature", "text": "KANPUR: A brief spell of light rain along with thundershowers in various parts of the region gave respite to the denizens from scorching heat prevailing for the past few days. The rain also brought down the maximum temperature, while the cloud cover increased the minimum temperature by a couple of notched on Wednesday.As per the predictions of the meteorologists of Chandra Shekar Azad (CSA) University of Agriculture and Technology, there are maximum chances of another round of scattered rainfall on Thursday or Friday. This might lower the mercury to further extent before the long summer spell.The maximum temperature recorded on Wednesday was 34.6 degree Celsius, which was nearly four degrees less then that of Tuesday. While, the minimum temperature with an increased of few degrees recorded at 20.8 degree Celsius. The cloud cover also increased the humidity level in atmosphere. The humidity for morning hours on Tuesday was 84%, which reduced to 49% by the afternoon.\"The skies will remain cloudy even for one more day. Some parts of the city may witness dust storms and thunderstorms later as the day progresses. The maximum temperature is expected to hover around the 33 to 35 degrees Celsius mark, while the minimum temperature will rise due to cloud cover,\" said Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologist at CSA.He went on to add that the reason behind the rain was the development of low pressure area which was developed due to fast blowing winds and their changed directions. \"There is sufficient heat and moisture and thunderstorms could be expected at some places. But, the rain will be at isolated places till April 15,\" added Dubey.The agro-meteorologists of CSA also informed that such rain fall is beneficial for zaid crop while the standing wheat and maize may get adversely affected by the rain. According to the agricultural experts, farmers must conserve this rain water in their field to capture moisture in soil. \"This will help in irrigation and also provide water to the presently sown zaid crop,\" informed Anirudh Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629808", "title": "Quake-resistant buildings only precaution: Expert", "text": "KANPUR: At a time when two back-to-back earthquakes of intensity of 8.7 and 8.4 on the Richter scale hit South East Asian country Indonesia, light tremors were equally felt in northern parts of the country.Though the epicentre of this earthquake was thousands of kilometres away from the city, it has once again raised concern of earthquakes exerts and the people living in highrise buildings that are not earthquake resistant. Keeping in view the truth that this geological activity cannot be prevented except that its effects can be minimised and that Himalayan belt is highly prone to earthquakes, the fear of an earthquake hitting cities like Kanpur and Lucknow remains high.Prof Durgesh C Rai of civil engineering department at IIT-Kanpur and an earthquake analyst said cities like Kanpur, Lucknow and Gorakhpur were under constant threat of an earthquake up to a magnitude of 8 on the Richter scale. Thus, earthquake resistant buildings and houses should be constructed, he said.He termed it alarming that two earthquakes, both above 8 magnitude on the Richter scale, had hit Indonesia in a span of just seven years. He said in the past 100 years, four earthquakes of 8 magnitude and above have hit the world. \"The increase in the frequency of the earthquakes and their increasing magnitude has raised concern for mankind. It is to be studied why the frequency of earthquake occurrence has gone up. In India, the Himalayan belt is earthquake prone and we can expect more earthquakes to come. This is a real cause of worry,\" said Prof Rai while talking to TOI.Kanpur, Lucknow, Gorakhpur come under Seismic zone three and are vulnerable to such a calamity. It is important to highlight that the earthquakes are caused when the plates underneath the Earth collide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12638086", "title": "Varun Badola to return to TV with 'Phir Subah Hogi'", "text": "After a sabbatical of two years, Varun Badola is all set to return to television in the prominent role of rich Thakur Vikram Singh in the TV serial 'Phir Subah Hogi'. The serial will premiere on Zee TV on April 17.Madhya Pradesh forms the backdrop of the serial that intends to showcase a custom of daughters compelled into serving rich, powerful men that is still practised in the region. This is especially popular within the Bedia tribe.Varun Badola agreed to do the show because he liked the character he was offered to play. About his two-year sabbatical, Varun maintains that there was no offer that interested him enough to make him want to act. So what did Varun do in his free time? Well, cricket and family kept him busy and entertained. And now he looks forward to returning to what he does best!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12631146", "title": "Jnaneshwari Express driver yet to get over mishap trauma", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: It is now over two years since the tragic Jnaneshwari Express mishap took place, but the assistant driver of the goods train that accidentally collided with the derailed train near Jhargram on the Tatanagar-Howrah rail section, is struggling to come out of the mental trauma which he suffered after the mishap.Nirbhay Kumar, the 35-year-old assistant driver, who was on board when the locomotive that collided with the passenger train on the fateful night, was again admitted to the Tata Motors Hospital on Tuesday.The magnitude of the trauma could be gauged from the fact that Kumar kept repeatedly uttering \"stop the train...rescue the driver\"., when he was rushed to the hospital from the railway hospital, where he was initially admitted.\"He is passing through deep mental trauma for the last two years since the accident and we are still not sure as to when we will recover. We have urged the railway authorities to shift him from the running staff job and engage him in some clerical assignment,\" said Nirbhay's brother Kumar Pritam. Kumar's wife Sulochana Devi was not available for her comments.Following the Howrah-Kurla Lokmanya Tilak Jnaneshwari Superfast Deluxe Express mishap on the night of May 28, 2010, between Khemasoli and Sardiha stations, in which about 150 passengers were killed, Kumar was admitted to the Jamshedpur Railway Hospital after his mental condition worsened.Kumar's senior and the driver who was on the wheels of the goods train, Reranjan Singh, a resident of Kitadih, Baghbera, was killed in the mishap. Kumar was later shifted to Kolkata-based Garden Reach hospital for treatment and from there to Ranchi-based Central Institute of Psychiatry (CIP). \"After prolonged treatment , the doctors found him fit to join duty and (under observation) he was deployed at area railway manager's office on a clerical job on temporary basis recently,\" said a fellow driver.Maintaining anonymity, the driver also questioned the doctor's decision to allow Kumar to join duty. \"He can hardly drive his two-wheeler or identify any individual. I wonder how the doctors found him fit to join duty,\" he asked.Chakradharpur senior divisional commercial manager A K Haldar was not available for comments despite repeated calls. However, officials at the divisional railway manager office said the onus is on rail workers Union to pursue the case effectively.\"I am not in regular touch with Kumar's family. However, now that the matter has come to my notice I will look into it and extend all possible help on behalf of the Union,\" said All India Loco Running Staff Association president H N Singh. Kumar's three-year-old son have just started going to the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12628953", "title": "Ulfa doves say no to Delhi aid for farming purposes", "text": "GUWAHATI: Close on the heels of the second round of talks with the government in New Delhi, Ulfa's pro-talks faction has rejected a proposal by the Centre to help the group in its ambitious plan to take up farming on a big scale.The pro-talks group's rejection came after its agriculture plans appeared grounded with neither the Centre nor the state government willing to provide financial assistance. \"We have told the government that if at all the Centre comes up with some assistance, we will not accept it as part of the rehabilitation package. We have our plans for agriculture on track and we will carry them forward without the government's help,\" said a top leader of the pro-talks group after returning from New Delhi on Wednesday.It was on the pro-talks faction's proposal to take to farming, including rice production and fisheries, through a planned programme that the ministry of home affairs had asked the agriculture ministry to provide all assistance. The agriculture ministry, subsequently, put the onus of providing assistance on the state government.Recently, state agriculture minister Nilamoni Sen Deka received a letter from Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , asking the state agriculture department to provide help to the pro-talks Ulfa rebels. \"There was no mention about funds - neither by the ministry of home affairs nor the agriculture ministry. The state government thinks it won't be possible to give the aid without Centre's help,\" a source said.However, the state government had invited the pro-talks group for discussion after receiving Pawar's letter. The group's foreign secretary, Sasadhar Choudhury, met the government representatives. \"Our foreign secretary told the state government that it does not want any kind of help from it for agriculture purposes. He also made it clear that the group does not want the agriculture aspect to be part of the rehabilitation package, which the government could provide at a later stage,\" the source added.Ulfa, one of the biggest militant outfits of the region after NSCN and United National Liberation Front (UNLF) of Manipur, has witnessed two major surrenders. On both occasions, the rehabilitation from the government was first in terms of soft bank loans with government as the guarantor, which was later changed to stipend and bank loans to start a new life. The NSCN, which is also in peace process, has doled out a rehabilitation package, which includes mainly contract works. This is the first instance that an outfit wants to take up farming after setting laying down weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630810", "title": "No violation of building bye laws, says chief minister", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda told the Karnataka High Court he had not violated any building bye laws and the construction at the site in HSR Layout is as per the plan sanctioned by the BBMP. The chief minister described petitioner KG Nagalaxmi Bai, who has filed a PIL, a 'meddlesome interloper' set up by political parties to scuttle his opportunity to become the CM. The PIL was filed just after Gowda succeeded BS Yeddyurappa last August.He denied the allegation of amalgamation of his site with an adjoining site owned by party legislator DN Jeevaraj. He stated that he has necessary BBMP permission to use 20% of total area for commercial use as per zoning regulations. He claimed that the then CM had recommended allotment of a site in August 2006 as he was in need of a permanent residence in Bangalore. He said his building consists of a basement, ground, and three floors plus a terrace floor as per the modified plan approved by the BBMP on October 10, 2011 as against the original plan of ground plus two floors as sanctioned three months earlier.BBMP, in its statement, said that the modified plan was approved in October 2011. It also said it can check violations, if any, in construction or use of building, at the time of granting completion certificate as the building is under construction. The BDA said the site was allotted at HSR Layout Sector-3 in February 2007 and there is no violation of norms and the application for amalgamation of sites was rejected in September 2009 itself and change in land use was not permitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630856", "title": "Panel to reunite estranged mothers, children", "text": "BHOPAL: Now the women inmates of the Bhopal Central Jail have a reason to rejoice for they would soon be able to meet with their estranged children, thanks to the State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR).Newly appointed chairman of SCPCR Usha Chaturvedi who joined office on Monday said, \"During inspection of Central Jail on Wednesday, we came across many women inmates who rued that they had not seen their children for as many as five years in a row and had no knowledge of their whereabouts, whether they were going to school or how they were being looked after by their family members. It was indeed pitiable.\"\"There were around 12 such women who have not met their children for more than 2-3 years. We have collected their names and addresses. Now we will write to the concerned Collectors to find out the status of the children after which we would make them meet their mothers. Keeping the child away from the mother was also a child right's violation,\" Chaturvedi said.\"Earlier it was decided that Children's Day would be appropriate to let the mothers meet their children, but it was changed as November month was too far. The commission then decided that this would be taken with immediate effect,\" said RH Lata, a member.Besides, Bhopal Central Jail, the commission also visited the Juvenile home for boys, Jehangirabad where they spoke to around 21 children. \"Many were charged with petty crimes like stealing mobile phones. But there was definitely scope for corrective measures among children,\" added Chaturvedi.She also said that most children who were there in the juvenile home either belonged to a broken home or had never known their mothers since birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12630212", "title": "Police gear up for PM's Manesar visit", "text": "GURGAON: Police have begun security exercises in IMT Manesar ahead of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to the industrial area on Friday for the inauguration of the newly built facility of the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA). Singh will arrive in his official chopper.According to senior police officers, over 1,000 cops will man the area on the day of the PM's visit. Secured checkpoints will be built on 10 strategically identified points to ensure 'foolproof VVIP security.'\"No one will be allowed to enter the venue without a valid pass . Even the officers on duty will need to have duty passes displayed properly,\" said an official. Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda, Governor Jagannath Pahariya, and Union corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily will be accompanying the PM.\"The road entering IMT Manesar from IMT Chowk on NH-8 will remain closed for all types of vehicles from 1pm to 5pm on Friday. Those who want to go to IMT Manesar can take the alternative route passing from the Manesar police station,\" said Bharti Arora, DCP (Traffic). NH-8 will remain shut for heavy vehicles from 1pm to 8pm on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12631028", "title": "City civic body set to expand jurisdiction", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The jurisdiction of the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) is all set to expand. The civic body has decided to include 17 new revenue villages in its fold.Currently, the city has 60 wards consisting of 46 revenue villages with a population of around 8.37 lakh. The BMC area is spread over 135 sqkm.The prime objective of expanding the BMC jurisdiction is to cross the one million-population tag, which, if achieved, can fetch more Central aid for different projects.\"Population of a city plays an important role in getting financial assistance from Centre. If the population of Bhubaneswar exceeds 10 lakh, the city would be entitled to get more funds,\" BMC commissioner Vishal Dev told TOI.The 2011 Census figures belied the public perception that Bhubaneswar had a 10 lakh plus population. Earlier, various unofficial projections pegged it at over 12 lakh. However, the latest figure came as a setback to the city's dream of achieving the Million Plus tag.The city added 1.90 lakh people in the last 10 years when the state's population increased from 3.68 crore in 2001 to 4.19 crore. The city's population was 6.47 lakh in 2001.Apart from attracting more central aid, the step would help BMC urbanize the city outskirts that have grown by leaps and bounds over the past few years. \"We need to regulate the unplanned and chaotic development outside the BMC area. If we include those areas now we can control it at an initial stage,\" Dev said.Notably, prior to the release of the 2011 Census report, the BMC council had already passed a resolution to add five revenue villages -Subudhipur, Bhagabanpur, Patrapada, Shankarpur and Paikarapur - in its fold. The five villages come under Patrapada, Paikarapur and Tamando gram panchayats.\"We will soon finalize the list of the 12 other revenue villages and send the proposal to government for approval,\" another BMC officer said. Sources said the BMC had in August 2009 taken an initiative to include the three gram panchayats in its fold. However, the housing and urban development department asked the civic body to include all the 28 villages under the gram panchayats. BMC had then backtracked due to some technical difficulty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12637961", "title": "Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi music launch on April 19", "text": "Kannada superstar Upendra's forthcoming film Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi's music release will be on April 19. A grand event will be held at Gayathri Vihar Hall.Directed by Suresh Krishna, Katari Veera Sura Sundarangi is a fantasy film. Its music has been composed by Harikrishnahas. Upendra and Bollywood actress Naina Kher currently shot a song in Jordon.The movie is expected to release on April 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12628946", "title": "Government seeks presidential reference in 2G case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Tuesday decided to make a presidential reference to the Supreme Court, asking it to clarify it whether its judgment in the 2G case makes auctioning of natural resources across all sectors mandatory under all circumstances.In addition, the government is seeking the court's opinion on whether licences granted since 1994 would also be affected because of the order related to the 2007 award when the first-come-first-served (FCFS) policy was followed. Through the reference, the government seeks to know if it would have to withdraw spectrum allocated to the existing licences or charge retrospectively for it. A ruling on the issue can have major implications for all cellphone operators.However, the reference has no quarrel with the SC order cancelling the 122 2G licences, which were allocated by the jailed former telecom minister A Raja allegedly for considerations and as part of a mega spectrum scam.Beyond the specifics, the reference issues the larger debate of can a SC order deprive a duly elected government its executive authority to take decisions. The reference that was cleared by the Union Cabinet on Tuesday evening also makes the point, although couched as a query, that all decisions cannot be exclusively geared for the pursuit of revenue, as there may be situations where the executive may be required to look after the needs of special regions.It also underlines the need for a government to have ties with other countries, to honour treaties already concluded and to attract investments.The attempt to get the apex court to factor in the need for investments, reflects government's worry that the SC order has caused uncertainty about government's ability to ensure the implementation of policies investors base their decisions on. Once a court ruling strikes down a policy, protection of investment is something that the government is grappling with. Global players such as Telenor and Sistema , which have been affected by the 2G ruling, have claimed about Rs 30,000 crore in damages from the government.The Presidential Reference, which has been discussed earlier too, was approved by the Union Cabinet as the government believes that the court's observation can have implications for several other sectors - ranging from coal and mining to banks and mutual funds. While the government has already initiated steps to move to an auction-linked mechanism for several resources, in the financial sector, regulators have either been following the FCFS principle or using \"fit and proper\" criteria to issue licences.While cancelling 122 licences issued by jailed telecom minister A Raja using the FCFS principle, the Supreme Court had said the government should opt for auctions as it did not provide undue benefit to any entity.\"The Cabinet cleared all questions for which we are seeking presidential reference under advisory jurisdiction,\" telecom minister Kapil Sibal told reporters after the meeting.The move comes even as the Supreme Court is due to hear one part of the review petition filed by the government, which deals with clarifications related to the direction for auctioning spectrum and licences afresh. Last week, the apex court had rejected 10 other petitions filed by telecom companies seeking review of its February order. The reference is proposed to be made under Article 143 of the Constitution, which will make the court look at the issue in detail. The Supreme Court is, however, not bound to answer all references. The last time the government had resorted to the use of Presidential Reference was in a water dispute between Haryana and Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634580", "title": "'Actor Rahman is an intense performer'", "text": "Actor Rahman moves with the times, no doubt. He won't shy away from experimenting with a variety of roles either.The chocolate hero, who captivated the Malayali audience with his boyish looks and featured mainly in romantic movies, is out to prove his versatility as an actor. His role in the movie Manjadikuru, directed by Anjali Menon, is proof enough. \"Rahman has a meaty role in the movie and the actor has delivered a superb performance. His role is something to watch out for. It is a character that he has not attempted on celluloid before. He has projected himself as an intense performer,\" says Anjali. The movie is set for a May release. So, let's wait and watch!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12630153", "title": "Lowest, highest spenders from North", "text": "PANAJI: In North Goa, the 23 constituencies saw candidates of the Congress-NCP's alliance spend much more than their BJP-MGP-independent candidates' alliance. While the former alliance's candidates spent a total of 8.30 crore, the latter group's candidates spent 6.61 crore. The lowest amount, incidentally across both districts, was spent by United Goans Democratic Party's candidate in Pernem, Santosh Mandrekar- 1,760-while Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar spent the highest amount- 5, 33,069. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar spent 2, 31,836 to win the assembly seat from Panaji constituency.BJP-MGP-Independent alliance candidate expenditure as follows: Mandrem, Laxmikant Parsekar: Rs 2, 28,680, Pernem, Rajendra Arlekar: Rs 3,69,321, Bicholim, Manohar Shirodkar: Rs 3,13,523, Tivim, Kiran Kandolkar: Rs 2,97,445, Mapusa, Francis D' Souza: Rs 2,82,766, Siolim: Dayanand Mandrekar: Rs 2,45,540, Saligao, Dilip Parulekar:Rs 2,74,458, Calangute, Michael Lobo: Rs 4,04,596, Porvorim, Govind Parvatkar: Rs 4,24,247, Aldona, Glenn Ticlo: Rs 1,99,329, Taleigao, Dattaprasad Naik: Rs 2,10,979, Santa Cruz , Dinar Tarcar: Rs 5,14,310, St Andre, Vishnu Surya Wagh: Rs 2,13,589, Cumbarhua, Nirmala Sawant: Rs 2,09,305, Mayem, Anant Shet: Rs 3,71,620, Sanquelim, Pramod Sawant: Rs 2,39,667, Poreim, Vishwajit Krishnarao Rane: Rs 2, 91,493, Valpoi, Satyavijay Naik: Rs 2,03,781, Priol, Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavlikar: Rs 2,25,523, Ponda, Lavoo Mamledar: Rs 2,31,356, Shiroda, Mahadev Naik: Rs 3, 86,492, Marcaim, Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavlikar: 2,43,153.Congress-NCP alliance candidates expenditure as follows: Mandrem, Dayanand Sopte: Rs 3,28,428, Pernem, Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar: Rs 3,66,276, Bicholim, Rajesh Patnekar: Rs 3,13,994, Tivim, Nilkant Halarnkar: Rs 4,70,277, Mapusa, Ashish Shirodkar: Rs 4,39,820, Siolim: Uday Palienkar : Rs 4,45,852, Saligao, Suresh Parulekar: Rs 2,92,917, Calangute, Agnelo Fernandes: Rs 4,83,750, Porvorim, Fermeena Khaute: Rs 2,63,249, Aldona, Dayanand Narvekar: Rs 2,32,967, Panaji, Yatin Parekh: Rs 4,15,590, Taleigao, Jennifer Monserrate: Rs 2,90,939, Santa Cruz, Atanasio Monserrate: Rs 3,34,007, St Andre, Francis Silveira: Rs 2,36,764, Cumbarhua, Pandurang Madkaikar: Rs 5,21,348, Mayem, Rudresh Chodankar: Rs 3,34,183, Sanquelim, Pratap Gawas: Rs 4,90,019, Poreim, Pratapsingh Rane: Rs 1, 69,175, Valpoi, Vishwajit Rane: Rs 3,34,099, Priol, Dhaku Madkaikar: Rs 2,58,972, Ponda, Ravi Naik: Rs 3,04,775, Shiroda, Subhash Shirodkar: Rs 5,33,069, Marcaim, Ritesh Naik: 4,45,655.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "12630431", "title": "State govt machinery didn't wait", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: The Goa government mobilized both district collectors, deputy collectors, Mamlatdar and the police force to alert people along the coastline not to venture near the sea.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the media that the government had advised officials to go to the coastline and advise tourists, fishermen and others not to venture into the sea and to vacate the beaches. Parrikar said he had even advised the officials to use loudspeakers on beaches to alert tourists of the possibility of a tsunami till the warning was put off.North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan said his officials and also police had moved to the coastline to warn people even though there was no official warning that a tsunami will hit Goa. \"We told tourists and fishermen to move away from the sea. It was just a precaution,\" Vardhan said.The South Goa collectorate has issued instructions to the coastal police not to allow any fisherfolk or fishing vessels to venture into the seas in view of the tsunami alert.Besides, people residing in the coastal areas and tourists have been told to keep off the beaches in view of the possibility of the sudden surge in sea water levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631647", "title": "Team, funds for facilities can keep footpaths free: Citizens' group", "text": "PUNE: A department for non-motorized transport (NMT) which focuses on facilities for walking and cycling, a separate budget, and a provision that road contractors should carry out maintenance and repair works of the footpaths, will help improve the condition of pavements in the city, a citizens' group has said.Pedestrians' First has urged the state government to issue such directives to the Pune Municipal Corporation. The urban development department's directive to the civic body to repair all footpaths, clear encroachments and make them walkable are a step in the right direction, Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First said.\"Providing safe, usable and well-maintained facilities for pedestrians is a continuing process. However, at present, PMC does not have a suitable system or a setup to solve problems. The NMT department should have a senior official, with a dedicated team of engineers and staff,\" he said.In a letter to T C Benjamin, principal secretary of the state urban development department, Inamdar said that NMT (walking and cycling) means much to the city and its citizens. \"The PMC should have a well- devised policy to safeguard interests of pedestrians in terms of safety, convenience and comfort. This should include consideration for pedestrians while deciding road infrastructure projects and traffic plans,\" he said.The design, construction and maintenance of hundreds of km of footpath and cycle tracks spread all over the city is a mammoth task, the group said. At present, lack of a dedicated staff is seriously affecting the quality, uniformity, consistency and timely execution of NMT work, he said.With inadequate budgetary provision, and non-availability of contractors, small works about repairs and maintenance of footpaths and zebra crossings cannot be undertaken speedily, he added.\"The practice of annual maintenance contract should be adopted for repairs and maintenance of NMT facilities. There should be a number of contractors to take up work in different areas as per the need,\" he said.The group has pointed out that there should be a dedicated patrolling team to ensure safe, obstacle-free and usable passage for pedestrians and cyclists. The team should report problems to respective departments - maintenance, anti-encroachment. The anti-encroachment team, he said, should work up to 10 pm as many encroachments appear late in the evening.Before planning any traffic scheme or road infrastructure project such as flyovers, subways or foot overbridges, the civic body should undertake proper scientific studies and surveys to assess the impact on the project on vulnerable road users such as pedestrians, cyclists, bus commuters, school children and senior citizens.The details of the proposed road plans or projects should be widely publicized for seeking suggestions and comments from citizens. Based on the feedback from citizens, the proposed road infrastructure plan or project should be modified or even scrapped if necessary.\"This will avoid wastage of public money and ensure that the proposed plan is of practical use for vulnerable road users like pedestrians and cyclists,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12635677", "title": "Viren and Jeevika are inseparable", "text": "Everyone is aware about the steaming chemistry between the reel life couple Viren and Jeevia from Ek Hazaaron Main Meri Behna Hain.Where there is a huge fan following of girls for the charming actor Karan Tackker, the lead lady Kryastal is not far behind but now the fondness is not limited to just fans. The members of the STAR Parivaar have also developed a huge liking for the duos chemistry.Recently while shooting for STAR Parivaar Ka Tyohar, Viren and Jeevika became center of attraction. The handsome on screen couple who claim are just friends were just not ready to leave each other's company during the shoot.While most of the STAR Parivaar members were very happy indulging in common chit chat the duo was busy having a gala time among them. The actors were so occupied in their conversation that they didn't realize that they had completely forgotten that it was time for their performance. In fact their fondness for each other was so evident that in spite of the Parivaar members pulling their leg the heart throb, Viren aka Karan Tacker and the pretty lady Jeevika aka Kryastal didn't let go of each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629363", "title": "Delhiites enjoy respite from heat, temperature to rise from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Till Monday, Delhiites had been expecting the maximum temperature to touch 40 degrees as the city sizzled under extreme heat. On Wednesday, morning rain and strong winds kept the temperature comfortable through the day causing people to step out after office hours. However, the honeymoon period is short-lived as Met officials have predicted an increase in temperatures from Thursday.Several parts of the city recorded moderate to heavy showers in the morning that brought down the day's maximum temperature to a comfortable 30.3 degrees Celsius (five degrees below normal), a fall of 7.5 degrees since Tuesday afternoon. Due to the morning cloud cover, the minimum temperature did not drop much and settled at 21.1 degrees Celsius.The city recorded 5.6 mm of rainfall in 24 hours till 8.30am. The next 12 hours saw an additional 0.3mm. Other areas that recorded significant rainfall after 8.30am were Narela with 3mm, Najafgarh with 2mm and Ayanagar, Delhi University and Pusa with 1mm each.\"A western disturbance over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu &amp; Kashmir contributed indirectly to the weather by changing the wind direction to easterly that brought in moisture over northwest India. More importantly, the extreme heat experienced in the past few days led to a strong circulation of winds and local convection which resulted in the subsequent thundershowers. The change in weather activity started on Tuesday evening and continued till Wednesday,\" said a Met official.Similar weather prevailed over large parts of northwest India. The minimum temperature fell by 3-7 degrees over many parts of Himachal Pradesh , Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Punjab, Haryana and south Rajasthan as several areas recorded rain accompanied by thunderstorms.Met officials said that the influence of the western disturbance would remain for another two-three days. \"Rain and thundershowers can be expected over the western Himalayan region, Haryana, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Rajasthan for another day after which the rain activity will decrease. Thundersqualls with speeds between 55 and 65 kmph can be expected till then over Haryana, Delhi and UP,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12629868", "title": "No fear of tsunami in India, say experts", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is no fear of tsunami hitting the east coast of India following the massive earthquake off the coast of Indonesia's Aceh province, according to the Indian Tsunami Early Warning Centre (ITEWC) at the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (Incois) in Hyderabad.T Srinivas Kumar, head of the ITEWC, told TOI on Wednesday evening that based on observations and model simulations, there was no threat of a tsunami in India. \"There is no threat to the east coast. We will, however, be constantly monitoring the developments,\" he said.Incois recorded the 8.5 magnitude earthquake off the west coast of northern Sumatra at 2.08 pm (IST) with a depth of 10 km at 2.4 N latitude and 93.07 E longitude. Incois has described the earthquake as 'great'. It recorded the earthquake within six minutes eight seconds of it occurring off the west coast of north Sumatra.\"Earthquakes of this size sometimes have the potential to generate tsunamis. But so far there is no confirmation about any triggering of a tsunami. The centre will monitor sea level gauges near the epicentre and report if any tsunami wave activity has occurred,\" Incois said.By the time it issued its third bulletin, the centre put out three places in the Andaman and Nicobar islands as being under the 'alert' category and several other places under the 'watch' category.The centre subsequently issued more bulletins but its fourth bulletin issued at 5.33 pm put the magnitude at 8.2 magnitude.In its fourth bulletin, the centre put the 'threat status' as 'warning' for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The 'warning' was for the Indira point in Great and Little Nicobar Island, Komatra and Katchal island and North Sentinel island, Flat island, Car Nicobar and Little Andaman.For as many as six places in coastal Andhra Pradesh, the threat status was put as 'alert' which resulted in the state government machinery gearing up for a possible tsunami. The places included Sriharikota in Nellore, Machilipatnam in Krishna, Kottapatnam region in Prakasam, Kakinada in East Godavari, Visakhapatnam, and Koyyam in Srikakulam district. The `alert' was also for Panaji in Goa, Thiruvananthapuram and Alleppy in Kerala, Cuddalore, Mahabalipuram, Nagapattinam, Chennai and Koodankulam in Tamil Nadu. Some other places were also put in the 'watch' category.The National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) here has also been monitoring the seismic activity. The head of the seismic observatory, D Srinagesh, told TOI that the centre had recorded the 'giant' earthquake as being of 8.6 magnitude. Another earthquake, perhaps an aftershock of the magnitude of 8.2 was also recorded at 4.13 pm, while the first one of the 8.6 magnitude was recorded at 2.08 pm.It may be mentioned here that the Tsunami Early Warning Centre under Incois, an autonomous body under the Union ministry of earth sciences, was set up in Hyderabad in October 2007. The decision to establish the TEWC was taken in the aftermath of the 2004 tsunami that hit the coasts of India and other Indian Ocean nations. The centre has real-time network of seismic stations, Bottom Pressure Recorders and tide gauges to detect tsunami-genic earthquakes and to monitor tsunamis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12631210", "title": "Lohardaga police foil robbery attempt", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Acting on a tip-off, Lohardaga police foiled a petrol pump robbery attempt and arrested two criminals in this connection. Led by officer-in-charge Sunil Kumar Tiwari, police launched a raid at Bijupara in Ranchi and held the duo. They confessed to the crime and was sent to the judicial custody on Wednesday.SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said the criminals were identified as Maksood Rocky and Bigla Ansari alias Karim Ansari. Bigla hails from Gumla and was wanted in several cases of dacoity, rape, murder. He works in close contact with criminals from Chhattisgarh and heads a gang of 20 to 25 crooks, said Singh.He said that Bigla has been jailed by Lohardaga police on earlier instances. He is a dreaded criminal and has spent more than four years in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12630495", "title": "Central team sees vast potential in Azhikkal port", "text": "KANNUR: The proposal of the state government to develop Azhikkal as a major port seems to have many takers in the Centre. While the state government has already floated fresh tenders to develop the port under public-private partnership, a technical team constituted by the Centre visited the port on Wednesday. The team examined the feasibility of converting the state government's proposal to build a port into a major greenfield port-cum-ship building centre.The team comprises B Poiyaamozhi, development advisor (ports), ministry of shipping, D S R Satyaprakash, senior hydrographic surveyer, Minor Port Survey Organization (MPSO), and G P Rai, chief engineer, Cochin Port Trust. They will prepare a detailed report on the port based on its technical and business possibilities in three months.\"The Centre has suggested the study after getting a proposal from the state government to develop Azhikkal as a major port. We visited the place to explore the possibility of developing the same, as part of the Centre's plan to develop a major port or a shipyard or both by 2020,\" said Poiyaamozhi after meeting at the collectorate here. The team will study the updated navigational charts of the proposed site, prepare a revenue sketch, and also identify the backup area to be handed over to the port developer.\"When developing a port, we also have to do studies of land required, problems of human displacement, environmental impact, erosion, siltation, sedimentation, among other issues,\" said a senior official. They will also study the issues of rail and road connectivity to the port.The department of ports decided to extend the date for submission of tender from March 30 to May 15, because of the hope that some potential investors would come up to develop it in BOT model, said the official. \"If a major developer comes forward with sufficient investment, Azhikkal can be developed as one of the best ports in the country,\" he said.The development work of the port, which can act as a potential feeder port to Vallarpadom International Transhipment Terminal, Cochin Port, and Vizhinjam International Seaport, is based on the feasibility report prepared by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India Pvt. Ltd in December 2009, which was redrafted considering the present situation and possibilities.Though a company named Mundra Port and SEZ had earlier won the bid, it later backed out. If Azhikkal is developed as a major port that caters to the entire country, there is immense possibility to generate business.\"It is meaningless to argue that the existing business and industry in the region is not sufficient enough to develop a major port,\" said another official. According to him once the port is developed, it will naturally bring business.Also, the governments should promote coastal shipping development in the country and give carbon credit to waterway transportation because it is the most environmental friendly mode of transportation.Azhikkode MLA K M Shaji who accompanied the team said that once the port becomes a reality, it is will boost the timber and textile industry in the region.Hari A Warrier, deputy director of ports, M Sudheer Kumar, senior port conservator at the Azhikkal port, representative of the industry in Kannur accompanied the technical team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630566", "title": "22-year-old man slips off terrace, plunges to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old man, Ilangovan, slipped off the terrace of a building at Teynampet and plunged to his death, police said. Police said Ilangovan was a habitual drinker. On Tuesday night, he went to the terrace to have alcohol.As he didn't return to the room, his roommates started searching for him and found him dead. Ilangovan worked at a private company in the city. The Teynampet police sent his body to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital (KMCH) for autopsy. They have registered a case under Section 174 (unnatural death) of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and further investigations are on. \"There is no suspicion in his death,\" Teynampet inspector S Ravi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12630455", "title": "Punjab National Bank to open 11 new branches in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: Public sector lender Punjab National Bank (PNB) is expanding its branch network in Kerala by opening 11 new branches, said K V Rajesh, deputy general manager and circle head, PNB, on Wednesday.The bank presently has 290 outlets in Kerala with 141 branches and 149 ATMs. Business mopped up by the bank from the state is nearing the Rs 10,000-crore mark, Rajesh said. New branches will be opened in Aroor, Maradu, Piravom, Karunagapally, Eerattupetta, Kothanelloor, Vaikom, Attingal, Varkala, Vizhinjam and Wadakkancherry. All the branches will come with ATM facilities, Rajesh said. To speed up access to gold loans, the bank is installing automated machines for appraising gold quality. The cash deposit machines installed by the bank at its branches has been well received by customers, Rajesh said.Following the Kerala government's recent order to disburse salaries of state government employees through public sector banks, PNB has launched a special scheme which has helped employees to open a good number of salary accounts. \"There has also been good response to the scheme launched by PNB for nurses of private hospitals. We have also launched exclusive salary schemes for police, defence and fire force personnel,\" Rajesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629530", "title": "Legal relief for radiologists may be temporary", "text": "NAGPUR: The radiologists of the region sounded victorious on Tuesday as the case that they had filed against the city's civic body was disposed of by the court. They were fighting against an order by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) that restricted them from serving at more than three hospitals.The order passed by NMC was part of the suggestions made by the central advisory board that regulates provisions of Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostics Techniques (PCPNDT) Act. The body had suggested in January that the number of places that a radiologist can visit be restricted to two and an increase in the registration fee of their machines. Later, the high court restricted the use of portable ultrasound machines throughout the state.All these moves were made by the authorities as they linked the sex determination of foetuses and the skewed sex ratio with the easy availability of the sonography. Radiologists, however, feel that this link is illogical and say that the absence of their services affect the critically ill patients badly, too.\"NMC had sent us notices that we could only provide our services only at three centres. This was like infringing on our fundamental right of practising our profession the way we want. That is what made us go to the court against this order,\" said Dr Kajal Mitra, president of Vidarbha Indian Radiological and Imaging Association (IRIA), the organization that had filed the case.Dr Kishor Taori, past president of IRIA and professor and head of radio-diagnosis at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), said it was good that NMC officials took back the order which would have created a problem in the city. \"The number of registered radiologists in the city is only 100, of which only 75 are practising. Had this order been acted upon, only 225 hospitals in the city would have been able to have the services of a radiologist. The number of hospitals in the city is more than 600. What would the other hospitals do,\" he asked.Talking about the case, Dr Mitra said, \"No representative of NMC came to the court for the first hearing at all. In the second hearing, they withdrew the order unconditionally.\"Nodal officer of PCPNDT of NMC Dr Bhawana Sonkusare said that instructions to pass the order had come from the state. \"We had got the instructions to pass such an order from the Pune office. Since the instruction came in a meeting, there was no written documentation about it. Pursuing the case would have been futile in the absence of documentation,\" she said. She added that if and when there is a written communication from the state's side, the order would be revoked by NMC. \"We also know that only a very small percentage of doctors indulge in malpractices like sex determination. However, there is a need to have strict laws in place to curb even those few,\" said Dr Sonkusare.Though this small battle has been won by the radiologists, there is another bigger concern they have. In July last year, the municipal authorities at Dahisar in Mumbai had restricted the movement of ultrasound machines saying it made it difficult to track its usage. The IRIA had moved the court over this issue. In November, the Bombay high court upheld this restriction. The medical fraternity is unhappy with this as they say it severely affects several critically ill patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629611", "title": "Work on Durgawati project to resume soon", "text": "PATNA: The state water resources department will undertake the remaining work on Durgawati Reservoir Project in Rohtas district in the later part of this month with an on-the-spot inspection of the site by the principal secretary, water resources, and the senior engineers of the department on April 18.Water resources minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary on Wednesday issued direction in this regard at a high-level meeting. Chaudhary directed fortnightly monitoring of the work to ensure quality with an objective to complete this project in two years. After its completion, the project would facilitate irrigation on 33,467 hectares of land in Kaimur and Rohtas districts.This project was in limbo for more than three decades after laying of its foundation by the then Union agriculture minister, Jagjivan Ram, in 1975, as it ran at snail's pace for want of fund and by 2004-05 the Central government had directed the closure of the project stating that first the provisions of the Forest Conservation Act had to be complied with.It was only after environment clearance by the Union ministry of environment and forest last year that the state government set in motion the modalities to resume work on the project.The high-level meeting was attended by engineer-in-chief Devi Rajak, chief engineer, planning and monitoring, Harinarayan, chief engineer, Dehri, Om Prakash Ambarkar, superintending engineer (SE) of Durgawati Reservoir Project, Vimalesh Kumar Jha, other engineers and contractors involved in the project.Chaudhary directed the engineers and contractors concerned to maintain continuity in the project work. He made it clear that the government would not tolerate any lapse in the work and added that the government would ensure that the contractors did not face any problems at the site.He directed the chief engineer, Dehri, and the SE, Durgawati circle, to inform the WRD about the progress of work every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630773", "title": "Vehicle thief caught", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A youth who had stolen atleast two scooters from different parts of the city was apprehended by the city crime branch on Wednesday afternoon. Crime branch officials said that the accused, Harshad Vaghela alias Ajuba, was arrested on the basis of a tip-off.Vaghela was caught riding a stolen scooter from Viratnagar crossroads. When the crime branch officials detained and questioned Vaghela, a resident of a chawl in Behrampura, he confessed to have stolen the scooter with a duplicate key earlier this month. The scooter was parked near Chandranagar garden in Vejalpur.Further interrogation of the accused revealed that he had lifted another scooter from in front of the VS Hospita earlier. Vaghela also revealed that he had hidden the stolen scooter near a sewage farm in Vasna. The second stolen vehicle was also recovered.\"Vaghela had been arrested four months earlier too in connection with theft of a bike,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12630171", "title": "Hospital MD in dock for brawl with cop", "text": "GURGAON: A case was registered at the Sadar police station against the MD and other officials of Park Hospital on Wednesday. Earlier in the day, the accused, who were in a BMW car, got into a brawl with a traffic cop after allegedly jumping a red light.Following the inauguration of Park Hospital, the MD and others were going in their BMW and were stopped by ASI Samsher Singh for jumping the red light. They fought and misbehaved with Singh and also beat him up, according to the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630124", "title": "\u2018Rejig 2nd, 3rd Metro lines for seamless commute\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A citizens' group in Juhu has presented an alternative plan for second and third Metro lines by suggesting a single route from Colaba to Charkop.Architect Nitin Killawala designed the new route and presented it to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), on behalf of the Juhu Vile Parle Development (JVPD) residents' association, on Wednesday. Objections and suggestions came up during a public hearing for the third Metro line. \"Instead of having a second Metro line (Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd) and the third one (Colaba-Bandra-SEEPZ) there could be seamless travel between south Mumbai and Charkop with an extension to Mankhurd at a later stage,\" Killawala said.During the hearing, project-affected people along the Metro stations ask for in situ rehabilitation. However, environment activist Rishi Agarwal objected to the construction of a Metro yard at Aarey Colony.Transport activist Sudhir Badami said sustainable transport was possible if the bus rapid transit system (BRTS) was implemented.Sahar Citizens' Forum (SCF) raised several issues at the meeting. \"We wanted to know what measures were being taken to counter the threat due to sesmic faultlines that passes through Mumbai,\" said former corporator and SCF member Nicholas Almeida.The citizens' group objected to the manner in which commercial rights at three stations on the Metro line would be given to the Mumbai International Airport Limited (MIAL).Activist Anil Galgali asked why the project was not given 'national status' in spite of its importance to the region. Some residents suggested that commercializing the space on top of underground stations could reduce the project's cost. \"Nearly five million cubic metres of earth and rock will be excavated for the third Metro line,\"additional MMRDA commissioner, S Srinivas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12630609", "title": "Have you seen this fake cop?", "text": "PANAJI: The police have released the sketch of a person accused of impersonating a policeman and robbing gold jewellery.On March 30, the Panaji police received a complaint from Nirmala Koli, 59, stating that at 8.45am three persons, aged between 30-35 years, approached her at Caranzalem claiming to be policemen and told her to remove her jewellery worth about 90,000. They then wrapped it in paper and put it in her bag. She later found that it was missing.During investigations, the Panaji police learnt that a similar offence had been registered at the Margao police station and a sketch of the accused had been drawn. The same sketch was shown to Koli and she identified him. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631664", "title": "Defence Services Officers Institute gets a makeover", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Defence fraternity of Tricity is all to enjoy new facilities at their only club---Defence Services Officers Institute (DSOI) in Sector 36, which is ready after a complete makeover with arrays of facilities including new food court offering a la carte menu and much more.It is perhaps for the first time since its inception that the club has gone in for such drastic changes in facilities. As per the available information, the multi-specialty restaurant would provide variety of food. As of now limited variety of edible items were available at the club but now visitors would get Chinese, continental or any food of their choice at specialized restaurants.The card room, which was on the upper floor, has been shifted to the ground floor and the new gymnasium would also be getting more equipment and facilities for workouts.As the institute could not make any changes in its original structure, the new facilities of card room and gymnasium have been created by using fibre structures.Comprehensive renovation, addition and upgradation of the institute has been done within a period of four months.When contacted, spokesperson of Western Command refused to divulge details about the upgradation and said that the facilities would be available to members after Army commander, Western Command, Lt Gen S R Ghosh would formally open it next week.Institute is directly managed by the Western Command with the help of elected officer-bearers. The post of chairman is held by a serving Major General rank officer of artillery regiments from Western Command headquarters, while Brigadier (retd) M S Dullat is the vice-chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "vnoida", "code": "12629420", "title": "Noida Authority cracks down on land use violators", "text": "VNOIDA: The sealing squad of Noida Authority cracked down on land use violators in sector 29 on Wednesday and inspected four locations, three of which had already shut shop while one was let off as it was a clinic. Meanwhile, the Authority has instructed its enforcement department to fine all allottees who have received notices to shut down illegal operations 1% of current land allotment rates in the sector.\"If these property owners fail to pay up, their lease deeds will be cancelled,\" said Rajesh Prakash, administrative officer of Noida. The officials have also warned that allottees whose premises have been sealed face lease deed cancellation of their premises. \"These property owners are likely to be charged 5% of the prevalent land rates as charges for restoration of lease,\" said Prakash.The second area on the sealing radar, sector 30, was not visited by Authority officials. Officials said that they will visit the area on April 18.On Wednesday, the enforcement officials did not seal a single property in sector 29 as the team did not find any allottee misusing their premises for unauthorized commercial activity. Earlier, the Authority had conducted a survey of the sector to determine all property owners conducting unauthorized commercial activity from non-conforming areas. They had also met with RWA representatives on Monday, seeking their assistance in getting the residents to shut down their illegal operations.The enforcement team accompanied by heavy security personnel, including anti-riot squads, women cops and several earthmovers, reached sector 29 around 12.30pm to start the operation against building bylaws violations. The sealing team visited house numbers 473, 585 and 1265 in the sector. The garages in these houses were conducting unauthorized commercial activity from their premises. A clinic at house number 706 was spared.\"Since the survey had shown that four clinics and four dispensaries were operating out of these 12 properties, they were spared while others were targeted for sealing,\" Prakash said. \"On Wednesday, we found all the units previously identified for misuse closed,\" he added.\"The clinics were not sealed because of the directions of the Supreme Court. The court has fixed April 16 as the next date of hearing for nursing home petitioners facing eviction and on the petitions submitted by the displaced banks in Noida, which are seeking extra time to shift out of residential plots and resume operations at new locations,\" Prakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12631710", "title": "Dental student kidnapped", "text": "PANCHKULA: In yet another kidnapping case in the city, a 22-year-old BDS student of Swami Devi Dayal Engineering College, was allegedly kidnapped by three people. The victim, identified as Radhika who belongs to Jammu and stayed in the college hostel, went missing on April 2, 2012. One of the accused is Robin Hooda, a relative of advocate general of Haryana Hawa Singh Hooda. Radhika is reportedly from an affluent family.A case of kidnapping has been registered against Robin and two others under Section 346 (kidnapping) at the Raipurrani police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12629373", "title": "Now, scrapped FNG corridor to just link Noida and Ghaziabad", "text": "NOIDA: Amid reports of Haryana government scrapping the Faridabad-Noida-Ghaziabad (FNG) corridor project, the Noida Authority has maintained that, since the project is a part of its Master Plan 2021, the work between Noida and Ghaziabad will be completed for sure. The Authority claims it has already completed 50% of its share of the project.The project was floated in 1993 to connect Faridabad-Noida-Ghaziabad but was scrapped by the Haryana government in 1998 because it found it \"unfeasible.\" As per the initial plan, the corridor was to be 56km long and was to connect NH-24 near Ghaziabad and NH-2 (Delhi-Agra). Around 16km of the corridor falls under the jurisdiction of Noida Authority and work on 8km linking Noida and Ghaziabad is complete.This link road begins at Chijarsi village near NH-24 and passes through sectors 142, 143B and 167,168 along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway to end at Assdullapur village near sector 168. The Authority has already spent Rs 30 crore on the project.\"The NCR Planning board had been informed about the FNG corridor and we included it in our Master Plan when Haryana government planned to scrap it,\" said an Authority official. \"Currently, the congested NH-24 is the only link road between Noida and Ghaziabad. Considering that vehicular movement along this route is expected to increase several-fold due to residential and commercial development along the Expressway and in Ghaziabad, this part of the FNG corridor will provide smooth travel between the two cities,\" he added.Sources said that the remaining 50% work is stuck because some part of the land along the stretch is yet to be acquired while some is heavily encroached upon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631529", "title": "State lets US-born girl to appear for MHT-CET", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government told the Bombay high court on Wednesday that it will allow a girl born in the US to appear for the MHTCET in May 2012.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition filed by Pune residents Milind and Sujata Tendulkar after their daughter Pooja was disqualified as she is a US citizen by birth and an overseas Indian.The Tendulkars were in the US briefly, when Pooja born in 1994. They returned to India thereafter and from the age of six , she has been in India and studied under the Maharashtra state board.The additional government pleader submitted that Pooja will be allowed to appear. Tendulkars' advocate Asim Sarode told the court that the test will be held on May 10. The judges will pass a formal order on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631646", "title": "Foundation stone laid for international students hostel at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Foreign students getting enrolled at Panjab University will no longer have to face lodging woes. A six-storeyed hostel that would have state-of-art facilities will come up for them at Panjab University South campus soon.The exteriors of the hostel shall present a blend of modern and traditional architectural character of PU buildings for which the campus is known across the globe.The hostel has been designed to accommodate 75 self-contained residential units with total covered area, on all the six floors, at about 58000 sq feet.\"Foreign students will heave a sigh of relief now and the best of facilities would be available to them. Rs 7.85 crore has beenallocated for its construction,\" said Pushpinder Sharma, Panjab University campus students council president.The building will have two lifts and two wide staircases as a means of vertical circulation. Skylights would also be provided to add to the aesthetics of the hostel.The foundation-stone of Hostel for International Students and Research Scholars was laid by PU vice-chancellor R C Sobti on Wednesday.\"We will soon press for a separate hostel for PhD students,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12631906", "title": "Girl dies of burns under mysterious conditions", "text": "VARANASI: A 14-year-old girl died of burns at Rayispur village under Saidpur police station in Ghazipur district. The girl sustained serious burn injuries at some distance from her residence after midnight on Tuesday. She succumbed to burn injuries at SPG Hospital in Varanasi at wee hours on Wednesday. Her family members lodged an FIR against three persons in this connection. The police were investigating the matter after sending the body for postmortem.According to reports, Nilam, a Class VIII student, reached about 500 meters away from her residence in mysterious circumstances after midnight. Whether she was torched or had tried self-immolation is still not clear. But, the villagers woke up on hearing her cries. They rushed the girl to local primary health centre from where she was referred to SPG Hospital in Varanasi. But, she succumbed to burns in the wee hours.In his complaint Nilam's father Awadhesh Yadav alleged that three youths of village, including Sunil Yadav and Nivas Yadav, had taken the girl forcibly from the house after which the incident occurred. During initial investigation it came to light that the accused persons had illicit relations with the girl. It is suspected that she had also become pregnant. The police said all those facts would be cleared after autopsy. ASP City PK Mishra, who reached the incident site on Tuesday evening, said the police were investigating the matter and the facts would become clear very soon.BSF Jawan killed: Sangram Singh (32), a Border Security Force (BSF) jawan, was murdered by his elder brother Munna Singh in his village at Tilaluli village under Sikandarpur police station in Ballia district on Tuesday night.According to reports, Sangram was posted at Pakistan border in Jammu and Kashmir. He had recently arrived at his parental house in Tilauli village on leave. He had gone to his field on Tuesday night to see the harvesting of wheat crop. Around midnight he was returning home. But, Munna pulled him inside bushes and slit his throat. On noticing Munna running away in mysterious circumstance some villagers entered the bushes where they saw Sangram lying in a pool of blood. They rushed Sangram to a hospital but he died on the way. Sangram's other brother Hareram lodged a named FIR against Munna in this connection. The killing took place in property dispute.Printing press owner shot at: Kaushal Kumar Gupta (44), a printing press owner of Digia locality under Jaitpura police station was shot at by his employee Chandan Srivastava on Wednesday.According to reports, Kaushal runs a printing press at the ground floor of his house. Chandan was employed as binder at his press for long time. He also used to sleep in the same building in night. It was stated that a few days back he asked Kaushal to clear his all payments as he had to go to Mumbai. Chandan was dissatisfied with the payment made by Kaushal about a fortnight back after which he visited his place.On Tuesday evening he came back to Kaushal's press and requested to allow him sleeping in his building. Kaushal allowed him to sleep. But, when Kaushal returned home after leaving his child to his school on Wednesday morning Chandan opened fire on him and fled from the scene. Other employees of printing press rushed Kaushal to a hospital where his condition was stable. Police were trying to nab Chandan after registering a case.Two killed: In two separate mishaps at different places as many as two persons were killed after coming under the wheels of moving trains on Wednesday.According to reports, when an intercity train was reaching the platform of Kashi Railway Station an unidentified youth, aged around 22, jumped before it. He died on the spot. The GRP personnel failed to ascertain his identity as nothing was found in his pockets.In another incident at Virapatti under Shivpur police station, Ramashankar (45), a lineman posted at Pandeypur power sub-station, was killed after coming under the wheels of a moving train. He died on the spot.Shot: A 24-year-old youth was shot dead by some miscreants in Hengapur locality under Sidhari police station in Azamgarh district on Tuesday night. According to reports, following an altercation some miscreants shot at Phool Singh and his brother Rohit Singh around midnight. Phool Singh died while his brother Rohit Singh sustained bullet injury. He was admitted to hospital. The police were investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630945", "title": "Security guard shot at, stabbed over old enmity", "text": "BHOPAL: A security guard was first shot at and then stabbed by five persons over old enmity in Nishatpura area of the city late on Tuesday. Police have registered a case of attempt to murder and rioting against five persons in connection with the case.The police said victim, Bundel Singh Meena, hails from Raisen district, is employed as a security guard at an under construction house of his relative in Shanti Nagar here.The incident took place on Tuesday night when five persons identified as Nepal Singh, Rajesh, Bhim Singh , Devkishan and Bharat Singh allegedly attacked Bundel. First, one of them opened fire on him and others assaulted him with rods and sharp edged weapons.Police said that Nepal Singh allegedly fired at Meena and the bullet hit in his abdomen, the police said.The accused were also from the Raisen district and they fled the spot on mobikes after the incident. The victim has been admitted to a private hospital, where his condition is said to be critical.The police said victim's wife has reportedly been living with Nepal Singh for the past sometime. Due to this, the accused and Meena were not on cordial relations. The victim had also lodged a complaint with police against Nepal Singh but his wife reportedly told the police that she was willingly staying with him. This had created enmity in the mind of the accused and with the help of his accomplices, he attacked Meena.Meanwhile, the condition of victim Bundel Singh remained critical while the police said of making efforts to nab the absconding accused. Further investigations are continuing in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629724", "title": "NMC finally 'notices' illegal religious structures at Sonegaon", "text": "NAGPUR: Most people will agree that encroachers have no religion. However, the same people may be less sure when asked to comment on religious structures encroaching upon the city's public utility land.Despite several Supreme Court and high court orders against encroachments, there is no respite from such religious structures. NMC records say that there are 315 religious and 848 non-religious illegal structures, giving ample testimony to the lackadaisical attitude regarding such encroachments. And surprisingly, more such structures continue to come up.Two such illegal religious structures have come up on the banks of Sonegaon Lake near HB Estate Colony. One is a Buddha Vihar while the other is a Goddess Durga temple.Residents of HB Estate Colony, Swawlambi Nagar and Sonegaon Lake said that some months back a few residents had performed a puja and constructed the temple. Recently, during Navratri, an idol was also installed on the structure in around 1,000 sq ft land.With NMC's Laxmi Nagar zone remaining a silent spectator to the encroachment, a Buddha Vihar also came up on the banks of the temple recently. The Buddha Vihar has also obtained electric supply from MSEDCL. It has erected a board and claims to have started a clinic for poor people and a library for residents.Those involved in building and/or running both religious structures refused to comment for this article.A group of residents said on condition of anonymity that both police and corporation officials are doing nothing despite being empowered to act against illegal encroachments.\"Both civic body and city cops can initiate action under Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act, 1966; City of Nagpur Corporation Act, 1948; Indian Penal Code, and Bombay Police Act,\" said residents.Now, Laxmi Nagar zone has finally woken up from its slumber. Assistant municipal commissioner (Laxmi Nagar zone) SM Jaidev said they have served notices to both illegal structures. He said both will be razed soon.The NMC, however, failed to give a convincing reply when asked why and how these structures came up in the first place?\"Staffers refuse to remove illegal structures as representatives from these religious structures not only use foul language but also threaten them with dire consequences,\" claimed an NMC officer. \"They also warned that if we demolished these structures it would trigger communal tension,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12634891", "title": "Govt's Incredible India campaign goes to Facebook", "text": "NEW DELHI: Harping on the growing trend of social media marketing, Tourism Ministry has decided to open an Incredible India page on the Facebook as part of an aggressive campaign showcasing Indian destinations.\"We have undertaken steps to connect with masses through social networking sites like Facebook, Twitter and Youtube ,\" said a senior ministry official.Recently the ministry has launched the websites of Atithidevo Bhava and Clean India campaign.These two websites are now linked with Facebook, said the official adding \"work is going on to open an Incredible India page in the social networking site.\"The Atithidevo Bhava campaign was launched three years ago to check incidents of harassment of tourists by auto drivers, shopkeepers and touts at railway stations, airports and tourist places.Film star Aamir Khan was made the brand ambassador of the Atithidevo Bhava campaign to create awareness about the issue.The Ministry has recently launched Clean India campaign to keep the tourist spots including monuments clean.By linking these two sites with the Facebook, we have tried to establish a direct contact with masses and make the campaign more visible, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12629036", "title": "Siang Bachao Federation, Adi students oppose public hearing", "text": "Itanagar: NGOs in Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh have opposed the four-day public hearing on various hydropower projects from April 17. Siang Bachao Federation (SBF) and Adi Students' Union (AdiSU) have also sought cancellation of the proposed hearings at Jeying, Rottung and Gumin Kine.The SBF, in a comminique on Wednesday, said people were not taken into confidence and they were still not aware of the advantages and disadvantage of hydro projects, including the 2700-MW Lower Siang project. Moreover, the Aalo township, which falls under submergence zone, has not been reflected in the cadastral survey, the federation added. \"University and college students will not be able to participate in the proposed public hearing as the dates of the hearing might clash with university examinations,\" the federation said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "male", "code": "12632597", "title": "Indian national commits suicide in Maldives", "text": "MALE: A 39-year-old Indian national on Thursday committed suicide in police custody at Dhoonidhoo Island in the Maldives.The deceased, who is said be from Kerala, was remanded to police custody in connection with an investigation into an altercation which he had with another Indian two weeks ago, police spokesman Hassan Haneef said.The police has yet to ascertain the cause of suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12637473", "title": "Sudha Chandran to reprise 'Naache Mayuri' on TV", "text": "Remember Sudha Chandran's dance performance to the title track from her yesteryear film 'Naache Mayuri'. The actress will reprise the same performance for the small screen this time.Sudha Chandran who plays Kalyani Devi in the TV serial Jhilmil Sitaaron Ka Aangan Hoga will dance on the tune of 'Naache Mayuri' in a forthcoming episode, with the wedding bells ringing for the lead couple Aakash and Angana. In true-blue Barjatya tradition, the serial will have a lavish sangeet ceremony where Raghuveer Raichand performs to the evergreen number 'Aa Meri Zohra Jabeen' expressing his love for his better-half, Kalyani Devi. Kalyani Devi played by Sudha Chandran answers him with a solo dance on the 'Naache Mayuri' track.Commenting on her solo performance, first time for the small screen, Sudha Chandran says, \"Dance is my passion and something that comes naturally to me. When I was informed about the dance sequence, that too on Naache Mayuri, it came to me as a surprise. It brought back so many memories. The song is one of my favorites and will always remain special to me. I first performed to this song 27 years ago in my movie and even today I remember every move. This is also the first time; I have performed on the small screen and hope all our viewers enjoy this special performance. There is something for everyone in this sangeet ceremony and so I would like to invite all the viewers to be part of the celebrations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12631203", "title": "CBI blames Lalu for trial delay", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI has held former Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad responsible for delay in a fodder scam case trial. The case (No. RC 20) is related to misappropriation of funds worth Rs 37 crore from the Chaibasa treasury.The CBI said Lalu has been adopting various tactics to delay the trial. Fifteen defence witnesses were supposed to appear before special judge P K Singh on Tuesday and Wednesday, however, only Union ministry of personnel deputy secretary Rajiv Jain and Patna civil court lawyer Mohammad Ijaz Hussain turned up for the trial.Special CBI advocate BMP Singh said, the court on February 14 asked Lalu to submit the list of defence witnesses at the earliest. He submitted a list of 78 witnesses and the court summoned 15 of them. \"Last month, the court informed the witnesses to appear before the court on April 10 and 11. However, only two witnesses turned up,\" said Singh, adding that Lalu's lawyer Prabhat Kumar failed to produce Shukla Mohanty as one of the witnesses.Kumar said Mohanty, who is principal of a college in Jamshedpur, was out of station. \"She will appear for deposition in two-three days,\" said Kumar.However, CBI officials are not ready to buy the plea. \"Lalu is intentionally not producing the witnesses in the court and taking time under one pretext or the other,\" said a CBI officer.The other main accused in the case, includes former chief minister of Bihar Jaggannath Mishra, Lok Sabha MP Jagdish Sharma, former IAS officers Julius Beck, Mahendra Prasad and Phul Chandra Singh and animal husbandry (AHD) officers K M Prasad and S N Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631697", "title": "6 months after exam, Panjab University students wait for result", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Habitually overshooting deadlines, declaring results on time has become an arduous task for Panjab University's (PU) examination branch. This time, the department has taken over six months to collect answer sheets of a course in psychology from its evaluators in far flung areas. Students, who enrolled for a one-year post graduate diploma in counseling and psychotherapy, still await their results for exams held in October 2011.Ruing that the university is charging them Rs 40,000 for the year-long professional course, students claim that while the fee is pinching their pocket, their career is also put at stake because of the delay. \"Those who wrote the semester exams in December, two months after me, have already got their results. My batch cannot apply for job, particularly overseas, since our results are stuck. We took admission in August 2010,\" said a student, requesting anonymity.Admitting to the excessive delay in declaring the result for this course, officials of the examination branch justified that evaluators living in far flung areas are the root of the problem. \"We are helpless since the evaluators are living in areas that are so far away that one cannot even personally go and collect the answer sheets, like we do in other cases,\" said A K Bhandari, Controller of Examination. He added that the examination branch only picks evaluators from a list sent by the concerned department's board of studies.However, chairperson of the psychology department Seema Vinayak said conducting exams and declaring results are the responsibility of the exam branch. \"The onus falls on the examination branch for declaring the results,\" she added.Anuradha Bhandari, a senior professor in the department, said, \"It was decided last year to send answer books to experts and evaluators within 250km radius so that results are not delayed. The psychology department and the post-graduate board of studies have been following these guidelines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629547", "title": "Vigilance sleuths trap clerk", "text": "PATNA: State vigilance bureau officials have caught red-handed an amin cum clerk of land acquisition department, Banka, Kishun Prasad Mehta, while accepting a bribe of Rs 3.74 lakh from one Devashish Jha for releasing the compensation money for his land acquired by the government.ADG (vigilance bureau) P K Thakur said this was the biggest bribe amount seized in trap cases so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631643", "title": "Pregnant women celebrate Safe Motherhood Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: School of Public Health, PGI together with Chandigarh Health Administration celebrated \" Safe Motherhood Day\" at the Maternal and Child Health centre in Polyclinic, Sector-45 on Wednesday. About 100 pregnant and lactating mothers were part of the celebration.Dr Madhu Gupta, assistant professor of community medicine, PGI said about 215 pregnant women die per lakh live births every year in India, and most of these deaths are preventable. \"Bleeding after delivery is the most common cause of maternal deaths hence all deliveries should be conducted in hospitals,\" she said, adding that bursting of water bag, vaginal bleeding, convulsions with very high fever and severe anaemia are danger signs during pregnancy and should be immediately reported to a hospital. Doctors demonstrated the importance of delivery in hospitals that have blood bank facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12630836", "title": "Rawat opposes Congress\u2019s search for `vulnerable\u2019 BJP MLA\u2019s seat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tensions in Uttarakhand Congress have come to the fore again, with Union minister Harish Rawat opposing the move to help CM Vijay Bahuguna become a member of the state assembly by getting a BJP MLA to resign his seat and pave the way for a bypoll.\"It would not be politically appropriate to get a BJP MLA to resign for the CM. There would be many MLAs in Congress who would want to leave their seat. The entire party would stand by him when he contests\", Rawat told TOI.Rawat's criticism follows reports of efforts to engineer a vacancy by cajoling a BJP MLA into quitting his seat. Bahuguna, whom the leadership preferred over the Union minister despite the fact that the latter enjoys more support among the MLAs, is a Lok Sabha MP. He needs to get a seat in the state assembly within six months of being sworn in as CM.Congress is in search of a \"vulnerable\" saffron MLA to secure Bahuguna's election as it fears that an accidental defeat in the by-polls might endanger its fledgling government. The party has just one MLA more than BJP, and the equation would reverse if Bahuguna loses on a seat vacated by a Congressman.While criticizing the \"risk-free\" strategy, Rawat differentiated Congress from the supporters of the BJP. He dismissed the poaching strategy as \"possibly an individual's mindset\", and maintained that Congress, as a political party, \"cannot endorse\". Yet his stance may reopen the cracks in the state unit just when the leadership claimed it had quelled the rebellion against Bahuguna's nomination as the CM by accommodating Rawat's supporters in Rajya Sabha and state ministry.The decision to install Bahuguna, a Lok Sabha MP from Tehri, in the hot seat triggered strong protests from MLAs and workers in favour of Rawat.Rawat's stance on how should the CM enter the assembly may put Congress in a spot even as it is engaged in an intense search for a friendly foe. Congress sources argued BJP's B C Khanduri did the same in 2007 when he got Congress's T P S Rawat to resign. The BJP coup, which caught Congress unawares, was guided by the fear that its numerical frailty would be tested severely in case of a defeat in the by-poll.While Congress could have claimed 'tit-for-tat' politics, Rawat's veto may force a rethink. It may even help BJP mount an offensive against Congress, though the Opposition may have lacked the moral authority to do so after Khanduri's poaching in 2007.Rawat betrayed no sign of laying a trap for in-house rival Bahuguna. \"We cannot afford hostile politics which would bring the opposition on the streets. For development, we have to create a conducive atmosphere and need the opposition's support to implement our policies,\" he said.The Union minister reminded that Khanduri's \"unethical\" approach had turned Congress hostile that ultimately resulted in his ouster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12631940", "title": "Unique identification number to be must to avail schemes", "text": "PANAJI: The state government will try to complete registration of all citizens for allotment of unique identification number (UID) by September 30 and the UID number will be essential for citizens wishing to avail of any government scheme after the September deadline, chief minister Manohar Parrikar announced on Wednesday.Speaking to media persons, Parrikar stressed that the government hopes to complete the registration of Goa's entire population by September, but said that registration for those not covered will continue even after that deadline.The chief minister also clarified that every citizen having the UID number will not automatically be eligible for government schemes, but all citizens wishing to avail of schemes will essentially need to have the UID number.Parrikar explained that the UID number will help monitor and curb malpractices in the implementation of government schemes as the number will indicate whether the beneficiary is a government servant or is retired, and other details. Presently, about 53% (7.5 lakh persons) of Goa's population have registered for UID and the government hopes to complete the process within the next four to five months, the chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12620271", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan busy for Farah Khan till 2013", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan will work with his once best friend Farah Khan again. In the project they had together thought of, years back. But not in the next two years. That's right. We are sorry to douse the dreams of the many excited to see SRK recreate an OSO or a Main Hoon Na on screen. They will surely have to wait for a while.While certain sections of the media have been busy creating brouhaha over Farah joining hands with the actor, Mirror has learnt that Khan's calendar is choc-a-bloc for the coming months.Shah Rukh Khan , who is currently busy shooting for Yash Chopra's directorial comeback with Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , will start his project Chennai Express with Rohit Shetty soon after, in August.Though the female lead for the film is yet to be finalised, sources reveal that SRK is keen on starting the venture as soon as he finishes Chopra's project in July. And after that, he will have to choose between his childhood friend Anil Senior and Bollywood buddy Farah's projects ABCD and Happy New Year respectively.On October 8, 2011, Mumbai Mirror told you how SRK had already chalked out plans for his next, ABCD - a film to be made by his childhood friend. And according to sources from the industry, after Shetty's Chennai Express, SRK would most probably opt for this project. This however, leaves Farah standing last in the queue.\"Till now, SRK was scheduled to work on Rohit Shetty's film Chennai Express first and then Farah Khan's Happy New Year. However, now he wants to work on his childhood friend, Anil Senior's film ABCD. He will be an actor and producer for the project. Also, Khan wants to start work on his mythological opus based on Karna. If things go as planned, Farah's plans will be pushed further. And Happy New Year will not start before end of 2013,\" said the source.According to the source, SRK after finishing Yash Chopra's film will start Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express and then move on to Anil Senior's ABCD. \"The rest of the creative calls will be taken only after the IPL season next year. In all probability, he will start work on his mythological,\" added the source.We sent a text message to Farah Khan who chose not to revert.(With inputs from Subhash K Jha)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "12632023", "title": "Minister scuttles criminal action against MLA", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: One phone call from a minister of cabinet rank. That is all it takes for an MLA in Gujarat to escape criminal proceedings despite siphoning off taxpayer's hard-earned money meant for the poor. Four-time BJP MLA from Sinhor-Gariadhar, Keshubhai Nakrani, was implicated in a scam of constructing 58 underground tanks for rainwater harvesting in Surnivas village in Bhavnagar. A trust headed by him built only 46 and pocketed the rest of the grant. And, there was no police action against him for the past 13 years.Over a decade later, an RTI application by real estate broker Labhu Katrodiya has exposed the truth. The RTI replies showed that Gujarat Water Supply and Sewerage Board (GWSSB) and civil supplies minister Narottam Patel shielded Nakhrani and 11 others from criminal action. The RTI reply includes a letter by the deputy engineer, public health and construction department, A G Gohel, to member secretary, GWSSB, in 2006 which claimed, \"...on 4 July, 2006, minister Narottam Patel called me up at 11:00 and instructed me that before filling a police complaint, I should get written permission from him. So, we request you to discuss this matter with the minister.''Nakrani was the president of the Gram Vikas Samiti, Gariadhar, which bagged the tank project in 1999. The government was paying Rs 13,500 per tank in each of the 58 houses of Surnivas village as part of a public-private partnership arrangement.While the government bore 90% expenses, 10% was to be borne by the trust. Nakrani's trust claimed the amount for all 58 tanks but avoided constructing 12. \"RTI documents revealed both GWSSB and the vigilance commission had found Nakrani and his trust guilty and filed a complaint in the civil court to recover the money in 2006, instead of filing a criminal complaint. The board decided to withdraw the complaint after Nakrani paid back Rs 1.72 lakh. This is unacceptable as even GWSSB's in-house legal department had given the go-ahead to lodge a criminal complaint,\" says Katrodiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631593", "title": "Symposium on organ donation held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A symposium on organ donation awareness was organized by Mohan Foundation in collaboration with World Health Organization at the English department auditorium, Panjab University on Wednesday.Panjab University vice-chancellor Dr R C Sobti emphasized the need for cadaver donations. One donation can actually save as many as 19 lives, he added.PGIMER director Dr Y K Chawla announced the recent successful organ transplant and introduction of cadaver transplant programme at PGIMER. Foundation director Sudhir Dewan shared his personal experience of being a liver transplant survivor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629922", "title": "Three labourers suffocate to death in sewer", "text": "KANPUR: Three labourers were killed while another fell unconscious on Wednesday evening after they got trapped inside a sewer at Darshanpurwa in Fazalganj area of the Industrial City.According to the police, the deceased have been identified as Bablu alias Arun, Mintu and Dharmendra, all natives of Bijnor. \"Six labourers were cleaning the sewer after being roped in by a local contractor in Darshanpurwa when gas leaked into the chamber of the sewer and they fell unconscious,\" said a police officer.Police and fire brigade officials launched a rescue operation with the help of the locals. After extracting them from the sewer, the unconscious labourers were rushed to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, where three among them were declared dead.\"A case of negligence will be filed and further investigations are on,\" said a police official. The labourers died as they had inhaled poisonous gas inside the sewer, he added. The bodies have been sent for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12629593", "title": "Opposition miffed over delay in appointing House leader", "text": "NASHIK: The opposition parties, especially the Shiv Sena and the NCP have expressed displeasure over the delay in announcing the leader of the House and the leader of the Opposition of the Nashik Municipal Corporation ( NMC).The names were to be announced on April 7, when the 16 members of the standing committee were declared, but this did not happen. The parties are now expecting the announcement of the leader of the Opposition before the general body meeting on Friday.Before announcing the names of the standing committee members in the April 7 meeting, the mayor had said that the names of the leader of the Opposition and the leader of the House would be announced after the standing committee members were declared. However, the leaders were not declared, nor was a general body meeting on the same announced.\"A general body meeting (GBM) has been called on Friday, but that is only to discuss the privatization of octroi collection. From this general body meeting point of view, the announcement of the leader of the Opposition was important,\" said an Independent leader.City chief of NCP, Sharad Koshire, said, \"Both these posts are very responsible posts from the point of view of discussions in the House. Many are wondering why the names were not announced in the GBM on April 7. A meeting should have been announced at least for the next day to induct these leaders. On April 13, the crucial issue of octroi privatization will be discussed. The House leader, Opposition leader and standing committee chairman should have been declared before this GBM so that they could also participate in the discussion. The House leader is very important when it comes to proposals being presented in the GBM. But I feel that since the group leaders have already been declared, they would be discussing the octroi issue.\"The Shiv Sena is also a major contender for the post of Opposition leader. A senior leader of the party said that the names of the Opposition leader, House leader and the election of the chairperson of the standing committee should have been done before the discussion of the octroi issue on April 13. \"After all, abolishing privatization of octroi was the MNS's poll plank,\" said a senior Sena leader.The mayor's office said that members of the standing committee were to be declared during the mayoral election but since that was not done, a GBM was called on April 13 to do so. \"The GBM of April 7 was specially conducted because it was postponed and in postponed GBMs, other topics cannot be taken up apart from the subject that was postponed. Hence, the announcement of names of the House leader and Opposition leader was not included,\" said a source.The Opposition, however, feels that a GBM to announce these names and the election of the chairman of the standing committee should have been conducted before the GBM on April 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12632111", "title": "Tsunami alerts: District forms teams", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district administration has formed three teams as part of preparedness in the wake of tsunami alert. The alerts have been issued after an earthquake of high intensity was reported off the Sumatra coast. Deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda and city police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh called on people not to pay heed to rumours regarding the possibility of tsunami.Teams led by Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) revenue officer R Meghana, Ullal Town Municipality chief officer Sheena Naik and Mangalore tehsildar Ravichandra Naik will work in Surathkal, Ullal and Bengre coasts respectively to help residents in emergency situation.The deputy commissioner said that all hospitals, police, Home Guards and other departments have been asked to be alert. \"Boats of New Mangalore Port Trust, fisheries department, fire and emergency department and NCC will be kept ready at different locations. Necessary arrangements will be made in schools, which are located more than one kilometer away from the coast, to rehabilitate residents in the coast in case of an emergency. Families will be shifted if any alarming variations are found in the waves,\" he said adding that KSRTC would be asked to arrange buses to transport residents from the coast. On security of fishermen, the DC said that seafaring should be avoided till all apprehensions were cleared.NMPT chairman P Tamilvanan, who too convened a meeting of all departmental heads in the wake of alerts received from the Indian Coast Guard and the district administration told TOI that things were normal in the port. \"The vessel traffic management system, the fire and emergency services and tugs of the port have been put on standby to deal with any exigency,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631819", "title": "Kushinagar school girls allege rape by employees", "text": "LUCKNOW: After three girls in a shelter home in Allahabad were allegedly raped by a peon, girls of a government boarding school in Kushinagar have accused two grade IV employees of the school of raping them. The school, which has 300 girl students, is run by the district social welfare office.Nisha (name changed), a student of class 10, has alleged that a grade IV employee, Rakesh Chaurasia, tried to rape her on March 22. \"He dragged me into a corner and tried to rape me. I managed to escape after my friend Suman raised an alarm,\" Nisha told reporters in Kushinagar on Wednesday.Another girl, Reena (name changed), has accused another grade IV employee, D N Gupta, of raping her several times. The complaints of these two girls were endorsed by other girls who spoke to the local media. \"All this had been happening for quite some time. We had informed the warden and the principal but no action was taken,\" a girl said.\"Principal Ram Prasad always said that the district social welfare officer was the only person who can help in this case, but never allowed us to venture out of the hostel to lodge a complaint,\" said another girl. District social welfare officer Pragya Shankar's residence is located opposite the school.The girls claimed they were kept under strict vigil. \"We were not even allowed to go on the terrace or in the open space in evenings,\" a girl said.On Tuesday, some of these girls met a local reporter who published their story. Acting on the news report, district magistrate Rigzin Samphel inspected the school.Samphel told TOI that the accused have been detained and a magisterial inquiry ordered into the allegations. \"The allegations are extremely serious and we are getting the charges investigated,\" he said. \"There were complaints relating to general mismanagement as well. So the SDM probing the case has been told to look into them as well,\" the DM added. The local administration is also getting victims' medical examination done.This is the second incident of minor girls being raped in government-run shelter homes or schools.On April 6, peon of an orphanage in Allahabad was arrested on charges of raping three minor girls. The matter came to light when a victim narrated the incident to a couple who had come to adopt her.The couple informed the local authorities. Later inquires revealed that there were two more victims. The medical examination of the girls confirmed rape. The victims, between 7 and 9 years, were subjected to physical and mental trauma for past few months. Nine employees of the orphanage have been suspended while superintendent Urmila Gupta has been arrested. One thing common in these two cases is the insensitivity of custodians of these children who are supposed to ensure their safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12631107", "title": "Birth-spacing device to be available in remote villages", "text": "JAIPUR: Long-acting reversible contraceptive - the intra-uterine contraceptive device (IUCD) that will protect women from getting pregnant for five-10 years - will now be available at the doorstep of remote Indian villages.In a massive push for adequate spacing of children by Indian women, the Union health ministry has decided to allow two lakh Auxillary Nurse Midwives (ANMs) under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) to make IUCDs available at all health sub-centres.The ANMS are also being trained to insert IUCDs themselves. While one IUCD called Surakha 5 will protect women from having a baby for five years, Surakha 10 will prevent her from conceiving for a decade.A day after TOI reported how almost three in five women (59%) are having their second child within three years of having their first baby, NRHM mission director Anuradha Gupta told the largest gathering of maternal and child health experts here that birth spacing is the ministry's latest mantra.Gupta has asked all sub-centres to allocate two days in a week exclusively for inserting IUCDs.Gupta told TOI, \"Sub-centres will take up the role of inserting IUCDs in women. We have also started a new programme called the post-partum insertion of IUCDs. Earlier, women who delivered in institutions were asked to come back after six weeks of delivery for counseling and insertion of IUCDs like Copper 380 A. As expected, a majority of them never returned. Under the new programme, pregnant women are counseled for use of IUCDs during the antenatal period itself, and the IUCD is inserted soon after she delivers the baby, following proper consent.\"According to Gupta, 45% of India's maternal deaths are in the 15-24 age category.A ministry official said, \"China has used IUCDs to their advantage. There, IUCD usage is as high as 60% for stabilizing population. In India, it is less than 2%. At present, women have two children in a short gap and then stop. This affects India's population boom adversely. There is no proper spacing between two babies.\"Gupta added that IUCDs are completely reversible. It is inserted in the uterus by a trained person and is effective for about 10 years. If a woman wants a baby before that, she can get it removed. It, however, does not provide protection against sexually transmitted diseases.Copper IUDs prevent fertilization by reducing the number and viability of sperm reaching the egg, and by impeding the number and movement of eggs into the uterus. It is believed that the continuous release of copper from the coils and sleeves of the Copper T 380A into the uterine cavity enhances the IUCD's contraceptive effect.According to health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , unless the rapid growth of population is contained, it will be difficult to ensure quality education, healthcare, food and housing, clean drinking water, sanitation, hygiene and a healthy environment for all.India's population was 1.02 billion in 2001, and projected to be nearly 1.19 billion in 2011. It is estimated that in another 20 years it will exceed that of China. India, however, has just 2% of the land but is supporting 17% of the world's population.TOI had reported on Wednesday how Andhra Pradesh led the list at 66%, followed by Rajasthan, where 34% women had their second baby three years after having their first child.The corresponding figure for Maharashtra was 35.3%, followed by Haryana (35.7%), Karnataka (35.8%), Himachal Pradesh (36.6%), Bihar (37.3%), Tamil Nadu (40%), Gujarat (40.3%) and Uttar Pradesh (40.9%).Nearly 30% women in India are keeping a gap of about 24 months between two children. Union health ministry says a woman should ideally deliver her second child after a gap of at least three years from her first baby. If not done, second-time mothers not only pose a threat to the growth of their fetus but also increase risk of a premature delivery.Earlier studies have reported a higher incidence of low-birth weight and premature delivery among babies conceived within six months of a previous birth, compared to those conceived 18-23 months following the last baby. Experts say it takes at least two years for a woman's body to recover from childbirth. Since nearly 52% of women in India are anemic, a woman has to let her body replenish lost nutrients and the blood that she loses during delivery.One of the biggest reasons for this is that Indian men don't really swear by sterilization. The number of men undergoing a vasectomy - a 10-minute walk-in-walk-out operation - has dipped by about 22% in 2010-2011 as compared to the previous year. In absolute numbers, over 50,000 fewer men underwent vasectomy in 2010-11 as compared to 2009-10 - from around 2.7 lakh to 2.16 lakh. The ministry's latest data says most states have seen a sharp dip in the number of men wanting to get involved in family planning. Bihar saw a 55% fall in the number of men opting for vasectomy in 2010-11 as compared to the previous year, while Odisha, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh recorded 47%, Kerala (46%), Karnataka (45%) fall, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634854", "title": "Thalapathy Anthem released", "text": "The Thalapathy Anthem was released in Chennai amidst much fanfare. The Ilayathapalathy was there at the function and his fans were also present on this grand occasion. Vijay released the two-song album during this event.Vatsan CR is the creative head of the Thalapathy Anthem and the lyrics have been penned by Dinesh. Amogh is in-charge of the rap sections in this album while Gautham has handled the camera. Lokesh has edited the album.Speaking at this event, Vijay said that he will host a dinner for the toppers of 12 and 10 th std toppers every year from now on. Vijay was also pleased with the album and lauded the efforts of the makers.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631575", "title": "Four injured in attack", "text": "A gang of 12 attacked four youths with sharp weapons following a quarrel. The youths, Rohit Salve, Kunal Gaikwad, Yogesh Gaikwad and Rehman Shaikh, sustained severe injuries and are undergoing treatment in a government hospital.The incident took place at Khadki bazar around 11 pm on Tuesday. The Khadki police have arrested Rahibar Shaikh (30), Rabbil Shaikh (19) and Irfan Khan (20) all from Khadki bazar under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code. Senior police inspector Bhimrao Tele of the Khadki police station is investigating the case.Cash looted from petrol pump: The Mundhwa police have booked three suspects for allegedly thrashing an employee of a petrol pump and looting Rs 5,000 in cash from him. The incident took place on Tuesday around 7 pm at Mundhwa. A complaint has been lodged by Ashok Gaikwad (30) of Manjari with the Mundhwa police station. The suspects thrashed Gaikwad, when he refused to give them petrol in a bottle. The Mundhwa police are investigating further.Man commits suicide: A 55-year-old person allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree at Hanumannagar in Mundhwa on Wednesday. The police have identified the deceased as Mahadev Shriram Wankhede. The reason behind the suicide is yet to be ascertained. The Mundhwa police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630488", "title": "Children\u2019s park near Jubilee is now a cesspool", "text": "HYDERABAD: The children's park near Jubilee bus stand has now turned into an open urinal due to lack of maintenance. Ever since the park area was earmarked for the metro rail project, the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) has decided to turn a blind eye to the place. However, the metro authorities are still unsure whether or not they need this park area.This once popular children's park was in good shape not too long ago, with a big slide shaped similar to a rocket. In due course, the slide broke down and was removed and the compound wall collapsed, making it very easy for people to walk in and relieve themselves. While the garden on the other side of the area is well maintained, the park now lies defunct. Those who take the route frequently say how the park was also used for circuses and exhibitions. But slowly the whole area turned into a big urinal.S Balakrishna, chief executive officer, SCB said, \"We are aware of the existing problem there as people are using it as a urinal for some time now. But the reason we have not taken up any renovation work is that the metro rail authorities are supposed to carry out some work there. So, we are just waiting for the work to begin.\"However, the metro rail authorities themselves are uncertain about the usage of the land. NVS Reddy, managing director, Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited said, \"Actually, we had asked the SCB for an acre of open land in the area, but we have not received any confirmation regarding the piece of land in question. In any case, we need some time to begin work at Secunderabad.\"Meanwhile, citizens continue to suffer due to stench that emanates from the area. Since the park is located on a busy stretch and many pass through this area daily and there is a traffic signal just ahead. Commuters dread stopping at the red signal there as it means enduring the stink for a little longer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12630891", "title": "Passengers have a tough time as Shatabdi runs late", "text": "PANCHKULA: City-bound passengers had a hard time when the evening Delhi-Chandigarh Shatabdi got delayed by around one-and-a-half hours due to a technical snag in the engine of another train in the block section near Panipat.\"Till the time the snag was not rectified, we could not allow the Shatabdi to move forward. On our side, no other train except the Shatabdi comes through that track. So it was only this train which got delayed,\" said Praveen Kumar , station superintendent of the Chandigarh railway station. The Shatabdi was scheduled to reach at 8.40pm but it reached here only around 10.10pm. Many people who were waiting for their relatives and friends at the station also got restless, as it was not clear how long would the delay be.\"I have been waiting for long for my sister who's coming to Chandigarh from Delhi. We didn't expect a delay. What's worse, the railway authorities are also not sure how long would the delay be. Like sometimes they are making an announcement saying that the train would reach in ten minutes and sometimes they are saying that it would take half an hour. They should at least give definite information,\" said Falak Chauhan, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula.\"The wait is quite harrowing. I have been calling up my son constantly, who is aboard the Shatabdi. The authorities should have given clear-cut information regarding what the problem is,\" said Rajeev Kundra, a resident of Sector 14,Panchkula, while waiting at the station.\"My whole schedule has been ruined. We are still waiting for the track to get cleared. I had to attend a function and was coming to Chandigarh for that only. But by the time I'll reach there, the function will get over,\" rued Sanjeev Sharma, a resident of Sector 21, Chandigarh over a telephonic conversation with TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629357", "title": "Government strips new tax pacts of confidentiality clauses", "text": "NEW DELHI: The veil is lifting over names of \"black money\" account-holders as new tax agreements being signed by the government with foreign countries, including tax havens, will have limited secrecy clauses while several existing treaties are also being renegotiated.Under intense pressure from MPs, parliamentary committees and court petitions demanding names of persons who have stashed illegal wealth abroad be disclosed, the government has decided to seek a relaxation of confidentiality norms that prevent the information being placed in public domain.\"All new agreements being signed have this limited confidentiality clause as the information received may be used for such other purposes under the laws of both states and as the competent authority of the supplying state authorizes such use,\" the finance ministry informed the parliamentary standing committee.A finance ministry official said that the move will help the government simultaneously investigate, if there are violations apart from tax cases.So far, the government had argued that black money lists have been obtained from countries like Switzerland and France only on the condition that information will be used for tax evasion cases and will not be revealed unless as part of judicial decisions. This meant the information has not even been shared with agencies like the Enforcement Directorate that can probe cases like money laundering.But the finance ministry has told the parliamentary standing committee on finance that it has spotted a loophole in the OECD model tax convention that says that if the contracting states agree, they can agree on provisions for purposes other than tax cases under their respective laws.India has received a list of 700 black money accounts in the HSBC Bank in Geneva and Indian names from Liechtenstein as well.The ministry has said the government has also \"taken up the issue of relaxing the confidentiality clause with several countries\" while there is no restriction in pacts entered into with nations like Romania and Zambia . Some east European and African countries have joined traditional tax havens like the Caribbean in routing undeclared wealth or money related to terrorism and drugs.Aware that black money had become a politically sensitive matter with the Opposition demanding that the government not only recover tax dues but bring back the hidden wealth to India, the government has amended its view that it was obliged to respect provisions of double taxation avoidance agreements (DTAAs).\"If information is originally regarded as secret in the transmitting state, it shall be disclosed to persons or authorities (including courts and administrative bodies) involved in the assessment or collection of...or determination of appeals relating to taxes that are subject of the convention,\" the government has been maintaining.It has also argued that the legislative framework created through DTAAs and tax information exchange agreements if only the first step to combat black money and tax evasion. Other steps include being part of international conventions, setting up income tax overseas units and exchange of information cells.\"The process is creating an environment where citizens are having a feeling that if they stash their money abroad, the law will catch up with them very soon and they will be prosecuted,\" the ministry has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629704", "title": "Buxar open jail to be inaugurated soon", "text": "PATNA: The first open jail in Bihar, constructed over 80 acres of land at Buxar, is set to be inaugurated this month. It will accommodate 104 inmates, along with their dependents.The open jail concept has been introduced in 13 states of the country to encourage good conduct and self-discipline among the prison inmates. The Buxar open jail will be the latest and the most modern among the 26 open jails in the country.Anand Kishore, IG Prisons, told TOI that efforts were made to create a conducive atmosphere for prisoners to develop their skills and talent. It would help them in contributing to the society. Kishore said 74 male inmates from the central jails have been selected for the Buxar open jail. No female prisoner was found eligible to be housed in the open jail, he said. \"A team of prison officers visited the Jaipur open jail in Rajasthan, the state with the highest number of open jails in the country. We have followed the Jaipur model in setting up the Buxar open jail,\" Kishore said.The central jail superintendents forwarded a list of the eligible prisoners to the IG prisons, who finalized the list of inmates to be shifted to Buxar open jail.According to the Bihar Jail Manual-2008, those who have spent 10 years of their life imprisonment and originally belong to Bihar are eligible to be considered for open jail. The inmate must be above 30 years of age. There are other criteria for selection as well. But the manual says inmates with good conduct but convicted either for planned mass murder, murder of a public servant, or under the National Security Act, or court-martialed, could not be considered for open jail.BCP Singh, director industries (prisons), said there would be one-room flats for the inmates. The wife, parents and minor children could stay with them. But the family members would not get the food from the jail authorities. Arrangements for 110 LPG connections from Indian Oil Corporation have been made for the inmates, who would pay a minimum administrative charge from their earnings.The inmates would also be given vocational training and they could get employment outside within five km of the open jail with, of course, the approval of IG Prisons. It should be daytime job and they have to attend the roll call twice every day.A seven-member prisoners' panchayat, work and discipline committee and prisoners' cooperative society would also be formed in the jail. They would also get a chance to open saving account with a bank or post office on the recommendation of the authorities.ADG Prisons and IG Prisons will make surprise visits to check the security of the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh/panchkula", "code": "12631764", "title": "Weather kicks up a surprise storm", "text": "CHANDIGARH/PANCHKULA: The weather took Tricity residents by surprise on Wednesday night as thunder shower, lightning and hail storm lashed Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali, disrupting power supply and causing traffic jams at prime intersections. The downpour, which lasted more than two hours, also led to water-logging across sectors 21, 15, 7, 8, 34 and 35, adding to the woes of those who were caught on the roads.Officials of the meteorological department stated that the gusty winds, rain and lightning were caused by western disturbances. \"We expected thunder storm on Wednesday night. The weather will return to normal by Thursday evening,\" said Surinder Pal, director of the meteorological department.Traffic lights stopped working across the city and there was a blackout in Chandigarh with the power going out in sectors 35, 21, 22 and 20. Panchkula and Mohali also witnessed a similar outage with the electricity department officials claiming that the power was shut down as a precautionary measure. \"We shut down power to prevent any untoward incident. The situation will become normal soon,\" said an SDO of the electricity department in Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631588", "title": "Proof of the Chicken Soup is in its author talking about it", "text": "MUMBAI: American author Jack Canfield, who gave the world a popular recipe for success in Chicken Soup for the Soul, is in Mumbai to address a motivational workshop at Nehru Centre on Thursday.Canfield is also scheduled to address a gathering of corporate leaders, and given the volcanic series of scams that the politician-businessman nexus has thrown up in India in recent times, he will be hard pressed to avoid reference. \"I do know that corruption is an issue (in this country). I will not make a direct reference to it, however, I do have an exercise that I call muscle-testing where I explain how telling a lie can weaken your body,\" Canfield says. \"Each time you engage in practices that are not aligned with your highest values, you do pay a physical price.\" Practically, it remains to be seen whether the threat of mild indigestion or insomnia can deter corporate climbers.Since 1993, the Chicken Soup series has spawned a range of 225-plus books, television programmes, DVDs and merchandise. Contributors from India figure on the list of people who have shared their stories as well.Canfield now does eight or nine books a year and the latest surge in sales comes from China no less, where the Chicken Soup series is textbook reading for schoolchildren. \"It is the Chinese who have driven our sales to 325 million copies,\" he laughs.Yet, sporadic criticism over the efficacy of the self-help genre makes Canfield ride a disclaimer. He, along with Oprah Winfrey, had endorsed a book named The Secret by Rhonda Byrnes where the author insisted that wealth comes to those who wish for it, eschewing factors like hard work, application, even luck. As a result, thousands of readers began to buy things without having the means to pay for it, believing money would follow. \"Self-help books work for some people sometimes,\" says Canfield. \"I am a big believer in not spending money until you have it. It is one thing to be positive and optimistic, quite another to be delusional.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12629155", "title": "Assamese doctor's schizophrenia documentary goes global", "text": "GUWAHATI: A London-based Assamese general medical practitioner's documentary film \"From London with love, a doctor's message home\" has been selected for screening at New York International Film Festival to be held at Los Angeles, America from April 12 to 19. Dr Ranen Sarma's documentary film will be screened on the concluding day of the New York International Film Festival, 2012.The organizers of the film festival decided to screen the documentary film as it focuses on true stories that reveal the sufferings of millions of schizophrenics in India and also shows people families how to cope with the challenge of schizophrenia.The documentary film shows how the low-cost but effective 'shared care' treatment has been introduced by doctors to transform the lives of schizophrenics in Assam. The documentary film focuses on the symptoms of schizophrenia and gives basic tips on dealing with the disease, which mostly affects people in the age group of 15 to 30.Guided by Sarma's principle, general health practitioners and psychiatrists at Barpeta in lower Assam, Misa in Nagaon district and Konwarpur in upper Assam's Sivasagar district are offering to treat schizophrenia patients for lower-than-usual fees. In the shared care policy, a general medical practitioner is constantly in touch with a psychiatrist on the condition of the patient.The 'shared care' policy put forward by Dr Sarma in Assam is on the lines of a policy by the same name implemented by the British government in England. Sarma is hopeful that the new approach to treat the mentally-ill by a general medical practitioner and a psychiatrist in India will heal millions of schizophrenics in a country where it can take over 100 years for the government alone to treat the mentally-ill.\"From London with love, a doctor's message home\" is a documentary film based on Ahir Bhairab (Songs of the Dawn). It is also the first Assamese drama to be filmed in England. The 26-minute documentary portrays the pain of schizophrenics, create awareness among the people and shows that mental illness is totally curable,\" said Pankaj Thakur, writer of Ahir Bhairab.Ahir Bhairab, a film on schizophrenics, was also produced by Sarma and the film was a prize winner of the New York Film Festival. The film Ahir Bhairab has been accepted by the British Film Institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12635483", "title": "Tamannah practical outlook on Heroines !", "text": "It is often considered that the heroines are there for filling the glamour quotient and provide visual delight to the audience. However, times are changing and the presence and character of leading ladies has been on the rise. But here is one girl who has given a very practical outlook of a heroine's position.She is none other than the milky white beauty Tamannah. Recently she was sharing her thoughts when she reportedly mentioned that for the success of any film, the first place is given to the hero and the second place is given to the villain. Tammu added that it is only the third place that goes to the heroine.She maintained that it is very rare that heroines get due weightage as the heroes. However, the pretty starlet maintained that she cannot get into women-centric roles as they are very challenging and tough to pull off at the box office. Currently, Tamannah is busy with 'Rebel' and 'Cameraman Ganga Toh Rambabu'.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12629075", "title": "Govt inspired by philosophy of Tagore, says Gogoi", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday said the various programmes and welfare measures undertaken by the state government are inspired by Kabiguru Rabindranath Tagore's philosophy of humanism.Inaugurating a programme to mark the end of the year-long celebration of Tagore's 150th birth anniversary, the chief minister said his philosophy's relevance is growing with the passing of time. \"Most welfare measures of our government - including uplift of women and people belonging to underprivileged sections of society - are inspired by Tagore's teachings. We understand that poverty is present in the state, but our government continues to take huge strides to overcome this curse by following the teachings of the Kabiguru\", said Gogoi.He said the government has a lot to do by following the teachings of Tagore in the field of agriculture and community development. \"He was not only the greatest son of India but greatest in the world. Although Tagore hailed from the family of a zamindar in Bengal, he was against exploitation. He was a great humanitarian and wanted peace to prevail across the world\", the chief minister said.At the function organised by Assam government at the Town Club ground in Silchar, the CM said the country, and Assam in particular, needs peace as it is a catalyst for prosperity, he added. Gogoi also recalled Tagore's proximity with Assam and Meghalaya and his creativity in the diverse fields of art, literature, education and country's freedom movement.He said the programme in Silchar will help spread the message of Tagore in this part of the country. The final programme commemorating the end of the year-long programme in Assam will be centrally held in Guwahati in May, he added. While, Cachar deputy commissioner Harendra Kumar Dev Mahanta welcomed the gathering, those addressed the function include Assam minister for the department of culture Pranati Phukan, irrigation minister Ardhendu Dey, PHE minister Gautom Roy, sports and excise minister Ajit Singh and Silchar MP Kabindra Purkayasthya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630636", "title": "Remote control miraculously mutes Parkinson's afflictions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dr R N Joshi's life is governed by a remote control, literally. One moment he is sitting relaxed, talking, his body movement extremely fluid and normal. Then, a button on the remote control is switched off, and Dr Joshi becomes stiff like a lifeless statue. The button is pressed again and the docotr's body springs back to life, as he begins to move again normally and resumes his talk from where he left.The miraculous changes in Dr Joshi's demeanor at the click of a button on a remote control need to be seen to be believed. He is extremely possessive about the battery run control device. \"This is my life. Otherwise, I am just an active mind trapped in a disabled body\", says the health official with the district panchayat in Godhra.At 48, Dr Joshi is a young patient of Parkinson's, a disease generally believed to afflict the old. Life took a shaky turn for him when his hands started becoming stiff and his fingers began losing movement seven years ago. Suddenly, he realized his body was not responding to his brain commands. His muscles would cramp and his speech started altering. Being a doctor, he self-diagnosed his problem as Parkinson's disease (PD).The diagnosis, however, could do little towards finding a way to battle the movement disorders he was experiencing and also was advancing aggressively.which in four years reached a condition when he could not even lift a finger. The side-effects of the medicines were also severe. His entire body would shake so severely that he would even fall off from the chair on which he was sitting. Having an intelligent mind trapped in a disabled body, Dr Joshi started feeling his life was worse than hell till he heard about Mumbai-based doctor Paresh Doshi, experimenting with the first-ever Deep Brain Stimulation (PDS) surgery for PD patients and he got operated a year and a half ago. \"I am 80 per cent all right. I can live a normal life\", says Joshi.Dr Paresh Doshi who is a pioneer of DBS said, \"Deep brain stimulation is a surgical procedure in which an electrode is implanted deep in the part of the brain that controls movement of a body. \"The stimulation delivered to this electrode is controlled by a device called a pulse generator. While this surgery is recommended to patients that have been suffering from the disease for a long time, partly immune to the medicines given to them, or in the advanced stages of the disease, this surgery has shown good results in controlling the involuntary movements in the patients. The surgery is not a cure but it helps restore life back for patients\", says Dr Doshi.STORY-IICentre for advance surgery for PDAhmedabad: On World Parkinson's Day on Wednesday, the Sterling Hospital launched the department of stereotactic and functional neurosurgery in association with internationally renowned neurosurgeon Dr Paresh Doshi. This will be the first department in the state to offer advance brain surgeries to treat Parkinson's disease among other neurological movement disorders.\"Parkinson's is the second most common degenerative neurological disorder after Alzheimer's. A team comprising neurology and neurosurgery experts - Dr Paresh Doshi, Dr Sudhir Shah and Dr Parimal Tripathi will head the first functional neurosurgical department in the state\", Rajiv Sharma, CEO of Sterling Hospital said.Dr Paresh Doshi is in-charge of 'Functional and Stereotactic Neurosurgery' at Jaslok Hospital &amp; Research Centre - Mumbai, and has performed the highest number of functional neurosurgical procedures in India, including more than 300 movement disorder surgeries to his credit. Dr Doshi is the first surgeon in India to perform 'Deep Brain Stimulation Therapy'.\"Functional neurosurgery offers surgical treatment of movement disorders, the most common being Parkinson's disease; uncontrolled epilepsy, spasticity ( cerebral palsy ), chronic pain and psychiatric disorders. So far, these diseases were managed only by medical treatment but advances in neurosciences have made surgical therapies for these diseases possible,\" Dr Doshi said.Dr Parimal Tripathi, director, department of neurosurgery said \"Functional neurosurgery will offer vastly improved quality of life to more than 1,00,000 people in Gujarat, who suffer from neurological movement disorders.\"Dr Sudhir Shah, director of neurosciences said, \"Ten per cent of Parkinson's patients are young people in their 40s. The main symptoms are trembling of one hand, arm, or leg, which may progress to affect the limbs on the opposite side with muscle stiffness and slowness of movements and problems with balance. The face may become less expressive. Sufferers also experience mood disturbances, depression , shuffling gait, problems with speech and cognition, and difficulties with sleep\", said Dr Shah. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629749", "title": "Irrigation politics leaves Raj Bhavan high and dry", "text": "NAGPUR: The gubernatorial post is traditionally kept at a safe distance from party politics. But happenings in, and outside, Mumbai's Governor House over the last few days have drawn the high post into a political vortex.It all started with NCP supremo Sharad Pawar deviating from his characteristic restraint, and criticizing governor K Sankaranarayanan publicly at a party event for not paying attention to the plight of western Maharashtra, where some districts are reeling under drought-like situation currently. He actually wanted the governor to tour these areas and direct the government to speed up relief measures. An embarrassed Sankaranarayanan was then forced to convene an official meeting and take stock of the situation.Apparently, this did not satisfy the western Maharashtra leaders. On Tuesday, a 21-member strong all party delegation of legislators from western Maharashtra led by senior-most member Ganpatrao Deshmukh trooped into Raj Bhavan in Mumbai. They were seeking Sankaranarayanan's intervention to facilitate completion of 'last mile' irrigation projects to alleviate the drought situation in the region.They complained that a large amount of irrigation funds were being spent to liquidate the backlog in Vidarbha and Marathwada, ignoring the legitimate claim of the drought prone areas in other regions. Deshmukh went on to urge the governor to allot additional funds to facilitate completion of irrigation projects which are nearing completion.Then, on Wednesday, displaying rare alacrity, a 45-member group of all-party legislators from Vidarbha and Marathwada led by MLA Dr Anil Bonde (Morshi) met the governor at Raj Bhavan and congratulated him for doing justice to Vidarbha and Marathwada through directives using his special powers under Article 371 (2).The delegation though complained to the governor that attempts were being made to divert irrigation funds from Vidarbha and Marathwada to western Maharashtra in the name of scarcity situation. Members of the delegation pointed out that people's representatives from western Maharashtra are insisting on taking taluka as a unit for determination of backlog. This was despite a clear mandate under Art 371 (2) that 'region', and not taluka, is to be taken as the basic unit for determining imbalance in development.They also demanded that the governor's directives prohibiting taking up of any new irrigation projects, except in the Godavari valley region of Vidarbha, should be scrupulously implemented.In what is now being seen as a snub to NCP supremo Pawar, Sankaranarayanan assured the delegation from Vidarbha and Marathwada that they need not have any apprehension about diversion of funds. He made it clear that the government was free to increase the size of its budget, but he would exercise his special powers to distribute them as per Art 371(2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629205", "title": "DIAL warns of closure unless charges go up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd (DIAL) on Tuesday warned that it might be forced to shut down in a couple of months unless the government approves the 774% hike in airport charges sought by it at the earliest and defaulting airlines like Air India and Kingfisher start clearing their dues. The Airport Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) had approved a 334% hike in airport charges at Delhi from April but the new charges have not kicked in yet. And AI's dues have mounted to Rs 450 crore, while Kingfisher owes DIAL Rs 75 crore.\"We are incurring a monthly loss of about Rs 40 crore. AI has not only defaulted on payment of aeronautical charges but has also not transferred the airport development fees that it has been collecting from passengers on behalf of the airport. The government is aware of the situation and we are hoping for some relief. However, the payment needs to be made now and not sometime in the future by when we would have already wound up operations,\" said Sidharth Kapur, chief financial officer, Delhi International Airport (P) Ltd (DIAL).DIAL is likely to suffer a loss of around Rs 900-1,000 crore in the current financial year. Apart from airlines not paying on time, these losses were mainly because of delay in hiking airport tariff by AERA, said Kapur. DIAL has a long-term debt of Rs 5,300 crore and pays interest at the rate of 10%-10.5%.While AI says it can pay only after getting equity infusion from the government, passengers can expect to shell out a lot more when the airport charges rise. A delay in implementing the hike, say AERA sources, will only mean higher rise. \"If implemented on April 1, the hike would have been 334%. Now if the hike is from June 1 or 15, the percentage would be 360% and 370%, respectively,\" said sources.Apart from higher charges, the new regime would also see a new thing called user development fee (UDF) getting introduced. The proposal is, on an average, for charging a UDF of Rs1,300-1,400 from international passengers and Rs 600 from domestic passengers. The UDF for transiting passengers is Rs 800 and Rs 360 for international and domestic flyers respectively.DIAL officials said the airport's day-to-day operations could be affected within the next couple of months as banks have also stopped lending it money. DIAL has asked the government for Rs 300 crore as ad hoc payment. Officials said even cash-strapped Kingfisher Airlines is paying Rs 40-50 lakh a day to the airport in the form of user charges but AI is their \"biggest problem by far\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12630485", "title": "Persistence is secret of success: Naukri founder", "text": "KOCHI: Persistence is the best kept secret behind a person's success and defines Naukri.com's success as well, said its founder Sanjeev Bikhchandani. He was delivering a lecture at a meeting organized by TiE Kerala in Kochi on Monday. \"The best kept secret of my success is persistence,\" Bikhchandani told a rapt audience. \"We had bootstrapped for 10 years.The second secret of success lies in building great teams and sharing power with them. I have been able to attract great people to work for me.The third secret is solving an unresolved problem; by doing this, we got a lot of traffic without spending much on marketing. The fourth is innovation. We started small, became profitable, and then scaled up,\" Bikhchandani said, as he described how his startup grew into a company with a market capitalization of Rs 3,000 crore. Naukri.com, which logged revenues of Rs 400 crore in 2011-12, currently has 2.5 crore resumes on its database and growing at 12,000 resumes per day. Answering questions from the audience, Bikhchandani said the next big hurdle in the coming decade would be quality assessment of candidates. Last year, only 1.2 lakh new resumes were posted on Naukri.com.\"People exaggerate things on their resumes. You have to verify their claims with referees. These are some of the unresolved problems, but solving it on a mass scale poses the real challenge,\" he said.Bikhchandani also said the middle class in India doesn't bring up children as entrepreneurs.\"Delhi, where I was brought up, was mainly a government city. People worked for the government and children were brought up to study hard, and always reminded that they don't have money to inherit.Now, on visits to schools when I ask students how many of their parents work for the government or quasi-government agencies, 70% raise their hands.Young people from here are trained to be civil servants and managers, not entrepreneurs,\" he said.Bikhchandani's parents had migrated from Sindh in Pakistan during the Partition. His father, before getting a scholarship to continue his medical education in Agra, had to spend months in a refugee camp to survive. He later worked as a dermatologist with the government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12631044", "title": "Plan breach glare on city shopping mall", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has issued show-cause notice to a shopping mall for deviations in construction plan, officials said.The BMC asked for an explanation after its engineering wing pointed out discrepancy in use of space by the private party developing the mall at Unit II. \"We have served a show cause. After receipt of the reply, we will take action,\" said BMC deputy commissioner Krushna Prasad Pati.Pati said there were various kinds of violations such as constructing stalls in places which were supposed to remain open space as per the agreed layout. The developer has reportedly offered far less shops to BMC than was decided in the agreement.The mall built on a 70,000 sq ft built-up area was supposed to have a roof-top parking for 70 cars. Automobile lift was supposed to lift cars from right side entrance of the mall to the terrace. There are shops on four floors: basement, ground, first and second. A promoter of the mall feigned ignorance about the notice and said the mall had not deviated from the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12629185", "title": "State ready for Bihu festivities", "text": "JORHAT: With only a few days left for Rongali Bihu, the people of Assam are gearing up to celebrate the festival with gaiety and fervour. Preparations are in full swing in every nook and corner here to celebrate one of Assam's biggest festivals that mark the New Year in the Assamese calendar.\"We are all looking forward to celebrate Rongali Bihu at the historic Ranghar Bakori on April 14. We are planning to demonstrate the various culture and traditions of the various ethnic tribes of the state here on the occasion of Rongali Bihu,\" Aswini Chetia, organizer of Brihattar Rongpur Rongali Bihu Sanmilan and advisor of All Tai Ahom Students' Union said.He added, \"We are attempting to spread the message of the Ahom rulers, that is, unity in diversity this Bihu. Our day-long programme will start with a cultural procession from the historic Talatolghor to Rongghor. An exhibition showcasing the different cultures of tribes like Mishing, Kachari, Nepali, Naga, Arunachali, Golaporia, Nolboria will be held. Tai research scholar Puspa Gogoi, artists Nipon Goswami and Bishnu Kharghoria are also scheduled to participate in the exhibition,\" he said, adding that in Sivasagar, about 10 bihu sanmilans in the town and about 80 in other parts of the district are being organized by various organizing committees.Monjit Changmy, president of North-west Jorhat bihu sanmilan, said, \"We have organized a two-day programme from April 28. We are organizing various bihu-related competitions like Bihu Kunwari on the occasion of Rongali bihu. We have invited more than 10 selected husori teams from across the state to demonstrate bihu dance in our programme.\"The president of the 33 year bihu organizing committee added, \"In Jorhat, over 100 bihu sanmilans, including the Central Jorhat Bihu Sanmilan, Kenduguri Bihu Sanmilan, Gormur Bihu Sanmilan have been organized.\"Babul Bora, director of Soraighat bihu team of Jorhat said the group will demonstrate their dances in about 30 pandals this year. \"A team comprising 10 girls and 14 boys are practicing for the dance programmes,\" he said adding that the group has been participating in dance programmes held all over the country for 12 years now.In Golaghat too, about 80 bihu sanmilans are being organized. Ajoy Bhalari, an organizer of Brihattor Golaghat Bihu Sanmilan said they have organized a three-day programme from April 15 for Rongali bihu.\"Our three-day programme will have bihu dance, bihu and other folk song competition, sports and a traditional dress competition. An interaction and a cultural function is also being organized where artists from Manipur and Nagaland will participate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630459", "title": "Depressed man sets himself on fire, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 60-year-old man set himself on fire at his house in Royapettah on Wednesday. The incident took place around 12.30pm.Police claimed the man, Inbasekaran, was depressed and committed suicide by setting himself on fire after pouring kerosene on his body. Inbasekaran worked as an air-conditioner mechanic and lived in a rented house in Royapettah.A few construction labourers working on the third floor of a house nearby saw the man setting ablaze and informed residents. They rushed to the terrace and put out the fire. He was taken to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital where he was declared dead on arrival.Inbasekaran's son Sarath Babu told police that Inbasekaran was being treated at a private hospital for his depression . Based on a complaint by Inbasekaran's wife Sumathi, police have registered a case and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631654", "title": "Govt agrees to fare panel, taxi rides may get costlier", "text": "MUMBAI: Hailing a cab in the city may become costlier as the state government has agreed to form a new taxi trade fare committee.The moves came after a taxi union threatened to go on a strike from May 2.Shailesh Sharma, secretary in the transport department, said: \"We agreed to consider the demand after the taxi union claimed that the formula devised by the Hakim committee was 15 years old and had to be replaced.\"A L Quadros, general secretary of the Mumbai Taximen Union, welcomed the government move but remained non-committal on withdrawal of the strike. \"The state has agreed in principle to appoint the committee. However, a final decision on withdrawing the May 2 strike call will be taken only after a notification is issued.\"An industry expert said the natural outcome of setting up such a committee would be a hike in taxi fares.The taxi union had also demanded a hike in the base fare-from Rs 17 to Rs 20-and a Rs 2 increase for every subsequent kilometre. \"We hope the trade fare committee will do justice to our needs,\" said Quadros.The union demanded the formation of a new trade fare panel on the grounds that the dynamics of the taxi business had changed due to a steady increase in the cost of living, higher maintenance expenses and a steep premium for third-party insurance, etc.Transport expert Ashok Datar said: \"I am not against a new formula for taxi fares, but it should be a transparent process.\"Key auto meetAsked about the demand for a trade fare committee for autorickshaws, Shailesh Sharma, secretary in the transport department, said: \"A decision will be taken only after discussions are held with representatives of autorickhaw operators on Thursday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12631102", "title": "Stricter norms for Assisted Reproductive Technology clinics", "text": "JAIPUR: All clinics in India, involved in treating infertility through procedures like artificial insemination with husband's semen (AIH) or in-vitro fertilization-embryo transfer (IVF), will now have to get registered in the country's first National Registry of Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) clinics in India.In order to regulate the ART trade in India, the Union health ministry and the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) are setting up the Registry \"with a view to providing appropriate help and assistance to all those who are engaged in taking care of infertility problems in the country.\"All clinics practicing techniques such as Artificial Insemination with Donor Semen (AID), Gamete Intrafallopian Tube Transfer (GIFT), Tubal Embryo Transfer (TET), Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection (ICSI), Testicular Sperm Aspiration (TESA), Testicular Sperm Extraction (TESE) or processing or storage of gametes (sperm and oocyte) and or embryos will have to be part of the Registry.Each registrant will be given a unique registration number by the ICMR that could be used by the registrant for any legitimate purpose.ICMR estimates that 15% of couples around the world are infertile, making infertility as one of the most prevalent medical problems with enormous social implications. In India, infertility widely carries with it a social stigma.\"With the enormous advances in medicine and medical technologies, 85% of the cases of infertility can be taken care of through medicines, surgery and/or the new medical technologies such as IVF or ICSI. Most of the new technologies aimed at taking care of infertility involve handling of the gamete - spermatozoa or the ooctye - outside the body. They also often involve the donation of spermatozoa or oocyte, or the use of a surrogate mother who would be carrying a baby with whom she has no biological relationship. These technologies not only require expertise, but also open up many avenues for unethical practices that can affect adversely the recipient of the treatment, medically, socially and legally,\" ICMR said.It added, \"The last 20-odd years have seen an exponential growth of infertility clinics that use techniques. As of today, anyone can open infertility or ART clinic; no permission is required to do so. There has been, consequently a mushrooming of such clinics around the country. In public interest therefore, it has become important to regulate the functioning of such clinics to ensure that the services provided are ethical and that the medical, social and legal rights of all those concerned are protected.\"The ICMR's ART Bill, 2010, has put in place several important provisions. It says a woman acting as surrogate mother in India cannot be less than 21 years or over 35 years. Also, she cannot give more than five live births, including her own children.No surrogate mother shall undergo embryo transfer more than three times for the same couple. If a surrogate mother is married, the consent of her spouse is mandatory. Only Indian citizens can be considered for surrogacy. No ART bank or clinic can send an Indian citizen for surrogacy abroad. Strict confidentiality has to be maintained about the donor's identity.A would-be surrogate mother will be duty bound not to engage in any act that could harm the fetus during pregnancy and the baby after birth.Besides, no woman can be treated with gametes or embryos derived from the gametes of more than one man or woman during any one treatment cycle. An ART clinic cannot mix semen from two individuals before use. \"Now, if the sperm count is less in a semen sample, it is mixed with multiple samples for a good count. This is unethical, and won't be allowed,\" experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631353", "title": "Housing regulatory bill tabled is watered down: Activists", "text": "MUMBAI: The government on Wednesday tabled the Housing Regulatory Bill in the Maharashtra assembly. The new legislation will protect the interests of flat purchasers from errant builders, but critics called the proposed Bill a watereddown draft because it has left out provisions for criminal proceedings against builders who do not comply with the proposed law. The proposed Bill is likely to be discussed in the ongoing budget session of the assembly but is unlikely to be passed during the course of this session ending April 20. \"Even the Union ministry of housing has refused to dilute the provisions for direct jail terms in case of non-compliance. But this bill has reduced that penalty into a punitive fine (Rs 1,000 up to Rs 1 crore),\" said Ramesh Prabhu, chairman, Maharashtra Societies Welfare Association.Officials said the legislation includes provisions to initiate criminal proceedings under the IPC. \"As it is, not a single prosecution of errant builders has taken place under the Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act. With this provision to initiate action under IPC, we have simplified the lengthy procedure of prosecution,\" said minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir . It proposes to set up a Housing Regulatory Authority and a Housing Appellate Tribunal to protect \"public interest\" and monitor the \"conduct and integrity\" of promoters, builders and those engaged in the construction industry. Builders failing to comply could be fined up to Rs 1 crore. While housing activists claimed the proposed Bill is a diluted version of the original draft, the developers' lobby called it harsh and a \"needless interference\" in their business.It also allows for sale of car parks in the guise of open area, called independent or utility area. This, activists say, is contrary to an SC ruling that an area not included as part of the FSI cannot be sold as car park. Ahir said that since the DCR governed by the BMC does not have provisions to restrict sale of car parks, the state was ensuring the grey area was covered in case of an agreement between developers and buyers for such a sale. \"We are willing to have a healthy debate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629732", "title": "Demonstration on low-cost solar pumpsets at Nitish's village today", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar seems to be a strong votary of green systems. After it was decided to light up his official residence 1 Anne Marg with solar energy and Rs 4.5 crore was sanctioned for the purpose by the state cabinet, his native village Kalyanbigha in Nalanda district will witness a demonstration of low-cost solar pumpset on Thursday. The initiative in this regard has been taken by Greenpeace India.Representatives from Bihar Renewable Energy Development Agency (BREDA), Bihar Rural Livelihoods Project (BRLP), Bihar Renewable Energy Development Support Network (BREDSN) and NABARD will be present on the occasion.The solar pumpset is designed for marginal farmers having 0.5-2 acres of land. However, this can also be upgraded to cover larger farms, said campaigner (climate and energy), Greenpeace India, Arpana Udupa.It is a submersible, as against surface mounted, direct current (DC) pump, and no inverter or battery is required. Its output ranges from 600 to 2000 liters per hour and the pump can be used for nine hours per day depending on availability of sunlight, Udupa told TOI.With widespread power shortage in Bihar, farmers have to depend heavily on diesel for irrigation purposes, a costly and polluting energy source. Hence, a cost-effective solution is the need of the hour.Greenpeace has recommended that decentralized renewable energy solutions such as the low-cost solar pumpset be brought under the ambit of government's agriculture roadmap to ensure Rainbow revolution in the state. A scheme should be launched to promote such solutions, Udupa added.A solar pump-powered drip irrigation system can enable a farmer to grow at least three crops in a year. This system is simple, low cost, highly sustainable and non-polluting, and also saves 75% water, 70% labour and still yields 30% higher harvest. Conservation of water with drip irrigation helps the water table remain high, as a result of which wells do not dry up in summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631718", "title": "Vice-chancellorcould keep post beyond term", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vice-chancellor of Panjab University Ranbir Chander Sobti is likely to keep the post even after his term expires in July 2012 as vice-president of India and PU Chancellor Hamid Ansari has put on hold the search committee's hunt for a new VC.A letter sent by the chancellor's office to PU registrar A K Bhandari mentions that central government's advice will be sought to check if University Grants Commission (UGC) norms are being adhered to in constituting the search committee. \"The expert committee has been requested to await the receipt of such advice from the government before proceeding further in the matter,\" it says.The move follows queries that the constitution of the expert committee is not in accordance with the UGC regulations on minimum qualifications for appointment of teachers and other academic staff in universities and colleges and measures for the maintenance of standards in higher education 2010.Certain teachers had written to the chancellor raising concern on inclusion of PU senate member I S Chadha in the search committee. They allege that norms have not been followed in creating the expert committee. Formed by the chancellor on February 9, 2012, the committee includes retired Justice Leila Seth as convener and Dr P Rama Rao and ambassador Chadha as members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629518", "title": "SC questions NGO's U-turn on Maran", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday sought an explanation from the NGO Telecom Watchdog for the recent U-turn on its persistent demand for CBI investigations into ex-telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran's role in the alleged coercive transfer of C Sivasankaran's stake in Aircel to Malaysia-based Maxis group and post-transfer showering of official favours, followed by the foreign entity's quid pro quo.The court had asked the CBI to investigate into the Aircel controversy as well as alleged irregularities in spectrum allocation during the NDA regime on a plea by another NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL).But the CBI on Wednesday moved an application saying Telecom Watchdog secretary Anil Kumar, who had also demanded a probe against Maran, had now written to the CBI director, giving a clean chit to Maran.Moving the application, senior advocate K K Venugopal told a bench of justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan that on February 6 Kumar wrote to the CBI director, saying Maran was innocent in the deal and that Sivasankaran was a fraud. The counsel said this could be an attempt to interfere in the court-monitored investigations.The bench went through the contents of the letter and issued notice to Kumar, asking him to file an affidavit within a week explaining why he made an attempt to give a clean chit to Maran and also wrote an article in a magazine with identical content.\"After going through the contents of the letter, we direct Anil Kumar, secretary of Telecom Watchdog, to file an affidavit and disclose why on February 6, 2012, he wrote a letter to the CBI director virtually exonerating Maran and accusing Sivasankaran, who was shown as a victim in an earlier application,\" the bench said.Venugopal said, apart from interference in the court-monitored probe, Kumar's letter also reflected the real so-called public interest being espoused by the NGO. This would leave Kumar with a lot of explaining to do to bridge the gap between his previous action on the controversy and his present conduct, especially when the agency was in the last lap of completing the probe into the Aircel row.The other NGO, CPIL, had filed documents drawing the court's attention to the inordinate delay - from 2004 to 2006 - in the Department of Telecom (DoT) in entertaining the Sivasankaran-owned firm's repeated pleas for grant of mobile service licences.\"Aircel's owner Sivasankaran had been writing to Maran to resolve the issue, but nothing actually moved. Feeling harassed, Sivasankaran was forced into selling Aircel at a discounted price. In March 2006, Maxis group - owned by Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan - bought a 74% stake in Aircel. The company got FIPB approval in May, 2006,\" it had said.\"In November 2006, DoT issued 14 LoIs (Letters of Intent) to Aircel, and all of them were converted into licences in December 2006. Within three months of this, Maran's family-owned business (Sun TV) received substantial investment from Maxis group (Aircel) by taking just 20% equity in Sun Direct, which had not much business at that time,\" the petitioner had alleged.Maxis group invested a total of Rs 599.01 crore in Sun Direct between December 2007 and December 2009, in addition to another investment of Rs 111 crore in the FM radio operations controlled by the Maran group, it had alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12630993", "title": "Govt to verify fresh 'polio' case in Koraput", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Negating the tall claims of the government that India and Odisha are polio-free, a suspected case was detected in an interior village of Koraput district. A three-year-old tribal girl in Kathpada panchayat of Boipariguda block had a paralytic attack and could not walk properly since then. But doctors are yet to confirm it as polio.Health minister Prasanna Acharya said \"Odisha is a polio-free state as no incident of polio has been detected in the state in the last three years. This case has not been confirmed as polio. We have asked for reports from the chief district medical officer of Koraput and to collect the child's samples and send it for testing immediately.\"Sub-divisional medical officer of Jeypore Dadhi Baman Tripathy said, \"We came to know about the case from media reports and a team of doctors have been sent to the spot to examine the case.\"According to sources, the affected child Raila is daughter of Saheb Khila in Tikarjodi village. The baby was fine during birth but later suffered from paralysis and could not stand or walk properly. However, the baby had never administered any polio drop nor was taken to the hospital, sources said.The last polio case in India was detected in West Bengal in January 2011 and in Odisha in September 2008. As per government claims, each year more than 170 million children under the age of five are vaccinated in two national immunization campaigns, with up to 70 million children in the highest-risk areas vaccinated multiple times in additional special campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629497", "title": "Stung by Kudankulam stir, government seeks details from foreign entities in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: All foreign companies and organizations, including NGOs, having offices in India will be under close watch as they will have to mandatorily provide details of employees, including those engaged to liaison work, to the Union home ministry at regular intervals.Although such details of their employees are provided when visas are sought, foreign companies will now have to give particulars of specific nature of work and 'contacts' in various ministries or Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs) to the government once a year.The circular issued by the government is being read in the backdrop of controversies over foreign nationals participating in political activities like protests against Indian nuclear projects at Kudankulam in Tamil Nadu and Jaitapur in Maharashtra.The home ministry circular asks all foreign entities, including NGOs, to furnish the details. The home ministry is probing the role of foreign NGOs and the allegation that the money they sent to Indian entities in Tamil Nadu was used to sustain the stir against the Kudankulam project.\"The allegation that some foreign entities were also involved in funding Indian NGOs for fanning agitations like at Kudankulam nuclear project in Tamil Nadu has also highlighted the need for such a direction from the government,\" said an official.He said the circular has been sent to various ministries, including the ministry of communication, asking them to ensure security clearance before foreign entities set up liaison, branches or project offices in India.The ministry has come out with a fresh two-page form which all foreign entities are required to fill. The form seeks details of the employees working with the Indian office, besides asking them to provide details of foreign nationals who had visited India from that firm.The new circular also seeks details from the foreign entities whether they had any contact with civil society, trusts or NGOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629686", "title": "State pins hope on German investment", "text": "KOLKATA: Stressing on the government's pro-industry image, commerce minister Partha Chatterjee and finance minister on Wednesday held a meeting with a German delegation, led by German federal minister for transport, building and urban affairs Peter Ramshuer and the country's consul general in Kolkata Rainer Schmiedchen.\"We discussed roping in German investors for improving infrastructure in Bengal. Our discussions focused on urban development and setting up of manufacturing units, which can generate employment in the state,\" Chatterjee said after the meeting. He added that discussions were also held on bringing in German companies in the automobile and aviation sectors to invest in the state.Chatterjee further said that the German minister was content with the discussions. \"He has promised to provide all support and will try his best to bring in investors,\" Chatterjee said.This was Ramshuer's third visit to India and he had come down to Bengal to find out the atmosphere under the new government and if it is congenial for German investors. A number of German companies had earlier expressed their desire to set up their units in the state but the flow of investments received a setback following the exit of Tata Motors from Singur. tnn Metro Cash and Carry is one of the leading German firms that had earlier set up shop in the city some five years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631611", "title": "17-year-old dies of swine flu in Aurangabad", "text": "PUNE: A 17-year-old youth from Jalna succumbed to H1N1 influenza at a government medical college hospital in Aurangabad on Wednesday. With this, the state's swine flu death toll has gone up to 17.State epidemiologist Pradip Awate said the boy had been suffering from a kidney ailment. This is the fourth swine flu death outside Pune. Nashik has already reported three casualties so far. The virus has claimed 13 lives in Pune district since March 14 - eight in Pune and five in Pimpri-Chinchwad.On Wednesday, 11 more people - eight from Pune and three from Pimpri-Chinchwad - tested positive for the infection.The condition of the three critically-ill patients in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad remains unchanged, a health official said. \"They are on ventilator support,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631904", "title": "Post offices to sell 24 carat gold coins", "text": "The sale of 24 carat gold coins in the post offices began after an inaugral ceremony held in the Head Post Office at Cantonment on Wednesday.Procession: Activists of Adarsh Bhartiya Sangh carried out a peaceful procession from Maheshpur to Shivdaspur in support of undisrupt flow of Ganga and its cleanliess.Prize Distribution: The Rajbhasha Vibhag of Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) organised its annual prize distribution ceremony at Sthaniya Kirti Kaksha on Tuesday. Apart from 20 officers,17 winners of various hindi writing competitions were felicitated on the occasion.Lecture: In view of Brain Awareness Week, Brain Research Centre, department of Zoology, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) organised a one-day lecture on 'Psychological Power of Human Brain' at Prof SP Ray-Chaudhari Hall, department of Zoology, BHU on Tuesday.The programme selected science students of class XII from different schools of the district who participated and presented posters related to brain and nervous system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630848", "title": "Schools' recognition cancelled", "text": "BHOPAL: The schools who have not applied for recognition in the education portal of the state education department yet would now have their recognition cancelled by the government. An order to this effect was issued by Shobhit Jain, mission director Rajya Shiksha Kendra on Wednesday.The order states that those primary and middle schools who have not yet applied for recognition on the online portal would now have their licenses cancelled. There are as many as 450 such schools in the state capital while 6,540 schools stand to lose their recognition all over the state.The order also states that the District Education Officers (DEOs) and the District Project Coordinators (DPCs) would issue notices to the concerned schools and they are to be shut down by April 30. If the schools do not shut down by the given date then action would be taken against them.There are as many as 2256 schools in Bhopal and 34, 982 schools all over the state.The order also states that the students studying in such schools are to be shifted in the nearby government or private schools so that they should not suffer. This also has to be done immediately so they do not lose any academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12631087", "title": "Good food leads to better attendance", "text": "AURANGABAD: The centralised kitchen facility of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (Iskcon) Food Relief Foundation, which has been providing quality mid-day meals cooked in hygienic and mostly automated set up, has helped increase attendance at Aurangabad municipal schools by almost 1,500 in past two months.Over 19,000 students of 78 municipal corporation schools in Aurangabad have been getting mid-day meals prepared in hygienic conditions at the kitchen set up in Aurangabad's Chikalthana MIDC area, since February 1, 2012.When the civic body realised that local NGOs and self help groups were not meeting the norms of the mid-day meal scheme, municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar and project director Vijay Jaware roped in the Iskcon Food Relief Foundation, which was already providing such services to Mumbai municipal corporation schools.Subsequently, they signed a three-year agreement and Iskcon set up a Rs 2-crore facility, including kitchen with modern cooking equipment like boilers, a staff of 60 people, and seven delivery vans to cater to the civic schools spread across the city, covering a distance of up to 22 km.\"We were not satisfied with the performance of the self help groups as many of them had to be kept under constant vigil and most of the time didn't meet our expectations,\" said Bhapkar while speaking with TOI on Wednesday.\"We had not received any complaints of food poisoning against the groups involved in the mid-day meal scheme, but we nonetheless approached Iskcon, who agreed to set up a state-of-the-art kitchen with modern facilities. They are putting in their own money to meet the requirement,'' Bhapkar told TOI.He also said that though the schools were closing down for vacations on April 13, it has been a good experience for nearly two-and-a-half months. \"We recorded an increase in attendance by 1,000-1,500 in our schools that have a total strength of 19,520. We hope to see good response to the mid-day meal scheme and further increase in attendance,\" Bhapkar said.The general body of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) had unanimously approved the proposal in October 2011 and subsequently an agreement was signed, said Vijay Jaware, the project director. Jaware said, \"This programme has been a success and we are getting enquiries from different places about implementing the mid-day meal scheme.''\"We fix a menu for a month and communicate it in writing to all the 78 schools well in advance. The menu includes six types of khichdis, pulao with vegetables like beans, potato and carrot, and pulses in addition to supplementary food like chikki and rajgira laddu. These items are served in combination so that kids don't get bored with a single type of preparation,'' said Sudarshan Potbhare, branch manager of the Iskcon Food Relief Foundation in Aurangabad.The 5,000 sq ft kitchen is situated on a plot of nearly 15,000 sq ft, he said. \"Everything is hygienically prepared in the central kitchen with minimum human interference. The kitchen starts at 3 am and by 8 am the first batch of meals is ready and is taken in air-tight containers with average capacity of 10 kg to schools, where it is distributed. The next batch is dispatched by 11 am and it reaches the school by recess time between 1 pm and 2 pm so that the meal is served hot. We get the containers back by 3.45 pm and the cleaning process starts as per hygiene norms.\"He said that the government provided them rice and a sum of Rs 2.80 per primary school student while Rs 3.85 is paid for every student of std V to VII.Meanwhile, Hemlata Bhuyar, headmistress at the N-7 municipal school said, \"The attendance has increased, as most of the students come from a poor background and mainly belong to families of daily wage labourers. It's not the khichdi alone; students are paying more attention to their studies also.\"The centralised kitchen facility started in Mumbai when the foundation opened its kitchen for Mumbai municipal corporation school in Mira Road area having 1,500 students in 2004. \"Now we have four kitchens in Mumbai and from each set up over 65,000 children are served mid-day meals\", Potbhare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629562", "title": "Marriages tie traffic in knots", "text": "NAGPUR: While it's band baaja baraat for some, for the rest it is all about road blockades and slow moving traffic. Marriage season throws traffic off gear in the city where motorists already have enough traffic woes on their platter.On Tuesday, motorists driving on Zingabai Takli road had a tough time reaching their destination as the only road connecting Zingabai Takli and Katol Ring Road was blocked and transformed into a dinning hall for a marriage party.The asphalt was covered by green carpets and rows of chairs were placed on either side, making the roads out of bounds for countless motorists and local residents. The residents of the 60-odd houses and several housing estates dotting either side of the road had to face many difficulties as entrance to their premises were blocked by curtains.Though, blocking a road is a punishable act under the motor vehicle act, roads are openly blocked for marriage feasts. Nagpurians have started to accept this as a common practice and many complaint, said a senior citizen, Mahesh Raut.Increase in the number of marriages on particular days and dearth of halls or steep rental price in the city are major reasons behind the problem, said another resident Ramesh Wankhede.According to him, earlier there were open spaces at every street which were being converted into marriage pandals and dining halls. But construction of tightly packed houses in all areas has left no scope for any open space. Also, families want to celebrate the occasion in their own locality. They don't understand that blocking public road is an offence and one has to take permission to hold rallies or functions on road,\" said Dilip Hake, a Gokulpeth resident.However, if someone tries to protest against the blockades they are told that it's the tradition of Nagpur.Police officials admit that a large number of marriage processions are done without police permission. \"As marriage processions do not provide data regarding their route chart and time of procession to the police, these processions usually create traffic problems,\" said a senior inspector (traffic). He, however, added that if any person come across such illegal blocking can register complaint at police control room 100 or at 0712- 2561222. Besides, complaint can also be lodged at 101.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12631019", "title": "Tremors trigger panic in twin cities", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Panic gripped the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack following tremors on Wednesday afternoon in the aftermath of a massive earthquake in Indonesia.People in multi-storeyed apartments and those working in high rise buildings rushed out in panic after they felt the tremors, while people on ground and first floors did not feel the shivers.\"Furniture, glasses and tea cups on the table started trembling all of a sudden. My colleague and I looked at each other and started rushing down without saying anything. People from other offices were also screaming and running down stairs in panic,\" said Amar Kumar Das, who works in an office in the multi-storeyed Fortune Tower building in the Bhubaneswar.\"The first tremor was felt around 2.30 pm and the second one was at 4.35 pm. I was on the sixth floor and felt the tremors clearly. Some of my colleagues were so frightened that they did not go upstairs for over an hour in fear of more aftershocks,\" said D P Das, working in the multi-storeyed SBI office.Ranjita Mishra, a housewife staying in the fifth floor of an apartment, said, \"I was washing utensils when suddenly my legs started trembling and some plates fell down from the stand. I went to the balcony and saw everyone was running down stairs. Our lift had also stopped working at that time so we all came down through the stairs.\"Soon after the tremors, rumors spread around the city that glasses of shops had cracked and lifts stuck up in some shopping malls and a number of people went to see the sights. Electricity was out in some areas for a few hours.The situation was similar in Cuttack. \"I was studying in my room when I suddenly saw that my study table was shaking. I ran out of the house to save my life,\" said Ashok Parida, a student residing in CDA area.\"I was working in my office and suddenly I realized that everything was shaking. Without wasting time, I ran out of the building,\" said Soumitra Parida, a bank employee. Fearing another earthquake, people were reluctant to return home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12629826", "title": "From Hussainiwala to Panchkula, fest marks 25yrs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When the Parade Ground at Panchkula turns into an entertainment hub this Friday, abuzz with 10,000-odd VIPs from across the country, it would not be without a slice of history.Twenty five years after Rajiv Gandhi, on his first trip to Punjab as the then prime minister, had announced the setting up of a culture centre, the three-day song and dance festival has come up as an antidote to the strife that marked the state.\"Today, we see problems in Punjab.... one day we will bring colour and life back here,\" Rajiv, then 40, had told a gathering of nearly 10,000 people in Hussainiwala near Ferozepur in 1985 - a year after Operation Bluestar. Two years after his announcement, North Zone Cultural Centre in Patiala had emerged as the first regional cultural centre set up by the Union government to preserve and promote the cultural heritage of the country.On April 13, the Rs 10-crore extravaganza will mark the 25th anniversary of the Patiala centre, with a 35-minute power packed performance of Jhoomar - the quintessential Punjabi dance form which will be watched by the late prime minister's wife Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .\"We have chosen Jhoomar for Soniaji and the PM, as it is the only authentic Punjabi dance form here with roots from Sindh in Pakistan. It's a tribute to Rajiv Gandhi, who visited here 25 years ago,\" Bansi Kaul, creative director, told TOI.The event will have performances of Shobhana Narayan, Durga Jasraj and Kiran Seth besides those of 1,873 renowned artists. With both Sonia and Manmohan coming, the event has had its share of VIPs haggling over distribution of 17,000-odd cards, including judges, ministers and chief ministers and civil servants over the last three days. \"We had to send around 10,000 extra cards to print for the VVIPs,\" revealed D S Saroya, director, North Zone Cultural Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12630187", "title": "2 criminals held, robbery bid foiled", "text": "GURGAON: The special cell of Gurgaon police arrested two criminals on Tuesday night when they were hatching a robbery plot in Kherki Dhaula. The two were involved in many robbery and extortion cases in Jind and Sonipat districts.According to the police, the criminals have been identified as Rajesh and Anand, residents of Murthal (Sonipat) and Jind. During the preliminary interrogation, the duo confessed to a robbery of Rs 2 lakh in Jind. Another Rs 5 lakh was looted from Gohana in Sonepat recently.Police have lodged an FIR against the duo and have taken them on police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631749", "title": "Court cannot review cabinet minister's appointment: High court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has ruled that it cannot judicially review the appointment of a cabinet minister, being pleasure of the President or Governor. It dismissed a plea seeking directions to the Prime Minister to advise the President to sack Union minister for law and justice, Salman Khurshid for announcing 9% quota within the 27% reservation provided to Other Backward Castes, if his party was voted to power in 2012 UP assembly polls.\"As the judicial review of withdrawal of pleasure is virtually nil in the case of the minister, therefore, conversely this power cannot be exercised for giving directions to the PM to advise the President to withdraw the pleasure for removal of the minister from his cabinet,\" said a bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi.The court, however, said that as member of the Union cabinet, a minister ordinarily does not and should not make any statement in the nature of policy declaration, which may be viewed to be affront to the practice of collective responsibility. But, it added that the minister appears to have only re-announced the party policy, which might have become a policy of the cabinet if his party was voted to power. The court came across that Congress had made similar mentions in its manifesto during 2002 and 2007 assembly elections and 2009 parliamentary election.Delivering the judgement, Justice Singh noted that the minister had already submitted an unconditional apology to the Election Commission of India. \"In the circumstances, even on the facts, we do not find a ground serious enough to grant indulgence,\" said the judge.A local lawyer, Ashok Pandey, had sought interference of the court for sacking of Khurshid, alleging that his statement on January 8, 2012 during the implementation of the model code of conduct amounted to abuse of office for which he had taken oath under Article 75(4) of the Constitution of India.Additional solicitor general Ashok Nigam contended that appointment of cabinet minister is pleasure of the president, who is not answerable in any court under Article 361.Terming Khurshid's announcement as one of the stray instances, the bench said, \"Some stray instances of over-stepping though may look to disturb the delicate balance in their inter-se-relationship based on mutual respect for each other, which also acts as checks and balances in working of the constitution, but, such instances themselves would not provide sufficient ground for indulgence by court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631696", "title": "Panjab University Students Union supports PhD student\u2019s demand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University Students Union (PUSU) on Wednesday held an agitation to support a PhD student who has been appealing to university officials to change her guide.Mukesh Lata, who is pursuing a PhD from the Punjabi department and has been facing problems in submitting her final thesis, awaits a decision about her guide even though her case was discussed in the senate six months ago.PUSU leader Sumit Goklaney said, \"Submission of final thesis is becoming a major issue for students. If the issue of this student is not taken up in the syndicate meeting on April 18, we will take the matter to higher authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634460", "title": "Kajol and Freida get a makeover", "text": "The thing with personal style is that even a little deviation immediately strikes the eye. And so when we spot ted Kajol walk up for a recent party hosted by a fashion brand, we just couldn't help but notice. Draped in a body hugging single shoulder embellished purple toga dress, the actress and mum of two looked refreshingly different.Kajol who had got into the habit of draping either a Manish Malhotra sari or hiding her post partum weight under layers of ankle length anarkalis showed off her knees for a change. Perhaps the most daring outfit Kajol had worn after she became a mommy, the purple toga reminded us of the dusky diva from the days of Baazigar. Another actress who surprised us was Freida Pinto . At a recent international magazine event, the girl wore a simple flaming cab print Prada , which though pretty was totally unlike her normal wardrobe. With her hair clipped to one side, Freida looked more like she was out for some ice-cream than on the red carpet. She left us wondering about the media-made fashion goddess from the subcontinent, who took over the world more with her fashion than with her films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12629189", "title": "Arunachal bridge linking two districts inaugurated", "text": "ITANAGAR: Union minister of state for defence and chairman of Border Roads Development Board (BRDB) M M Pallam Raju on Monday inaugurated the 720-meter-long Digaru bridge, linking Lohit and Dibang Valley districts of Arunachal Pradesh.The Digaru bridge, the longest bridge ever constructed by Border Roads Organization (BRO), was undertaken by Project Udayak, a defence communique said here on Wednesday. Located in extremely tough terrain, the viaduct fulfilled the long-pending demand of the locals, as well as Army authorities.Owing to inclement weather, the minister's helicopter could not take off for Tezu, but Raju decided to travel by road instead. He travelled for more than five hours and experienced the hardships faced by locals, as well as Army personnel, in the absence of bridges in the foothills of Arunachal Pradesh.Authorities in Dao division made all arrangements for movement of the minister by road and ferry crossings flawlessly despite a short notice. During the road travel, Raju inspected construction of roads and bridges on NH-13 and NH-15, the communique said.After the inauguration, he also inspected a portion of the Trans-Arunachal Highway being constructed by the BRO and visited the Paya Production Centre where pavement work materials are produced. The minister complemented the BRO for excellent work being executed comparable to the international standards despite several constraints. The inauguration ceremony was attended by Lt Gen S Ravi Shankar , DG (Border Roads), Lt Gen Dalbir Singh, GOC, 3 Corps and other civil and military dignitaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12630413", "title": "Something fishy about plant, say Cuncolim locals", "text": "MARGAO: Cuncolim locals are up in arms against a fish meal plant proposed to be set up in the Cuncolim industrial estate, trial production of which has reportedly already commenced.The residents have vowed not allow the plant to begin its operations and have petitioned the authorities seeking closure of the factory forthwith.Sources informed that the plant is being set up in plot number 28 of the Cuncolim industrial estate and is owned United Marine Products.Apprehending a health threat to the lives of the locals, a social activist from Cuncolim, Oscar Martins, has written to the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) to order closure of the plant.\"The trial run (of the plant) is causing immense discomfort to the residents of Cuncolim and appears to be a health threat. (The operator) is also transporting stale fish from Cutbona jetty to the plant which is causing nuisance to the residents,\" Martins wrote in the letter addressed to the member secretary of the GSPCB.It may be recalled that Velim locals had vehemently opposed land acquisition for setting up a fish meal plant near the Cutbona jetty on the grounds that it will lead to air and water pollution. The land acquisition proceedings were subsequently kept in abeyance.United Marine Products, the firm that owns the fish meal plant, however, has maintained it has all the necessary approvals and consents in place. \"If this plant creates any discomfort to the people of Cuncolim, we will shut this plant without any further debate. The effluents produced in the plant will be bio-waste, unlike those of other factories which release chemical effluents. Besides, the effluents will be treated in the most advanced effluent treatment plant. The plant will employ 100% locals from Cuncolim constituency, and auxiliary services will be sourced through locals. Our project is crystal clear and hence we have no fear of inviting a delegation to visit our project, \" the plant management told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630824", "title": "Pain still fresh for Bhoapl gas victims", "text": "BHOPAL: Fearing protests from a section of gas victims, Robert Percival, a member of the now defunct Bhopal memorial hospital trust (BMHT), did not venture out to visit the mini units of the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre ( BMHRC). He was dissuaded by the BMHRC authorities to visit the mini units, part of the gas victims' hospital, here on Wednesday.\"I have been visiting Bhopal for the last 14 years, at least twice a year. It seems to be a part and parcel of the antagonism,\" said a dejected Robert Percival.Protesting against his visit at the hospital in Karond, NGO activist Sadhna Karnik said, \"Robert is part of the lobby which wants to find space in an autonomous body.\" However, Indian council of medical research (ICMR) authorities in the past has indicated that an autonomous body like BHMT is unlikely.\"Robert has inherited the questionable deeds of his father. Misuse of money of the trust has come up in before the Supreme Court too,\" said Satinath Sarangi of Bhopal Group for Information and Action.On his earlier January 2011, junior Percival was greeted with 'shoes and sandals' protesting against his visit.During the day, Robert met with the DG ICMR's advisor Dr V Vijayan. \"It was a private meeting. I have nothing to do with the corpus fund anymore,\" said Percival moved by the refusal of authorities to allow him visit the mini units.Robert is the son of Sir Ian Percival (Ex Solicitor General of UK) who was at the helm of affairs and the sole trustee of this trust before the BHMT came into existence. Ian Percival was the conduit between Union Carbide and the Indian government.\"I am anxious of the direction the BHMRC is heading towards,\" he said, hinting that he may not visit Bhopal as frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630037", "title": "Maharashtra asks Centre to waive Kasab guarding fee", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has approached the Centre to waive the Rs 19.28 crore bill slapped on it by the Indo-Tibetan Police (ITBP) for guarding 26/11 terrorist Ajmal Kasab , lodged in Arthur Road Jail.\"The attacks on Mumbai were a terrorist attack on the nation. Since the attack was on the entire country, the Union government and the state government should take up the responsibility to guard the lone Pakistani terrorist caught alive during the attack. The home department has written a letter to the Union government on the issue, asking the Government of India to waive the bill that ITBP has footed towards security of Kasab,\" home minister R R Patil said in the state legislative council on Wednesday. Patil was replying to a calling attention motion raised by Ramdas Kadam of the Shiv Sena . Kadam raised the issue of overcrowded jails in the state and sought information on how much the state is spending to guard Kasab.Patil said that till date, Rs 34,975 has been spent on food, Rs 1.22 lakh for officials and other staff, and Rs 28,066 on medicine for Kasab. Similarly, for setting up a special jail, the government had to spend Rs 5.25 crore. \"The cost for deployment of central (ITBP) forces has been Rs 19.28 crore,\" Patil added.Jayant Patil (PWP) asked the government to explain the news report that stated that six special cooks were deployed for Kasab. Patil replied, \"No such special cook has been deployed for Kasab. The food served to Kasab is similar to what is served to ordinary prisoners,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631627", "title": "Fitness test must for school buses", "text": "MUMBAI: School buses in Maharashtra will have to undergo a fitness test and submit the certificate before renewing their contracts with educational institutes, home minister RR Patil announced on Wednesday.In addition to this, background checks on school bus drivers will be carried out by the local police in order to deem them fit for the job.Patil said a senior officer from the local police station along with an official of the regional transport office will inspect school buses in their designated area to check if all the safety norms are in place.\"Track record of school bus drivers will also be checked by the police,\" said the minister during a debate in the state assembly on a school bus accident in Navi Mumbai in January this year. Five students were injured in the mishap.Patil has asked the RTO and the police to submit reports on safety norms in school buses to him within the next three months.The announcement has upset school bus owners. \"How many rules does the government expect us to follow? They might as well tell us to stop plying buses,\" said Anil Garg, president of the School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA).The announcement comes a day after SBOA filed a contempt of court application against the transport department before the Bombay high court.\"Track records of drivers are checked when they get their licences, then why follow this routine all over again? Government is coming up with new rules every week and we don't think it is keeping a track of its own announcements,\" said Garg.Pointing out that the government had, a few years ago, announced that it would ban private and illegal vehicles ferrying schoolchildren, Garg said, \"No action has been taken in this matter. There are thousands of vehicles ferrying schoolchildren without proper permits.\"SBOA told TOI that it was ready to follow any rule but there needs to be clarity on the policy so that it is not \"bombarded\" with new rules on a regular basis.\"The worst affected will be the buses plying in rural Maharashtra where getting regular permits itself is difficult. Getting such checks done in these regions will be next to impossible. Instead of coming up with new rules, the government should try plying buses and then question us,\" added Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12630235", "title": "Lakeshore Hospital strike called off", "text": "KOCHI: The one-month-old strike at Lakeshore Hospital was called off on Wednesday. According to the hospital management, the nurses agreed to the terms set by them and would rejoin duty on Thursday. The main demand of the United Nurses Association was to give permanent employment to trainee nurses, but the management stuck to the condition that all trainees have to leave after completion of training and that they would be given due preference while considering their applications for the post of staff nurse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631698", "title": "City boy on school trip drowns in Puducherry", "text": "LUCKNOW: A class IX student of Seth MR Jaipuria School drowned during a school trip to Puducherry on Wednesday afternoon. The boy was identified as Harsh Singh Vats. Following the tragic incident, the camp has been suspended and students are returning home.Jaipuria principal Anju Wal said, \"Thirty-one students along with five teachers, including a swimming coach and school vice-president Anjali Jaipuria, had left for Aurobindo Ashram in Puducherry on Sunday. For two days, the students attended interactive theory lectures on the ashram campus. On Wednesday, they were taken for a field visit. During a visit to a lake, Harsh probably slipped into it and drowned. Our swimming teacher jumped in the lake to save him but Harsh had drowned by then.\" The school sends its students to educational tours twice a year. Harsh's family is in a state of shock. Harsh's father Satya Prakash Singh, who works in the secretariat, was informed about the incident at around 2pm. He was inconsolable and not in the position to talk, when TOI tried to contact the family.\"We got him admitted to Jaipuria last year, but never knew what destiny had in store for us,\" a close relative of SP Singh said. Harsh was the youngest among the three siblings.When asked if the family felt if there was any kind of negligence in the case, Singh said: \"The incident was tragic and unfortunate. And the school authorities have not shrugged off their responsibility till now. The family is not planning to take any action against the school.\" The school will remain closed on Thursday to condole Harsh's untimely demise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629755", "title": "Five from two families arrested for group clash", "text": "NAGPUR: Sadar police have arrested five persons from two families after they clashed at Mangalwari Bazar on Tuesday afternoon. Police said the Madne and Khan families clashed with each other over parking of a handcart used to sell vegetables.Madne family, said police, own a mutton shop at Mangalwari Bazar at Sadar. The Khans sell vegetables on a hand cart. After their daylong trade, the Khans would often leave their cart behind the Madne's shop, which led to the clash. The Madnes would often refuse to allow the Khans to leave their handcart in the space behind their shop, and even push away Khan's cart.Following a heated argument, Abdul Jabbar Khan and his son Sajid along with others thrashed the Madnes with sharp weapon and sticks on Tuesday. The Madne brothers too countered the Khans with equal ferocity. The police had to intervene to stop the fight. Khan and his son Sajid were placed under arrest while three Madne brothers too were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12637346", "title": "Nikhil\u2019s got a whole new look", "text": "Actor Nikhil has a whole new look - a clean-shaven one at that! No, it's not for a new film.The actor got his head tonsured and offered his hair to Lord Venkateshwara in Tirupathi earlier this week. Tweeting about the same, Nikhil posted, \"New look after offering my hair to tirupathi lord venkateshwara... pic on Necklace road 3 am.\" He also uploaded a photo of him with the \"new look\" for his fans.The actor is awaiting the release of his forthcoming flick \" Disco\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "buenos aires", "code": "12631223", "title": "Newborn found alive after 12 hrs in morgue", "text": "BUENOS AIRES: An Argentine woman who insisted on seeing the presumably lifeless body of her premature baby found the infant alive in the drawer of a hospital morgue.Authorities said the girl had spent 12 hours in the refrigerated room at the Perrando de Resistencia hospital in northern Argentina.Analia Bouter told Todo Noticias television that she thought she was hallucinating when she looked at her infant in the morgue drawer and heard a whimper and saw signs of life. Doctors said the girl is now in good condition.The girl was born on April 3 after just six months of pregnancy, and the hospital issued a death certificate , saying she died of unknown causes, Bouter said. She said doctors have told her that \"nobody knows how she could have survived 12 hours in a refrigerated room\".Rafael Sabatinelli, the deputy health secretary of Chaco province where the hospital is located, called the incident \"unfortunate\" , adding that authorities were investigating the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "12629842", "title": "Punjab rights body puts pollution board on notice", "text": "KAPURTHALA: Punjab State Human Rights Commission has issued notices to Punjab Pollution Control Board and Kapurthala deputy commissioner for their reports on pollution in the Kali Bein ahead of Baisakhi.The TOI on Tuesday had highlighted that just ahead of Baisakhi day, which falls on April 13, the sewerage treatment plant of Kapurthala MC has stopped functioning and untreated water is now being thrown into the historic rivulet Kali Bein - where people bathe on Baisakhi day.Full bench of the PSHRC considered the matter and ordered that let the news item be registered as a complaint and asked for the report by May 16. The functioning of STP stopped after Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board handed over the charge of the maintenance of the STP to Kapurthala MC.State government spent crores of rupees on building the STPs. However, this situation of throwing dirty water into the Bein, which was declared Holy by the state government some years back, while bypassing the STP arrived even as principal secretary of the state government and Bein project coordinator Satish Chandra during his visit to the Bein and STPs at Sultanpur Lodhi and Kapurthala in December last year had asked the officials to ensure that STPs worked properly and no untreated water was thrown out.Seechewal has become recognized as Punjab's famous eco-activist, spearheading an anti-river pollution campaign. Through his self-help philosophy, Seechewal had resurrected the Kali Bein rivulet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629588", "title": "Cash looted from cold drinks agency", "text": "PATNA: Armed criminals looted Rs 60,000 from an agency dealing in supply of cold drinks at Mithapur under Jakkanpur police station late on Wednesday evening.Police said the incident took place when the employees of the agency were sitting in the office at around 7.30pm. Four youths entered into the office and took away Rs 60,000 at pistol point.On getting information, the local police reached the spot and started investigation in the case. Jakkanpur SHO Basgeet Ram said raids were on to arrest those involved in the cash loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12631021", "title": "MLA cries foul over cop's 'ignorance'", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP MLA from Jodhpur's Soorsagar constituency Surya Kanta Vyas on Wednesday complained against the lackadaisical attitude of policemen. The MLA was served an arrest warrant by the Mansarovar police at her residence in the morning.She alleged that the two cops who came to arrest her did not know that she was a legislator and seemed equally clueless about the case in which she had been booked.BJP MLA from Jodhpur's Soorsagar constituency raised her voice in the state assembly on Wednesday after she was served an arrest warrant by the Mansarovar police at her residence in the morning. She complained to the speaker and the deputy speaker saying that the two policemen who had come to arrest her did not know that she was a legislator. She also alleged that they did not even know in what case she was wanted.Vyas demanded action in the matter, blaming the 'carelessness of the cops' on poor beat system and poor network of Central Investigation Department of the state police which is authorized to probe against any sitting legislator.A police officer at the Mansarovar police station said the two constables were sent to Vyas' official residence in the morning with an arrest warrant issued by the magistrate court (19) on March 29.\"The warrant was received by the police station on April 9 following which two constables were sent to arrest her. However, when they came to know that the accused is a legislator, they returned,\" said the officer.He added the warrant issued by the court against Vyas was under Section 170 of Rajasthan Municipalities Act. The officer said the arrest warrant did not have any details of the case registered against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631550", "title": "Commuters fume at auto strike call", "text": "Mumbaikars are angry and the target of their ire are autorickshaw drivers, who have once again decided to hold the city to ransom with an indefinite strike from April 16.The agitation has been called to press the autowallahs' demand for a hike in fares and adoption of a new formula to fix tariff in future.While autorickshaw unions have justified the demand for a fare hike citing increased cost of living, higher maintenance expenses and a steep third-party insurance premium, commuters say the real reason behind the agitation is different. They feel the drivers are aggrieved as the RTO has cracked down on practices such as meter-tampering, fare refusal, etc. The auto drivers have also opposing the use of electronic meters and have even unsuccessfully tried to tamper with the same.Roy Jacob, a Ghatkopar resident, said: \"Union leaders never speak on behalf of commuters, who are cheated in broad daylight. Even as the authorities take strong action against drivers for metertampering, they have the audacity to justify their strike call on grounds of a hike in fares, among other demands.\"Commuters have demanded tougher laws to punish drivers for flouting rules.Dr M S Kamath, secretary of Consumer Guidance Society of India, said many people wouldn't mind a hike if the service was up to the mark. \"Everybody feels that fares should be fair. A large number of citizens would not grudge a hike if there was an assurance that the standard of service would also improve.\"As of now, the service is often not up to the mark. Vidya Vaidya,a civic activist from Bandra,found this out when she had to wait for over 30 minutes to catch an auto in Khar.Autos ran empty, but still refused to take passengers, she claimed.Riyaz Ahmed of Kurla said: \"The autowallahs have opposed everything-from fares to e-meters. And now their union has called a strike, adding to the woes of commuters. It seems their union leaders believe in only one thing-might is right.\"Unions, such as the one led by Sharad Rao, have demanded that till the time a revised tariff formula is devised, the state should hike the minimum fare by Rs 5. They have also asked for the formation of a committee to revise fares in future. The unions are also against the use of e-meters.Times ViewThe repeated strikes and agitations call for tough action against autorickshaw operators. The sector has been on the boil ever since the crackdown on racing meters started and coincides with the transport authority's efforts to prevent the commuter from being taken for a ride. This qualifies these agitations as attempts to blackmail the commuter and the administration for the driver's right to cheat, and not as any industrial action by an aggrieved union. The government should crack down on this; a return to the campaign against racing meters could be the first step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12629421", "title": "Poachers kill Kaziranga rhino", "text": "JORHAT: A rhino was killed by poachers at Kaziranga National Park early on Wednesday. Park officials found the animal's carcass at Bagori forest range with its horn chopped off. Twelve persons have been arrested in this regard, park officials saidThe official said: \"We heard gunshots from Bagori forest range at around 1.40 am. We launched an operation and found the carcass of the rhino near Chitolmari forest camp.\" The world heritage site has now lost five rhinos since January 3, when poachers had killed a rhino at northern forest range of the park.The incident comes two days after the national park recorded an increase in rhino population. According to the latest census by state forest department, 2,290 rhinos were found in the park, a significant increase from 2,048 in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "banda aceh", "code": "12630146", "title": "Earthquake-hit Aceh rushes for hills", "text": "BANDA ACEH: Thousands of panic-stricken people packed the streets of Banda Aceh as they streamed out of the city in cars and motorcycles seeking higher ground moments after a massive earthquake measuring 8.6 struck about 434 km southwest of the city on Wednesday.A series of aftershocks, one of them measuring an equally serious 8.2, rattled people further as they packed the streets hoping to find a way out of the city to the hills. There were no immediate reports of casualties in Aceh.Immediately after the temblor struck, a high tsunami alert was issued along the Indian Ocean rim and fears of a wall of waves coming down on the coastal areas looked real. People fled buildings. Terrified residents screamed \"God is great\" as they jumped into cars and motorcycles, clogging streets as they fled.Initial estimates had put the magnitude of the quake at 8.9, but later this was scaled down to 8.6.Quake officials said they feared a tsunami had been generated and that was racing for the Aceh coast. For close to two hours, the city was on the edge. The ground had shaken for four minutes and one resident recalled. \"This isn't the strongest earthquake I have felt, but it simply refused to end.\" Thousands feared a repeat of the deadly 2004 disaster, a similar quake that had devastated the province and killed upwards of 200,000 people.As tsunami fears compounded the quake shock, electricity was cut in Aceh and traffic jams kept getting worse. \"Sirens blared and Koran recitals began in mosques everywhere,\" Reuters reported. There were reports of people jumping from windows in a desperate attempt to escape. Patients poured out on to the streets with drips still attached to their arms.But when the fearsome wall of water failed to hit Aceh for close to two hours, panic seemed to be subsiding. Later, an expert described the quake at Aceh as a strike-slip quake, not a thrust quake. \"In a slip quake, the earth moves horizontally and doesn't displace large volumes of water,\" he said explaining why a tsunami hadn't struck. But, two hours later, a massive aftershock - with a similarly huge magnitude of 8.2 - struck only 110 miles further out to sea, unleashing fresh fears. A new tsunami alert was hoisted.Indonesian president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono moved to calm nerves, saying that there appeared to be no serious casualties and local residents had been taken to safety. He added that \"as of this time there is no threat of tsunami\" - despite an international warning being issued. \"The situation is under control so far. It is a very different situation from 2004 when Aceh was faced with a deadly tsunami,\" he said reassuringly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12629947", "title": "Starlet alleges sexual harassment by cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Arrested Tollywood starlet Tara Chowdary on Wednesday alleged in court that Banjara Hills assistant commissioner of police (ACP) E Shanker Reddy had made indecent proposals to her while she was in police custody. The actor was arrested recently for running a brothel and charged under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA).Tara was produced before the Third Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate court after the completion of her four-day police custody. She was remanded in judicial custody till April 13. Later, she was sent back to the Chanchalguda jail. When the magistrate questioned Tara whether she faced any difficulties during police custody, the sobbing starlet alleged that Shanker Reddy took her in a room and made an indecent proposal.She also alleged that police officers had also telephoned persons who figured in her sleazy CDs and clinched deals with them. Banjara Hills inspector M Sudharshan too had harassed her during police custody, she said.The magistrate asked her to give her allegations in writing so that it could be considered during the next hearing.When contacted, Shanker Reddy refuted the allegations and dismissed them as baseless. \"Tara has had a grudge against me for a long time, but I did my duty,'' he said.Meanwhile, police are looking for Tara's associate Haneef, whom they suspect worked as her technical aide in recording videos and audio conversation with some important clients.According to sources, Haneef was the person who fixed secret cameras and microphones in her flat at Navodaya Colony in Banjara Hills. \"After recording the videos, he used to transfer the same on a laptop and burn them into CDs,\" an investigating officer said.Police have seized 90 such CDs containing videos and Tara's laptop containing hundreds of audio conversation recordings of her clients. In addition to recording the audio-visuals of clients, Haneef along with his associate Mannu from Mumbai also used to take care of Tara's personal security. \"The duo even threatened some clients who refused to follow the diktats of Tara,\" a Banjara Hills officer said.After analyzing the audio and video recordings found at Tara's house, police said that the clientele of Tara comprised high profile people. Sources said that the list includes Congress MPs from coastal AP, North Telangana, two Telangana TDP MLAs, several police personnel and businessmen.Police have launched a man-hunt to nab Haneef and Mannu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12630398", "title": "Accused gets bail: Bicholim murder case", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has granted conditional bail to Santosh Raut, who allegedly conspired with his daughter Snehal Gaonkar to kidnap and murder a minor girl, Utkarsha Parab from Bicholim, in 2010.The prosecution alleged that Raut's daughter Snehal had wrongfully confined and assaulted the victim. It is suspected that Snehal administered poison through a soft drink and the victim was admitted to Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim. Utkarsha expired on July 25, 2010. It was alleged that Raut opened the door of the house where Utkarsha was found when her father went with the police.Appearing on behalf of the accused, advocate Arun D'Sa said, \"There is nothing on record to establish that there was any prior meeting of minds before the incident on July 16, 2010, which could purport to establish that there was any conspiracy between all the accused in the commission of the alleged crime.\"However, public prosecutor Carlos Ferreira pointed out that the keys were found with the petitioner and that itself discloses that he was a party to the conspiracy which resulted in the death of the victim.\"Prima facie there is no motive attributed to the petitioner for committing the alleged crime,\" the court observed while granting bail to Raut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12622941", "title": "Rani impresses Anurag with Aiyya", "text": "Rani Mukherjee is back in form. The actress impressed the entire Aiyya team including producer Anurag Kashyap.Rather than signing just glamorous roles, Rani Mukherjee is happy to play few but remarkable characters through in her forthcoming films. We heard that Rani Mukherjee, who plays a Marathi girl in Anurag Kashyap's home production, managed to impress everyone on the sets including her producer.According to a unit hand, the actress is fun on the sets which is why she is everyone's favorite. Apart from shots the actress enjoys speaking in Marathi even when the camera is not rolling. So with her spot boys to director Sachin Kundalkar, Rani is heard conversing in Marathin.Rani has given a fabulous performance of a middle class Marathi girl who woos the stranger she desires as he smells good. She has been paired opposite Malayalam actor Prithviraj.Producer Anurag Kashyap is too impressed by her performance. We hear he is even planning to have a naughty double meaning song for Rani. Let's hope her character and the film does wonders at the box office too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12633763", "title": "Bob Biswas now on TV", "text": "A clerk by day transforms into a deadly contract killer by night, actually, any time of day... Actor Saswata Chatterjee's iconic assassin act, Bob Biswas, in \"Kahaani\" has become larger than the film and director Sujoy Ghosh isn't complaining. So much so, plans are afoot to take Bob's character to the next level as lead in a television serial.Already, a graphic novel has been dedicated to him. When contacted, the director sounded both intrigued and worried, \"Bob Biswas has most definitely exceeded the popularity of Kahaani. Poor Saswata has lost his identity. He is addressed as Bob wherever he goes.\"So is Bob getting a second life? Said Sujoy, \"Audiences have adopted Bob. I get suggestions on how to take his character forward from youngsters on the Internet. Bob isn't your suave, gun-toting, cool killer. He is an overweight insurance agent. We didn't give Bob a family life. But he probably goes back to a family after killing. He probably needs a second income to support his family. That's why he does the killings. I don't know... These are the details that need to be fleshed out. And we're working on it.\"While Sujoy isn't too forthcoming, we know a TV serial expanding Bob's life as a workingclass assassin is being worked on. Ghosh only says, \"The idea is being worked on,\" pointing out it won't be easy for Bob to relocate from Kolkata to Mumbai.Meanwhile, Saswata says, \"The only problem with a TV serial is you never know where it will go. Suppose they decide to make Bob a pathosladen victim of circumstances, who goes home to his ailing mother after the killings, it would be rather sad for the character. I'd like Bob to be taken further only if the content justifies his renewal. I've spent my entire life in Kolkata. My nine-year-old daughter, Hiya, studies here. My wife Mohua is a teacher. I can't wrench them out of their environment. But I can easily travel between Kolkata and Mumbai.\"Incidentally, Hiya hasn't seen \"Kahaani\". \"She'd be shocked to see me killing people. I'll show it to her when she's older,\" concludes 'Bob'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12629894", "title": "Jeweller, aide robbed, killed in public view", "text": "MUMBAI: In a daring robbery-murder, four armed men brutally stabbed a 38-year-old jeweller and his employee on the foot overbridge near Malad station a little after 5pm on Wednesday and escaped with a bag of jewels the duo was carrying. Even as shocked people looked on, the robbers ran down the bridge, stopped an auto and escaped in it after forcing the driver out at gunpoint.While police are still to ascertain the exact value of the jewels robbed, it is believed to be between 8 and 10kg of gold.Wholesale jeweller Paras Parmar and his employee Hemant Mehta, 32, used to bring ornaments from Zaveri Bazaar and supply them to shops in the western suburbs.The duo, both residents of Raheja Township in Malad (east), had delivered some ornaments at Natraj Market in Malad (west) and were on their way to delivering the rest to shops in the east when they were attacked.\"Four masked men approached Parmar and Mehta and repeatedly stabbed them with choppers and knives on their chest and legs. The robbers must have followed the victims some distance before striking,\" deputy commissioner Mahesh Patil said. As Parmar and Mehta collapsed in a pool of blood, chaos broke out on the bridge which is lined with hawkers. Parmar and Mehta were rushed to Ashoka Hospital in Malad, where they were declared dead. Doctors said the duo had died of severe bleeding.The auto in which the robbers drove away towards Liberty Garden was later found abandoned. The police are recording the driver's statement. Also, eyewitnesses to the incident, which include hawkers and eunuchs, are also being quizzed. \"The involvement of an insider, who may have tipped off the robbers, cannot be ruled out. The victims regularly used the route and the accused seem to be aware of this. The foot overbridge could have been chosen instead of a market street as it has comparatively fewer people,\" a senior official said.Police officials said the victims could have been carrying a larger amount of gold as business in Zaveri Bazaar had resumed only recently after the strike over tax. Parmar's office is also based in Zaveri Bazaar. The Malad police have registered a case of murder and robbery against four unidentified men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "12634257", "title": "Cloud computing", "text": "DELHI: According to a Microsoft commissioned study conducted by IDC, cloud computing will generate over 2 million jobs in India by 2015. To assist the IT Industry with its problems, Indian Institute of Job Training (IIJT), launched a new course on cloud computing called IT Infrastructure Management Specialist Course (ITIM).The ITIM Specialist Course is offered at all IIJT centres across the country. Extending over ten months, the course duration is 416 hours. Candidates having completed their 10+2, along with A+ and Network+ are eligible to apply to this course.An added advantage would be qualifications in the following domains: MCITP (Microsoft Certified IT Professional), RHCSA (Red Hat Certified System Administrator), RHCE (Red Hat Certified Engineer) or experience as a service engineer for one year.\"The rapid development of data being generated, advances in virtualisation and cloud computing and the convergence of data centre infrastructures are creating high demand for skilled IT professionals. Introducing cutting edge courses like ITIM Specialist Course is testimony to the fact that IIJT always creates industry relevant courses and this is IIJT's commitment towards improving employability of the youth,\" said Ashok Reddy, MD, TeamLease IIJT.Post course completion, students can apply for jobs involving data management and storage management. Highly trained faculty will deliver this cutting edge course. IIJT also trains students through its satellite facility thus providing students with the opportunity to gain access to the best faculty in the country from any IIJT centre.ITIM is a six modules course and the details of all the modules are as below: Module 1: CompTIA Server + (56 Hrs ) Module 2: Storage Essentials, SAN Fundamentals, Backup and Disaster Recovery (100 Hrs) Module 3: Introduction to Cloud Computing, Microsoft Hyper-V and Introduction to Citrix Xen Application Virtualization (80 Hrs) Module 4: Microsoft Cluster Server 2008 (36Hrs) Module 5: Introduction to Data Centre (26Hrs) Module 6: Microsoft SCOM, SCCM, SCVMM and ITIL V3 Foundation (118 Hrs)ITIM covers the management of essential operation components, such as policies, processes, equipment, data, human resources, and external contacts, for overall effectiveness.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636057", "title": "MRIU's techno-cultural fest", "text": "Manav Rachna International University (MRIU) recently hosted its techno-cultural festival 'Spandan 2012' at their college campus in Faridabad.The two-day cultural extravaganza witnessed many exciting events, and saw participation of students from over 500 colleges in events like 2 left feet (dance), Crescendo (music), Dexter's Lab (technical), Abhimanchan (dramatics), Abhivyakti (literary) and Carvya (fine arts). Dr OP Bhalla, chancellor, MRIU, and Prashant and Amit Bhalla were also present to encourage the students.On the second day of the festival, singer KK performed for the students. KK told the audience, \"It is always a great joy to perform at college campuses as the enthusiasm is infectious.\" Dr OP Bhalla said, \"MRIU's annual fest is a splendid platform for its students to interact with peers and participants from other colleges across India and showcase their creative skills and multi-faceted talents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630017", "title": "\u2018Shetty rubbished Palande\u2019s claim\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Police on Wednesday said gangster Santosh Shetty rubbished Vijay Palande's claim that he was part of his gang. Police said Shetty told them that Palande had never worked for his gang and had only met him twice. Shetty told police that he first met Palande in 2000 in Nashik jail when he was arrested in a drug case. Palande was lodged in the jail for the Kalina double murder case.Sources said Shetty told the police that Palande is a cheat and was trying to mislead them. \"Palande after his release from the jail in 2009 had gone to Bangkok and had met Shetty but he did not entertain him much,\" a police officer said.Police also dismissed the theory that Shetty had anything to do with Arun Tikku's murder. \"In 1995, too, Palande in a bid to grab a flat had killed Air India employee Arun Das and his father,'' they said. Shetty is presently in crime branch custody.Meanwhile, in another development, Santosh Shetty's mentor Vijay Shetty alias Vijju has distanced himself from his protege over extortion of money from Mumbai businessmen. On the other hand, Shetty fears that Vijju may secretly join hands with his former mentor Chhota Rajan and plan his execution. Shetty and Rajan are now arch rivals after Shetty killed Rajan's loyal aides Bharat Nepali and Farid Tanashah in 2010.In late nineties, Shetty used to work for Rajan and had even saved him from Thailand's police when Chhota Shakeel's men carried out an attack in Bangkok in 2001. Shetty was deported from Bangkok in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12631793", "title": "Billboards in conflict zones to warn people against jumbo attacks", "text": "COIMBATORE: As part of the ongoing efforts of the forest department to bring down the incidence of human-elephant conflict in Coimbatore forest division, massive warning signs with elaborate instructions, listing the Dos and Don'ts to be followed by residents have been erected along the identified conflict zones.\"We have erected boards with instructions to ensure people in are aware of the measures to be taken to ensure their safety from wild elephants that tend to stray into inhabited zones,\" said V Thirunavukkarasu, Divisional Forest Officer, Coimbatore.The warning signs were erected at major junctions and inner roads in all six major forest ranges in Coimbatore division namely Boluvampatti, Sirumugai, Perianaickenpalayam, Karamadai, Mettupalayam and Coimbatore ranges. As of now as many as 190 warning signs have been erected in these ranges.Some of the instructions mentioned in these boards include those dissuading people from venturing out after dark and sleeping outside their homes at night. It also says to avoid roaming outside in inebriated state during night hours and to report if streetlights are not in working condition. Public has also been advised to carry torch-lights in unavoidable circumstances if they have to go out of their homes in the dark. The contact numbers of the district forest office and also the forest ranger of the particular area are also displayed so that public could inform them if they spot any stray elephants. People have also been advised not to scare elephants away without help from forest officials or animal experts.\"We believe that we could bring down untoward incidents of human-elephant conflict by spreading awareness,\" Thirunavukkarasu added Coimbatore forest division is one of the highly sensitive zones in the state. The presence of numerous human settlements and brick kilns dotting the outer fringes of the forest areas makes it a high risk zone for such incidents. As of now there has been one fatal case reported in the division in 2012 while eight cases were reported in 2011 and 15 in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12630437", "title": "Mapusa JMFC grants bail to pastors", "text": "MAPUSA: The judicial magistrate first class, Mapusa, granted conditional bail to pastors Domnic D'Souza and Jo-An D'Souza on Monday.The court granted the bail on the conditions that the couple should not enter Sodiem-Siolim for the next 60 days and should furnish a personal bond of 15,000 each. The couple has to also report to the police as and when required and should not leave the country without the permission of the court.Earlier, rejecting their bail plea for the second time, the court had sent the D'Souzas to three days of police remand. As the remand ended on Monday, they were produced before the court.Sodiem-Siolim witnessed tense moments on April 8 when the parishioners clashed with the 5 pillars Christian church pastors Domnic D'Souza and Jo-an D'Souza Ministries. The tension began when the parishioners accused pastor Domnic D'Souza of burning fire crackers while mass was going on in the nearby Tropa church on Saturday.The parishioners also accused the D'Souzas of destroying the communal harmony, peace, tranquility and hurting the religious sentiments and social endeavour in the village by organizing their activities at their 5 Pillars Christian church at Sodiem.The police and a contingent of the Indian Reserve Batallion continued to be stationed at the site on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12629207", "title": "Polyester gamochas give tough fight to local product", "text": "GUWAHATI: With Rongali Bihu around the corner, markets are flooded with \"gamochas\" or the bihuaan without which the festival can never be complete. Though cheap polyester-made products are available these days, people still prefer the local stuff.Gamochas are traditional hand-woven towels made of pure cotton sold at Rs 90 to Rs 120. But the similar looking ones are being sold at a much cheaper price, thus confusing the buyers. Though the shopkeepers say the sale of gamochas have been quite satisfactory, the polyester made gamochas are surely a threat to the weavers and even the shopkeepers as a lot of polyester gamochas are being sold as pure cotton gamochas.Minakshi Deka, a stall owner selling gamochas at the NEdfi haat at Ambari, said, \"It is a little difficult to distinguish between local and polyester gamochas. But if you look closely, the one made out of polyester would be a little smoother and it doesn't have the same coarse feel of the pure cotton-made gamochas. But an average buyer would not be able to differentiate.\"Besides, polyester-made gamochas are quite cheap. So, those who are not aware of the difference end up buying the polyester made ones in large numbers.Jamini Deka, a weaver working in Artfed (Assam Apex Weavers' &amp; Artisans' Co-operative Society Ltd) in Bamunimaidam, said, \"It takes one or two days to weave a gamocha and we usually do it with cotton thread. But the polyester or Bangalore-made gamosas use cheap quality cloth so they are cheaper. The local ones are a little expensive. But you have to understand that the price includes labour charge of weavers too. But at the end, you are getting pure stuff.\"She added, \"If a locally made gamocha costs Rs 80 or 90, the other varieties would be available at Rs 40 or 60. But there is a huge difference in quality and the cost of production of local gamochas is a little higher.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631389", "title": "Concert to push healthy lifestyle among youth", "text": "PUNE: The Art of Living (AOL) Foundation, set up by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar , is organizing an Indian music concert at Gandhi Lawns in Kothrud on April 21 to promote a healthy lifestyle among the youth. The proceeds of the event will be used for youth programmes conducted by the AOL.The event, titled Mantras n Beats, will feature fusion artist Vikram Hazra, along with several other artists like DJ Spin and Friends.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, Hazra who is a programme director of Art of Living, said: \"Mantras n Beats is a reflection of how the ancient and the modern coexist and form something that is visionary. Through this concert, we want to encourage the youth to adopt a healthy lifestyle and shun evils like tobacco, alcohol and drugs. We want our youth to excel both in information technology as well as inner transformation.\"\"Our main aim through this concert is to show the youth that one can have as much fun even without using addictive substances. There are a host of NGOs which work for de-addiction but very few which help youth to protect themselves from addiction,\" he said.There will be entry fee for the concert to be held from 7 pm to 9.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631421", "title": "Five bird species in Maharashtra on the verge of extinction", "text": "PUNE: Five species of birds found in Maharashtra are on the verge of extinction. There are 14 species of birds that are critically endangered in the country, according to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List. Of these, seven are found in the state.The birds found in Maharashtra are White-rumped vulture, Indian vulture, Red-headed vulture, Forest owlet and Sociable lapwing. According to IUCN, the three main reasons for the threatened status of these birds were poaching, excessive use of insecticides and loss of habitat.Noted ornithologist Satish Pande told TOI that the listed birds were on the verge of extinction mainly due to habitat loss.The sub-committee constituted under National Board for Wildlife has developed guidelines for threatened species recovery plan, and has also identified Great Indian Bustard, Jerdon's Courser and Nicobar Megapode as threatened bird species. It underlines need of conservation efforts and better management of their habitats on priority basis.Pramod Patil, director Great Indian Bustard Foundation, said that just like species recovery plan developed for Great Indian Bustard, similar initiative should be taken up for other critically endangered species too. Bird species can be protected by involving the local community along with habitat management, he said.Raju Kasambe, head important bird areas programme of Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) and Indian Bird Conservation Network, said BNHS has given inputs for the threatened birds of the world 2012.\"The re-evaluation of the IUCN Red List status of the world's birds is going on. This document is important and accordingly conservation measures can be taken up on priority basis,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12630366", "title": "PIL seeks end to sand quarrying", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday ordered notice to the state government on a PIL seeking to stop sand quarrying along the stretches of rivers Cauvery and Kollidam, which run through Karur, Trichy, Thanjavur, Nagapattinam and Tiruvarur districts.The PIL was filed by Cauvery Neervala Aathara Pathukappu Sangam, an association to protect and preserve natural resources of the Cauvery. According to the petitioner, in 2003, due to over exploitation of sand by a private agency, the state decided to undertake sand quarrying through the Public Works department. Till today, the PWD was quarrying sand throughout Tamil Nadu pursuant to license issued by the district collectors. The petitioner said around 42 sand quarry sites are being operated in Cauvery and Kollidam across the five districts. By giving the collectors license to order sand quarrying the district administrations have allowed indiscriminate exploitation of sand in the Cauvery and Kollidam. Further, a report of the Pollution Control Board was not called for or considered before granting the permissions. Further, the district administrations have not fixed the sand bed level for the rivers before granting permissions. When the matter came up for hearing, the petitioner's counsel M Ajmal Khan said on inspection, we could see unregulated sand mining operations irrespective of quarry. After hearing the submissions, the bench directed the special government pleader, M Govindan, to take notice and file a status report on April 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12631724", "title": "9 artists hurt in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: The thunderstorm on Wednesday brought in its wake destruction in Panchkula too. Nine artists who were working in Parade Ground, Sector 5, for April 13 silver jubilee event of North Zone Cultural Centre (NZCC) suffered minor injuries, as rain collapsed their art work.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chief Sonia Gandhi are scheduled to attend the function.Several pieces of their art work, stage, prime minister's green room, mud walls, paintings, illustrations and lights, among others, were damaged.About 1,500 to 2,000 artists were taken to Indradhanush auditorium, near the ground, to save them from the inclement weather.Undeterred by damages, the organizing team said they would make arrangements anew to put up a great show. \"Everything will be arranged again... we will try our best to hold a good event. Even the artists who have been injured are ready to put in renewed efforts,\" said NZCC director D S Saroya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12632173", "title": "Drivers mourn the donkey, feed people", "text": "MYSORE: It is common for people to mourn the death of pet animals like dogs and cats. But drivers of Saligrama village in Krishnaraj Nagar taluk have not only grieved the death of Subbulakshmi, a donkey, but also organized a mass feeding to mark the vaikunta samaradhane.A year ago, the drivers bought 2 two-month-old donkeys- a male and female- from a cattle market and reared them. As the donkeys are considered a good omen in villages, they named them as Subbu and Subbulakshmi.A fortnight ago, Subbulakshmi was hit by a private bus.Drivers association members, who reared the donkeys and fed them daily with buns and two litres of milk, tried to save it. Subbulakshmi succumbed to injuries on March 30. Drivers conducted poojas and rituals before burying the donkey in front of the association's office.On Tuesday, they organized vaikuntasamaradhane where they fed people. The menu for the occasion included payasam, puliogare, chitranna, mosaranna, papad, and vade. A couple of drivers also tonsured their heads. More than thousand people were fed at a specially erected shamiana.Drivers' association president Kotwal Manju said they reared the donkeys like their sons and daughters and were the most loved ones in the village.Subbulakshmi's death came as a shock to us,''he said adding that they spent more than Rs 30,000 for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12631463", "title": "Starry start for Punjab\u2019s campaign", "text": "CHANDIGARH: IPL-5 may not be getting eyeballs it may have expected this year and as expected Punjab team is back to square one. The only hype the home team used to generate was with Priety Zinta's charming antics but that too has been largely missing. But Preity's fan need not be disappointed as she is slated to arrive for match against Pune. To make up for the missing X-factor she will be accompanied by Abhishek Bachchan . Whether Aishwarya Rai will be tugging along with his hubby is not clear but one thing is clear that on the far corner Preity is sure to find Mohit Burman fiddling with his mobile phone, oblivious to what's going on in field.\"Preity is sure to make an appearance. Abhishek is also expected. We will have plenty of star power to make it count,\" said Punjab team COO Col Arvinder Singh.Apart from making occasional appearances in front of UT's enforcement directorate lately, Preity has been conspicuously missing from the region in the build up to IPL this year.Even during the inaugural press conference where Punjab team formally started the campaign Preity's absence was felt by one and all. Other owners Mohit Burman and Co too have been staying away for one reason or the other.Preity has reportedly admitted that she will not be around for all the matches and will boost the morale of boys on select occasion. While Shah Rukh Khan and other celebrities are regularly seen on TV cheering their teams, Punjab team looks like an orphaned child and finding itself in tatters right in the beginning of the tournament.\"The team has been losing regularly and there is no sheen around it. They may be Kings in name but in real sense they are no better than paupers at the moment. To add to it, Priety Zinta, the only silver lining to the team, has been missing this season. There is absolutely no hype around this team,\" said a disheartened fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12630386", "title": "Woman\u2019s body found in suitcase", "text": "MADURAI: A fully burnt body of a woman was found in a suitcase near Madurai on Wednesday. The suitcase, which was also partially burnt was found behind the bushes in an isolated place near Tiruparankundram. Police are yet to ascertain to identity of the woman as well as the culprits.Police said that they got information about a fully burnt body of a woman found in a suitcase in a bushy area along the side of the road to government hospital in Austinpatti. A team of police officials immediately visited the spot and found that the body was burnt beyond recognition.The police team found the tyre marks of a car close to the body. There were also indications that the body was dragged from the car to the spot where it was dumped. Police suspect that the body must have been brought in the suitcase there and set on fire. The arms of the woman were chopped off to dump the body inside the suitcase.Police said the culprits might have brought the body there after midnight. \"The culprits must have been aware of this locality. The identity of the woman could not be established. But we have picked up certain clues on the vehicle used to bring the body,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631441", "title": "Four killed in separate accidents", "text": "PUNE: Four persons lost their lives in the last two days in accidents at Chandni Chowk, Nigdi and Alandi Road.In one incident, the driver of a six-seater autorickshaw died on the spot when his vehicle was hit by a dumper that was reversing at Chandni Chowk around 6.30 pm on Tuesday. The deceased, Charan Batekar (33), was a resident of Pashan. The Warje Malwadi police arrested the dumper driver Datta Koli (32) of Pashan for negligent driving.The police said that Koli was reversing the vehicle without giving signal to other vehicles, though there was cleaner with him. The dumper hit the autorickshaw, which was just behind it.In another incident, Rahul Dongre (25) of Thergaon, who was riding a scooter triple seat, died after a truck knocked down his vehicle at Bhakti-Shakti Chowk in Nigdi around 5.30 pm on Tuesday. Pillion riders Mahadev Shirsath (48) and his son Vaibhav (16) sustained severe injuries in the accident.The police said that Dongre was working as a security guard in a company at Chinchwad. The police have booked the truck driver for negligent driving. In a hit-and-run case involving a car on Alandi road, Samir Mohammed Ansari (26) of Alandi died on the spot on Monday around 10.30 pm. The incident took place when Ansari was returning home.Hanumant Yenappa Ankusi (35), who had sustained severe injuries in another hit-and-run incident on Alandi Road on April 6, succumbed during treatment on Tuesday at Sassoon hospital. The Vishrantwadi police said that the incident took place around noon, when Ankusi was crossing the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629754", "title": "BSP leader shot at", "text": "KANPUR: Panic prevailed in Rura area of Ramabai Nagar district on Wednesday evening when some miscreants on three motorcycles opened indiscriminate fire at a Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) leader, leaving him wounded. The victim identified as Sharad Shukla, who held a post of district president of BSP, was sitting at a hair cutting salon along with his friend Vishnu Kumar Gautam when he was hit by a bullet.As per reports, BSP leader Sharad Shukla was getting his beard shaved at the salon when the miscreants reached there and after an altercation with Shukla, started manhandling him and later attacked him with the butt of a countrymade firearm. While escaping, they fired several shots at him, leaving him injured.He was later rushed to hospital, where the doctors stated his condition to be out of danger. The locals informed the Rura police.In the meantime, local BSP leaders also reached the spot from where they reached Rura police station and staged a massive protest, following which tension prevailed in the area.The SHO Rura has informed that the victim has sustained pellet injuries and the police are trying to get the details of those involved in murderous attack from the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630149", "title": "Illegal borewells threaten to leave Ameenpur lake dry", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what can spell doom to another water body on the city outskirts, the Ameenpur lake in Patancheru mandal is on the verge of drying up as 36 illegal borewells have come up right inside the lake area. Worse, the water is being drawn continuously with the help of electric pumps only to be transported in tankers for selling. The result is that the lake has now shrunk to less than half its size when compared to what it was a few years ago.It is learnt that the local political leaders in collusion with the officials have been running this illegal activity for a couple of years now. But locals say that since the onset of summer this year, about 10 new borewell pits were dug up to cater to the rising demand for water.A good look at these illegal borewell pumps reveals how easy it is to dry up water bodies in Hyderabad even as the district administration looks the other way. Huge manpower is stationed at the borewell points in order to smoothly oversee the activity of drawing water and its transport to tankers not only during the day but also in the night. The electrical wires are carefully laid through an underground passage and connected to these bore pumps illegally. If that was not enough, seven illegal mineral water plants have also come up on the peripheral areas of this lake which use this water.Social activist Raj Kumar Thakur, who has been fighting for the protection of this lake said, \"This lake is a natural rain water harvesting pit but thanks to this illegal activity it may disappear very soon. Every summer it has been the practice to dig new borewells and draw water out of it. Even after innumerable complaints, officials don't do anything about this issue. Even if they take action, it again resumes within no time.\"From each of this illegal borewell about 15 tankers of water are currently being drawn everyday. The tanker which has a capacity of 5000 litres is sold for anywhere between Rs 1200 and Rs 1500. What is alarming is that the drainage water of the nearby HMT Colony passes through the lake and the bore is dug right in its path which gets mixed with the underground water while drawing.Trying to get any information on those who are involved in the activity proved futile as the workers involved in drawing water refused to let out any names or talk about it.The local officials say all is well. P Yadaiah, Mandal Revenue Officer, Patancheru mandal, argued that the work had stopped. \"We had sent a report to the collector and the SP regarding the lake exploitation. In this regard, we have snapped the illegal electric wires and also stationed officers there. Now even the borewells have been closed and water is not drawn,\" he said. When told work was on in full swing, he said he would send a village revenue officer to the site and find out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630799", "title": "Consumers protest against Bescom hike plan", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Electricty Supply Company (Bescom) has pitched for an average 73 paise hike in the latest tariff revision. But most consumers, starting from small and medium scale industries' associations and a few senior citizens representing residential associations, objected to it at the public hearing on Wednesday.Surprisingly, while all consumers were in favour of Time of Day Metering (cost of power charged when consumption is highest) in the last public hearing in September 2011 and this time too, they did not want Bescom to make it compulsory.KERC chairman MR Sreenivas Murthy assured the associations and consumers that the commission directed Bescom to charge companies consuming more than 1MW which belong to the category of HT (high tension) industries.BMRC told KERC the Centre had a written agreement that the state government will provide electricity for Bangalore on 'no profit, no loss' basis. BMRC representatives also said they are being charged much higher than Delhi metro. \"We are paying Rs 180 per KVA per month while Delhi Metro pays Rs 100 per KVA per month. It started operations in December 2002 and paid the electricity board Rs 75 per KVA per month,\" said BMRC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636623", "title": "Euphoria's song to be aired on VH1 in English", "text": "It's actually a euphoric time for the Indi-pop band Euphoria. The band's single \"CU Later\" from their latest album \"Item\" is going international.The single has been recorded in English as well and there will be a simultaneous telecast of it's Hindi as well as English version on the television channels. \"\"While the Hindi version will be telecast on MTv , the English one will be aired on VH1 ,\"\" says lead singer Palash Sen. \"\"CU Later\"\" is the only Indi-pop song to have been re-recorded in English and aired in its English version on a foreign music channel.'CU Later\"\" is the first song to be dubbed in English also and we have shot its video also with actor-model Evelyn Sharma and and myself,\"\" he adds.The achievement is a big high for the band after the big let-down of not getting permission to perform in Pakistan. \"\" Yes , that was a big disappointment but it's not as we won't go there ever. If invited, we would definitely like to go there again,\"\" says Palash. But expressing discontent at the episode Palash says it's not fair on the Indian artistes. \"\"When we Indians welcome our neighbours with open hearts, I think it's only fair if the gesture should be reciprocated. We were told that our visas were in place but at the last moment one of several NOCs required for a clearance had not been given so we had to cancel our show there. It was a big let down, but we couldn't have done anything else except wring our hands. But we aren't bitter about the experience and we'll go there again if invited.\"\"Talking about their latest album, Palash says it's a satire on the 'item' numbers of Bollywood. \"\"When I see the songs passed of as item numbers, i feel like laughing. If the definition of an item number is a scantily dressed woman gyrating to disco beats is an item song, then God help our music industry. For me, an item number is one which attracts attention. A song which is the focus point in a film, and I don't feel any of our item songs are anything like that. Hence, our album name in which all the nine songs, talking about nine different issues and emotions are items in their own sense. There is a masti song, there is a song of betrayal, then there's a song of lost love, politics, corruption, rich people, how they fill their coffers and not part witha penny for a good cause, it's a satire on all these things. This way the whole album caters to all moods,\"\" explains Palash, teh only Indian pop artiste to have had a book written about him.\"\"Yes, I found it quite silly because books are written about people who are either dying or are already dead. But Ashish Kate, who's written the book was so sweet about it that I agreed to help him with it. And surprisingly my story is quite interesting,\"\" says Palash.Also an actor, we wonder what has happened to Palash's film \"\"Mumbai Cutting\"\" that he had acted in with Lucknow's Samreen Zaidi. \"\"I know it's been a very long time since it's release was announced but your guess is as good as mine as to when it's going to release. Now I don't even ask them about it. Last I got to know about a fortnight ago was that this time the production house is seriously considering releasing the movie. I hope they do or between now and then, nearly two years ago, when the movie was shot, people wouldn't recognise me in the film,\"\" says Palash with a laugh.Which brings us to ask why Euphoria doesn't compose for Bollywood like most of their contemporary bands? \"Because no one asks us,\"\" says Palash candidly. \"\"Frankly speaking, the kind of music we hear in today's film is rather stupid. So why should I do something stupid too? I'd definitely not waste my time doing something creatively dead. I'd rather be a master of my own music and sensibilities and create music which I believe in.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630484", "title": "Youth found hanging, family alleges he was murdered", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old youth found hanging at his house in Koyambedu on Wednesday morning was beaten up by a few neighbours and hung, a petition lodged by the youth's mother has alleged.The youth, Shanthakumar, allegedly entered the bathroom where his neighour's wife was taking bath on Tuesday and was assaulted by her husband. The woman's husband and a few other relatives again attacked him in the night, Thenmozhi's petition said.\"Shanthakumar used to stay in a separate room next to our house. On Wednesday morning, when he didn't wake up, we entered the room and found him hanging,\" Thenmozhi said, \"My son didn't commit suicide, he was beaten and strangled with a rope and hung from the ceiling,\" she said.After preliminary inquiries, police said the woman's husband saw Shanthakumar speaking to her and subsequently the youth was assaulted. There is a possibility of him committing suicide after the incident was exposed, police said. A case was registered under CrPC Section 174 (unnatural death) and the body sent to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital for autopsy.Shanthakumar was employed at a shop in Parry's. \"We will pursue the case after getting the postmortem report,\" a police officer said. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12632098", "title": "Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited told to stop pumping water from Sarapady weir", "text": "MANGALORE: With the district administration directing Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL) management to stop pumping water from Sarapady weir following a drop in water level at Thumbe vented dam to 8.7 ft on Wednesday, the refinery may be heading towards a forced shutdown unless it rained.Though MRPL has employed all water conservation methods at its disposal to avert a forced shutdown, things are getting precarious with the refinery reducing throughput to 85% as on date.The MRPL management is meeting on Thursday to assess the situation.\"We have water to run the plant till Saturday. Thursday's meeting will decide which units to be shut down in case of an emergency and maximize existing water supply at the plant premises,'' said an official.MRPL is now using below three million gallons of water per day (MGD) as against five MGD required for normal operations.\"We have been doing it since ten days. This mode of operation has depleted 4.5 MGD in a week of our inventory in our premises,'' said the official.Deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda confirmed to TOI that MRPL had been directed not to pump water from Sarapady.\"Water from last week's rains at the foothills of Western Ghats is now reaching Thumbe and hence we are able to maintain the level at 8.7 ft. At the moment our priority is water management for drinking purposes,'' he added.To a query whether rain waters may have been blocked at Adda Holey and Ichlampady with bunds by users, DC replied in the negative saying that the possibility was checked and there was no obstruction for flow of water along the route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "12629896", "title": "Tibetan government hails US resolution", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Tibetan parliament-in-exile has expressed appreciation for the US senators for unanimously passing a resolution on Tibet last month in view of spate of tragic self-immolations by Tibetans.The six-point resolution introduced by senators Dianne Feinstein and Joseph Lieberman, \"mourns the death of Tibetans who have self-immolated and deplores the repressive policies targeting Tibetans\".The resolution calls on the Chinese government to suspend implementation of religious control regulations, reassess religious and security policies implemented in Tibet.\"We express our deep appreciation and gratitute to US senators Dianne Feinstein and Joseph Lieberman for their support in passing a six-point resolution for the end to repression in Tibet,\" the Tibetan parliament wrote in letter to senator Dianne Feinstein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631184", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to grant Rs 95 lakh for a film on Savitribai Phule", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Wednesday decided to grant Rs 95 lakh for a film based on social reformer Savitribai Phule.A statement issued by the standing committee after a meeting said that the PMC will be the main producer of the film. The total cost of the film is around Rs 2.6 crore. A multimedia company had approached the PMC for funding for the project.Other important decisions taken in the meeting include approving a tender to construct fire stations at Kharadi, Vishrantwadi, Kondhwa, Hadapsar, Warje, Baner, Kothrud and Bibvewadi. Tenders for road works at Bavdhan and Alandi road were also approved.In a meeting of woman and child welfare committee, the members gave a go ahead to provide facility of electric crematorium free of cost. \"The electric crematorium is more environment-friendly so we have decided to promote it. The move to make it free of cost will help in its promotion,\" said Meenal Sarvade, chairperson of the committee while speaking with reporters.The committee also approved extension to three PMC schools till std X. Of them, two are Marathi medium schools and one is English medium school. Currently, these schools provide education from std I to VII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "housefed complex", "code": "12630839", "title": "Young brigade shows the green way", "text": "HOUSEFED COMPLEX: A young brigade of Housefed Complex in Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar had embarked upon a green mission three years ago. Seeing the deplorable condition of seven parks in their locality, a group of 15 children had joined hands and took to hoe and plough to turn these wastelands into beautiful gardens.As their proverbial will found a way, soon the barren lands became lush green and blooming. Through their efforts they showed that age is no deterrent if one is determined to make a difference. Though they started their journey alone, six months later other members of the society too joined them in their initiative.Yashika Puri, 18, who is the eldest member of the group, said, ''Three years ago, the colony was newly-developed and the parks neglected. We had no place to play or spend some time together with our friends. So, all youngsters joined forces. Our green journey was not easy. We first lifted garbage from the parks and then levelled these. Later, our parents too helped us.''Another member of the group Palkh Dutta, 15, said, ''The ill-maintained parks were an eyesore and so we decided to better these. Elders' support came in later... now, they are also maintaining these green belts.''The youngest member of this group, Muskan Goyal, 8, said, ''After clearing the fields of stones, construction material and garbage, we initiated construction work. At times, we would spend an entire day there, supervising the work.''Rachit Salhotra, 15, said, ''We did it for ourselves and the area residents.''Appreciating their efforts, a businessman and resident of the area, Sanjeev Puri, said, ''The youngsters of our colony have done a wonderful job. The initiative was theirs... we just supported them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629973", "title": "Even strong suspicion can't replace evidence: High court", "text": "NAGPUR: The Aurangabad bench of Bombay High Court has acquitted a death convict while ruling that \"suspicion, howsoever strong, cannot take place of reliable and acceptable piece of evidence.\"An agriculturist from Ahmednagar, Nisar Ramzan Sayyed, 27, had challenged the capital punishment awarded to him by sessions judge on September 22 last year for allegedly killing his wife. He was also found guilty under Section 498-A of IPC and was sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment. On October 29, 2010, the accused and his relatives allegedly set ablaze his wife Sumayya, who was seven months pregnant, along with their three-year-old son.\"Three lives are lost which is a very unfortunate incident. It is condemnable but while dealing with life of the accused we will have to minutely consider, appreciate and scan the evidence. We have considered all the attending circumstances that contributed to the incident. We are not convinced to accept the prosecution case to hold Sayyed for the offence of murder,\" a division bench of justices TV Nalwade and Naresh Patil ruled.Sayyed married Sumayya on March 30, 2007, but started ill-treating her for a dowry of Rs 50,000 from her parents for purchasing an autorickshaw. Based on her two dying declarations, the petitioner along with his relatives were arrested. The lower court later acquitted others while maintaining husband's conviction. The bench flayed the prosecution stating that it failed to convince the court to confirm the death sentence awarded by the trial court.\"The role attributed to the policemen in reaching the hospital and recording the statement of the deceased in absence of directions from superiors and taking signature of the accused on spot panchnama are some strange features in this case. The written dying declarations mention presence of other accused at the doorsteps and do not inspire confidence. This indicates a tendency on part of the deceased to involve more accused persons in view of frustration of family life or the anger against the family members,\" the bench observed.\"After minutely scanning the original record, the dying declarations and the evidence on record we are of the view that, even assuming that prosecution witnesses have recorded the dying declarations or the witnesses deposed in respect of oral dying declarations, the same must not be giving true account of the incident. In other words, these declarations cannot be truthful and inspiring confidence,\" they added before dismissing the government case and allowing the petitioner's appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634462", "title": "Shamna Kasim never intimidated me: Hemanth Menon", "text": "Actor Hemanth Menon might just be four-films-old but he has already romanced two top heroines down south. After playing Bhavana's lover in the 2011 flick Dr Love, the actor is now romancing Shamna Kasim aka Poorna in the upcoming film, Chattakkari, a remake of yesteryear hit, Julie.The film set against a contemporary backdrop has him playing the character called Sasi, the role immortalised by actor Mohan in the original. \"This is a big break in my career as I get to play a flirty, sensuous character the first time in my career. So far, I've played only the decent guy,\" says Hemanth. \"Of course, the modern-day Sasi has been placed against today's social settings and the story has been tweaked accordingly.\" The flick, directed by Santhosh Sethumadhavan, son of director Sethumadhavan who directed the original, has Shamna Kasim playing the title role.Hemanth says the presence of a star as big as Shamna didn't intimidate him in the least. \"She is a talented artist but has no airs. In fact, our camaraderie was such that neither of us felt uncomfortable doing intimate scenes in the film,\" Hemanth states. The shoot of the flick is currently on at Trivandrum. The first schedule was completed in Ooty.Parvathy S Nayar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12629167", "title": "Naga cop awarded by UN commissioner", "text": "KOHIMA: A Naga police officer, serving with the United Nations Mission in Sudan (UNMIS) was presented a medal and a certificate by the United Nations (UN) police commissioner in the presence of other UN dignitaries recently. The medal is only awarded to officials serving in the UN peacekeeping forces in South Sudan for a period not less than six months.The Naga officer, Ben Longkumer, started working with the UNMIS in November 2010. He was initially posted at Maridi in Western Equatoria state and worked as the operations officer in-charge, personnel officer and the team leader of the team site. He was actively involved in developing and strengthening the capacity of the South Sudan Police Services (SSPS) by advising them on policy, planning, and legislative development to enable the SSPS to protect civilians.When South Sudan got its independence in July 9, 2011, Longkumer was rolled over to the new mission- United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS). He was posted at Bentiu State HQ, Unity State as the deputy state advisor in Unity State and was responsible for overall direction, supervision, management and administration of UN police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12631110", "title": "Mild tremors felt in state, no loss reported", "text": "RANCHI: A minor tremor, like several parts of the country, was felt in the state on Wednesday afternoon. People in the high-rise buildings felt the tremors and came out on the streets in panic, while those on the roads and residing on the ground floors hardly felt it.The earthquake, with its epicentre at the west coast of northern Sumatra, was measured at 8.5 on the Richter scale. The first tremor occurred at 2.08 pm and continued for eight to nine seconds. Though this was followed by several other big and small ones, two more were felt across borders.\"A tremor was measured at 6.1 on the Richter scale at 2.58 pm and the other at 8.1 on the Richter scale at 4.13 pm,\" said A Wadood, agriculture physicist and agromet adviser at Birsa Agriculture University.The Ranchi unit of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) director G K Mohanty said tremors were felt in almost every parts of state though it went unnoticed because of its low intensity.\"There are two observatories in state which recorded mild tremors at 2.08 pm but in terms of categorization those were 'slight',\" he said.People rushed out of their multistoried flats and offices in the afternoon. \"We felt the tremors clearly on the third floor and had enough time to realize that it was nothing but earthquake,\" said Nitish Priyadarshi, professor in geology at the Ranchi University.Experts feel that the intensity of the earthquake originating at west coast of the Sumatra islands was absorbed to a great extent by the Indian Ocean there by minimizing the effect by a certain degree.\"The tsunami of December 2004 had also originated in the Sumatra coast but little damage was caused on the eastern coast of the country,\" said Wadood, adding that this time too tremors were felt in the eastern coast but of low intensity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12631976", "title": "When cocaine turned ketamine", "text": "PANAJI: In a major embarrassment to Goa police, cocaine and heroin worth lakhs of rupees allegedly seized from three persons in Anjuna by police in 2010 have turned out to be ketamine. Ketamine is a psychotropic drug and not a narcotic drug.Of the entire amount of 'drugs' seized in the raid, a forensic laboratory report has confirmed that only 24g are charas. This amount is less than the 'small quantity' as defined in the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, which is 100g. The punishment prescribed for small quantity of drugs under the Act is rigorous imprisonment up to 6 months or fine or both. The accused spent over a year in jail, before being bailed out in February this year.Anjuna police had arrested Sanjay Sharma and Natwarlal Yadav on November 29, 2010 at Sorantowado, Anjuna for possessing 115g heroin, 130g cocaine and 24g charas. Police claimed that during interrogation, the accused voluntarily disclosed there were more drugs in their rented room in Anjuna and police recovered 324g of heroin and 62g of cocaine from their room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12636229", "title": "Indian IT cos global preference rating up", "text": "BANGALORE: The percentage of global CIOs (chief information officers) preferring Indian IT vendors for new contracts has moved up to 18% now, from 14% in August 2011, a Barclays CIO survey says.The report attributes this increase to Indian IT's wellrounded knowledge in multiple domains, wide delivery capabilities across onsite, near-shore and offshore locations, quick understanding of client requirements and effective communication (English) skills.\"These attributes work as an open invitation to Indian providers, to compete on a global scale,\" said K Raman, practice head at Tata Strategic Management Group . Clients, he said, are increasingly finding comfort with Indian providers.\"These are the fruits of the hard work and learning that desi providers have put in. Going forward, the global customer confidence will only increase,'' he said.Ankita Vashistha, director for strategy &amp; growth at offshoring advisory Tholons, said that in the last 20 years, Indian providers have worked with more than 90% of the Fortune 500 companies, gaining a huge amount of domain exposure.There are other estimates too that show Indian IT vendors are gaining global marketshare. HCL Technologies CEO Vineet Nayar told TOI late last year that if one were to take the top 10 IT vendors in the world, 5 Indian and 5 global, the Indian vendors had increased their marketshare by four percentage points, to 17%, over a two year period.He attributed that to Indian vendors' ability now to take on total IT outsourcing projects and their closer cultural alignment with the US. He also said global vendors had taken a credibility knock because they had not cooperated with clients to reduce contracted prices during the recession.The Barclays survey finds that the cost-cutting nature of outsourcing projects will continue to drive the strength in the sector amidst tough macro conditions. Responses indicate that overall IT budgets have shown little change over the past 3 months, with 86% falling in the flat to +/-5 % deviation range.The survey finds that reducing the size and scope of existing contracts has become a lesser priority for CIOs. \"There could be stabilization in business visibility and outlook in the coming quarters,\" it says.Strategic investments ( ERP, analytics) having higher billing rates are expected to continue, implying that on a companywide portfolio basis, pricing would remain resilient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629824", "title": "KMC conducts stray cattle catching drive", "text": "KANPUR: The death of an old woman after being knocked down by a stray bull has brought the Kanpur Municipal Corporation on their toes. As a result, stray cattle catching drive was conducted at various city areas on Wednesday. As per the information provided by the KMC officials, more then 13 cattleheads and stray dogs were caught by the cattle and dog catching squads from various locations of the city.Disruption of traffic on roads due to stray animals has become a major cause of concern for daily commuters. A very common sight on all major routes and at prominent crossings is stray animals loitering around in groups and settling down in the middle of the road. This disrupts traffic and leads to traffic jams. Also, many times, cows and bulls lock horns on the road which poses threat to the safety of the passersby.The problem of stray cattle is acute in the dense localities of the city including Bada chauraha, Ghantaghar, Nayaganj, Birhana road, Kidwai Nagar and Govind Nagar. Even VIP areas like Civil Lines and Parvati Bangla Road face disrupted traffic movement due to stray cattle.\"The condition of the city roads has already been deteriorated due to the ongoing work of laying pipelines under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. However, it becomes very difficult for the commuters to negotiate their path whenever hordes of cattle sit on the roads,\" said Priyanka Sharma, a student.Harshit Guatam, a passenger at the Kanpur Central, said: \"Stray animals like cows, bulls and dogs not only hinder movement of passengers on the platforms but also make the place dirty. At times when bulls lock horns with each other, it is the most precarious situation for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12631163", "title": "Extra-marital affair angle to Jharkhand Academic Council employee murder", "text": "RANCHI: A day after the murder of two employees of the Jharkhand Academic Council ( JAC) in the state capital on Tuesday, information about one of the victim's extra-marital affairs have come to the fore. So far the police have recorded the statement of 10 witnesses of which eight are relatives of Gopi, the victim.\"Gopi's fourth wife Mary had got him beaten black and blue following a dispute with him,\" said the officer in-charge of Namkum police station, where an FIR against the unknown assailants was lodged on Tuesday. Gopi had sustained critical injuries. Gopi's relatives had called a panchayat after that. As villagers had sorted out the issue, no FIR was lodged, police said. Witnesses have told police that Gopi had come to know Mary in Delhi. The duo got married and she currently works here. According to Gopi's neighbours who have recorded their statements to the police, Gopi's first wife Kusum had deserted him when she came to know about his extra-marital affairs. Gopi has an 18-year-old daughter, Priti, with Kusum. They live here, too. Soon after his first marriage, Gopi had married Ranchi-based Gauri, and within a few years, he developed intimacy with another city girl Sheela, police said. \"We are trying to find out whether Gopi's marriages had motivated the murders in any way,\" said Hatia additional SP Indrajeet Mahta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631723", "title": "26-year-old daughter of transport officer ends life", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 26-year-old daughter of a deputy transport commissioner shot herself dead with her father's revolver in Sector K of Aliganj on Wednesday morning. The girl was identified as Alakshya Singh, daughter of Sri Krishna Singh. The incident took place between 5.30am and 11am.Alakshya was pursuing Japanese language course for past two years at Mojaayi Institute in New Delhi. However, after problems of depression her family brought her to Lucknow in February. She was undergoing treatment for depression. Though the exact cause of Alakshya taking the extreme step was not known, the police recovered a suicide note which she had written in a diary. The note states:\"Dear Parents, I am sorry I have to leave coz I don't have any way out. I can't hurt you anymore nor myself. I want to come out of this sinful life. God is calling me. and Plz kisi aur ko meri maut ke wajah na samjha jaaye main khud responsible hoon...meri atma ki shaanti chaahte ho to kisi ko tang na kare. Love you my Mom Dad and my bro and sis.\"Since Alakshya used to wake up around 11am, the family members did not enter the room. It was after 11am that the family members entered the room and found Alakshya lying dead. She shot herself in the forehead from her father's .32-bore licensed revolver.In another incident, a 20-year-old youth, identified as Ashish Kumar Raidas, committed suicide in Banthra. The reason behind the suicide was not known. No suicide note was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12630988", "title": "Speaker says Congress legislator did not resign", "text": "JAIPUR: The state assembly witnessed an unusual scene on Wednesday when it was exposed that a ruling party legislator could have misled the House by performing a political stunt just to woo his voters.Speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat revealed to the House that Surajgarh (Jhunjhunu) legislator Shrawan Kumar had not resigned from the assembly on Tuesday. The Congress legislator had waved a paper in his hands in the House and submitted it to the Speaker saying that he was resigning in protest against the state government's decision to recruit teachers separately in each district.\"The paper he gave me yesterday was not a resignation letter; it was something else,\" Speaker Shekhawat informed the House on Wednesday. Shekhawat, however, did not reveal what Kumar's paper contained if it was not about his resignation.The Speaker reserved his decision in the matter when the deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari asked for action against the Congress legislator.Kumar was present in the House when the Speaker called his bluff. Even though the legislator was not heard or seen refuting the Speaker's statement in the House, he later claimed before the media that he had countered it. \"The letter I gave to the Speaker was my resignation,\" Kumar asserted.The assembly witnessed noisy scenes on Tuesday when two ministers and many of the ruling party legislators opposed the ongoing separate recruitment tests for teachers and demanded that these posts, too, be filled through the Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC). Yet another group of legislators supported the separate recruitment pattern. Amidst the arguments, Congress legislator Kumar had tabled a paper before the Speaker and claimed that it was his resignation.The Surajgarh legislator was garlanded by his constituency people when he emerged out of the assembly on Tuesday. People from the Shekhawati region condemned him on Wednesday when the news spread that the legislator had actually not resigned.As Kumar was present in the House on Wednesday despite claiming to have resigned, deputy leader of Opposition Tiwari sought the Speaker's ruling on the matter. \"Assembly procedures' Rule 173 says that the moment a member submits his resignation to the Speaker, it is considered as accepted. As such, an unknown person is sitting in the House right now,\" Tiwari told the Speaker, indicating to Kumar's presence there.The Speaker then replied that what Kumar submitted to him on Tuesday was not his resignation.The legislator, when asked by reporters if he should stop attending the House on moral grounds since he had resigned, Kumar replied, \"Why should I? I will stop going only when the Speaker accepts my resignation.\" A couple of Congress legislators, who did not wish to be quoted, however, said that Kumar's resignation was unlikely to be accepted as the ruling party would not be able to \"afford\" it. \"We too will resign if his resignation is accepted,\" one of these young legislators said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629395", "title": "Health hazard at South Delhi mandi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A visit to Okhla sabzi mandi can make your stomach churn. An unbearable stench given out by rotting vegetables welcomes you to the mandi, which is the distribution point for most markets in south Delhi. If that doesn't put you off, wading through filth and muck certainly will. And after all the hardship, when you make it to your familiar green grocer, you will find swarms of flies comfortably settled on his veggies and fruits.The mandi is of prime importance not just for the people of south Delhi but also that of Ghaziabad, Faridabad and Gurgaon, as retailers from these NCR towns get their stocks from here. And yet, no effort has been made to clean the rot.\"The APMC ( Agricultural Produce Market Committee) hasn't cleaned the market in months. It's so difficult to work in such conditions with flies hovering around you all the time and so much filth on the ground. The showers have only made it worse. I had no option but to hire helpers and get the area around my stall cleaned,\" says a vendor on condition of anonymity. TOI found rotting tomatoes and brinjals lying around his stall and fruit crates stacked outside a public toilet.\"I think they should use the waste to make compost. Organic waste can be used effectively if daily cleaning is done,\" says Shivani Singh, a customer.Mohammed Sufiyan, a wholesaler, says: \"The market is very old; it's been here since 1987. Usually, there's a lot of traffic here as supplies from all over the country come here, but the management is poor. I don't think the market has been cleaned in a long time. There is a mosque close by, so we try to clean it a bit ourselves.\"It's a tad risky to buy veggies and fruits from this market as chances of contamination are high. Physician Dr Praween Kumar says such unhygienic conditions can cause a variety of gastrointestinal diseases. \"Flies transmit infections. And vegetables and fruits kept in such conditions could contain larvae and maggots, which can cause faecal-oral and gastrointestinal diseases like diarrhoea, dysentery, cholera and even typhoid. Often we don't have alternatives so and hence we buy these vegetables; but if we do, we should wash them properly before cooking. If you are eating fruits raw, it may be safer to peel off the skin.\"APMC is in state of denial. \"We have been cleaning the market every day. On Fridays it is washed properly. There is no reason to complain. Since this mandi gets a lot of agricultural produce and the area is huge, it is not always possible to keep every corner clean,\" says Raj Singh, an APMC official.The market gets busy from around 2am when farmers start auctioning their produce. Retailers buy from wholesalers by 7am and head for their areas to sell them. \"We also get individual buyers who buy for their own needs. They prefer the mandi because it offers the best prices. But vegetables are segregated into different lots according to quality and sold at different prices. For instance, fresh peas are sent to places like Defence Colony and sold for Rs 60 per kg while those of a lesser quality can be bought for Rs 30 per kg at Okhla,\" says Sufiyan.Fecal-oral is a of , in which in particles infect people.swarms of flies and other waste is unbearable is more filth and flies hereThe sight of vegetables and fruits may not always be appetizing. Especially if you had been to the Okhla Sabzi mandi to get them. Usually the colourful vibrance of a sabzi mandi is overwhelming. But the excitement of picking up the vegetables you like from the just arrived, fresh lot immediately dies down as you enter this market. Flies and filth take over. You have to navigate through the muck laden market to get to the stalls of your choice. And if you avoid visiting the sabzi mandi, chances are that the vegetable vendor coming to your locality brings the same vegetables from the Okhla mandi.The mandi is the distribution point for most markets in South Delhi. In fact retailers from Ghaziabad, Faridabad and Gurgaon and other parts of NCR also buy vegetables from the mandi. But the waste from rotting vegetables that are leftover has not been cleared for a long time. Flies from waste are now hovering over the fresh fruits and vegetables too.The filth in the market could contaminate your food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12629354", "title": "Discontent propels many to contest from Okhla area", "text": "NEW DELHI: The number of candidates contesting from Okhla and Zakir Nagar municipal wards speaks volumes about the provision of civic amenities and the discontent with the sitting councillors. Fifty-three candidates are contesting from the two wards, which have a predominance of Muslim voters; 28 candidates are standing from Okhla and 25 from Zakir Nagar.\"The councillors have done little work. I hesitate in inviting anyone to my place, what with the drains overflowing and the dhalaos spilling over. We are deprived of basic amenities,\" said Muzaffar Ahmed, a businessman and resident of Shahin Bagh (Okhla). He added, \"We haven't even seen the councillor in five years.\"However, the sitting councillor from Okhla, Jamal-uddin, claims that a lot of work was done during his tenure. \"I am always available and share a good rapport with locals,\" he said. Since the Okhla ward is now reserved for women, his wife, Sameena Begum, is contesting the elections.Residents of Zakir Nagar are likewise fed-up with the mess in the area. They blame sitting councillor Shoaib Danish, who is from the Congress, for the state of affairs. \"This is the first time so many people have filed nominations. The two sitting councillors have failed to provide facilities like roads, sanitation, streetlights, etc,\" said Mahmood Ahmed, a Peace Party candidate from Zakir Nagar.There are several residents who have taken it on themselves to bring about a change. A majority of the candidates are contesting on their own. For nearly four years, 28-year-old Ashu Khan has been devoted to the development of Okhla. He, too, had to field his mother, Naeem Jahan, due to the 50% reservation formula. \"People know what work I have done in the area. They no longer set any store by promises made by political parties due to their poor performance,\" said Khan.Most candidates say the creaking infrastructure propelled them to contest the elections. They feel people are looking for a leader from within their community, as he/she would be well-informed about the problems of the area. \"We are treated simply as a vote bank and nothing is done for our welfare. There are no proper schools in the area. We want a social worker and not a politician to manage the show,\" said Zaina Jabeen who lives in Okhla.\"New floors are getting added to existing structures, but there is hardly any check on the illegal construction. The area is under the grip of a building mafia, and most of the independent candidates are also builders,\" said Saquib Hassan, a resident of Shaheen Bagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12629756", "title": "Bus runs over 2 in Malda", "text": "MALDA: Two persons were killed and 10 injured when a private bus lost control and rammed into a house at Bagua More of Bhado on Wednesday morning. Later, villagers put up a roadblock for two hours to protest against the incident. Police seized the killer vehicle but the driver and helper of the bus managed to escape.Locals said that the Malda-bound private bus first ran over two pedestrians and killed them on the spot. It then drove straight into a house along the road. The front portion of the house , owned by a school teacher, Md Latifur Rahman , was smashed due to the impact. A portion of the verandah and the boundary wall was badly damaged.While 10 bus passengers were injured, nobody in the Mofijuddin's house was injured.The injured were taken to a local health centre and later shifted to Malda District Hospital. The deceased were identified as Sayed Ali, 24, and Md Mofijuddin, 38.To protest against the incident, villagers blocked the road for two hours. They demanded compensation for the victims, repair of roads and a check on rash driving. The blockade was lifted after Ratua Police intervened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12635067", "title": "Defence ministry denies rift with services", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence ministry on Thursday denied reports of any difference with armed forces and said the government is working in harmony with the three services.\"There is no difference at all within the establishment and the armed forces and we are working in harmony,\" minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju told reporters here.He was asked whether there is any role of an insider behind the controversial leakage of Army chief General V K Singh's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Gen Singh's letter on the state of preparedness of the force to the PM was leaked to the media sometime back.\"I do not want to speculate on speculative reports,\" Raju told reporters after inaugurating a national seminar of NCC.Replying to a question on rapid modernisation of military infrastructure by Chinese Army along its border with India, he said efforts are being made to upgrade Indian infrastructure there.\"China's budget is four times that of India so they will definitely have larger resources dedicated to that. But that does not mean that we are under-prepared in anyway. We are also gathering momentum in the way we are acquiring capabilities and the way we are building our infrastructure,\" Raju said.On the purchase of Basic Trainer Aircraft (BTA) Pilatus for the Indian Air Force (IAF), he said, \"There is a procedure for acquisition for anything and because of the shortage of the trainer aircraft, Pilatus will be processed as soon as possible in the urgency of need for trainer aircraft.\"He hoped the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) will take up the issue soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12634953", "title": "Government approves Public Procurement Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Cabinet on Wednesday approved a bill that seeks to regulate government purchases of above Rs 50 lakh through a transparent bidding process.The Cabinet meeting, chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , approved the public procurement bill that has a provision to debar bidders found engaged in corrupt practices, sources said.Currently, there is no overarching legislation governing public procurement by the central government and central public sector enterprises.The General Financial Rules, 2005, govern procurements made by the Centre.The bill provides for a jail term ranging from six months to five years for public servants found guilty of demanding and accepting bribes from bidders of government contracts, the sources added.It is based on the recommendations of Committee on Public Procurement headed by former bureaucrat Vinod Dhall which were accepted by a Group of Ministers to tackle corruption on February 22.The GoM headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee had sent the bill for the approval of the Union Cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629832", "title": "Check tempo menace, DM tells RTO", "text": "KANPUR: To ensure smooth traffic, district magistrate MP Agarwal said on Wednesday that tempo anarchy must be checked. He directed the officials to allow tempos to park at fixed spots in city. He said the tempos that were found flouting norms must be punished with challan and after three challans, their permit must be cancelled.The district magistrate was addressing a review meeting. He also asked the RTO officials to fix the route of tempos and seize the overloaded trucks or other heavy vehicles at the entry points to the city. He directed all additional city magistrates and police officials to keep a vigil on the entry of trucks or heavy vehicles during 'no entry' time and take appropriate action against them.During the meeting he was informed that as many as 11,31,533 ration cards had been issued to the citizens and food grain was being supplied to them on the basis of the ration cards. The district magistrate told officials to crosscheck and verify the distribution of ration cards and cancel those cards that were issued to ineligible persons. He also directed the weight and measurement officer to launch a special campaign against petrol pumps and kerosene wholesale dealers and take effective steps against black marketing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636129", "title": "Mauli Dave is a fitness freak", "text": "The Shakira of Indian music industry -- Mauli Dave who was last seen in Comedy Circus is undoubtedly one of the fittest celebrities in tinsel town today.Be it her curvaceous figure or the fitness she displays every time you see her, Mauli seems to be someone who is in control of her body.  So how does she stay fit? \"\"Fitness means leading an active lifestyle and being healthy.I play tennis and basketball as they are complete cardiovascular activities. Since the past few years I have started running regularly. Running has helped me physically,\"\" says the pretty singer.  The passion she displays about keeping fit is exemplary. Mauli adds, \"\"Staying fit helps me stay calm, positive and feel extremely healthy. I personally feel running is the best form of exercise. I prefer running in the open, amidst nature, not in the gym. Dance is also an important part of my life. I started learning Bharatnatyam at the age of six and also learned and pursued a Diploma in Kuchipudi. So, dance has helped me be flexible, supple and graceful.\"\"  We do agree, Mauli! Now we know what keeps you healthy, wealthy and wise!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12632981", "title": "India one of top performing clean energy economies: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: With Indian receiving $10.2 billion investments in clean energy, the country has emerged as one of the top performing clean energy economies in the 21st century, an eminent American non-profit organisation said in a report.The Pew Charitable Trust , in its report, said India's clean energy sector continued to flourish in 2011, with private investment increasing 54 per cent to $10.2 billion, placing the country at number 6 spot among the G-20 nations.This was the second highest growth rate among the G-20 nations, The Pew Energy said in its research report released here on Wednesday.\"On a number of measures, India has been one of the top performing clean energy economies in the 21st century, registering the fifth highest five-year rate of investment growth and eighth highest in installed renewable energy capacity,\" said Phyllis Cuttino, director of Pew's Clean Energy Program.\"The country holds great potential in the Asia/Oceana region and will continue to be a top destination for private investment this year,\" she said.Clean energy investment, excluding research and development, has grown by 600 per cent since 2004, on the basis of effective national policies that create market certainty, Cuttino added.India's \" National Solar Mission\", with a goal of 20 GW of solar power installed by 2020, helped drive the seven-fold jump in solar energy investments, to $4.2 billion, the report said, adding the country received $4.6 billion and an additional 2.8 GW of capacity was installed over the course of the year.India now has 22.4 gigawatts of installed clean energy generating capacity, it noted.\"The clean energy sector received its trillionth dollar of private investment just before the end of 2011, demonstrating significant growth over the past eight years,\" said Michael Liebreich , CEO of Bloomberg New Energy Finance, Pew's research partner.\"Solar installations drove most of the activity last year as the falling price of photovoltaic modules, now 75 per cent lower than three years ago, more than compensated for weakening clean energy support mechanisms in a number of parts of the world,\" Liebreich said.Globally, investment grew to a record $263 billion in 2011, a 6.5 per cent increase over the previous year, the report said.The US reclaimed the top spot among all G-20 nations and attracted $48 billion. However, with $45.5 billion in private investments, China continued to be a hub of clean energy activity - leading the world in wind energy investment and deployment as well as wind and solar manufacturing.Germany received $30.6 billion ranking third among G-20 nations.The combination of falling prices and growing investments accelerated installation of clean energy generating capacity by a record 83.5 GW in 2011 bringing the total to 565 GW globally.This represents almost 50 per cent more than installed nuclear power capacity, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630552", "title": "It\u2019s a plane\u2026 it\u2019s a UFO\u2026 It\u2019s a balloon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city on Wednesday woke up to an unidentified flying object (UFO) floating in the north-eastern sky or so some thought even as other sky gazers took excited shots of the rare celestial event. But when it refused to vanish from the sky even when the sun was well above the horizon, the curiosity levels rose and the rumour mills started working overtime. Would a UFO come hurtling down from the city sky?The city was soon buzzing with messages on the transparent object floating in the sky beeping on cell phones and experts at the planetary society and Birla Planetarium were inundated with calls. Some local news channels too started flashing the news repeatedly about the mysterious object looking down at the city from the sky.As it turned out, the 'bright' object was a huge scientific balloon and was launched by the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) Balloon Facility, located at ECIL in Hyderabad, into the space last night. The massive balloon with a volume of four lakh cubic metres and with a diameter of a cricket stadium was in the sky between 1 am and 11 am on Wednesday.Officials at TIFR said the unmanned research balloon loaded with huge equipment weighing over 1,000 kg was launched to study astrophysical sources in the space. The hydrogen balloon was at an altitude of a record 41 km at around 7.30 am. \"Its diameter was that of a cricket stadium. Because of its huge size, it was visible to the naked eye,\" said an official from TIFR adding that an aircraft flies at a maximum altitude of 15 kilometres. He further said that later in the day, after the readings were completed, the balloon was destroyed and the payload (the equipment) was separated with a parachute. The parachute landed in Jangaon, close to Warangal highway.Being the only major balloon facility in the world close to the geomagnetic equator, TIFR Balloon Facility at ECIL is extensively used by researchers from all over the world. Officials here said that they launch three to four research balloons on an average annually.Experts said that a few decades ago in the absence of satellites, the only way to study upper air observations was through balloons. Even with the latest equipment in place, the Met department in Hyderabad launches balloons in the mornings and evenings. But these are smaller balloons that can go up to a limited height. \"The TIFR institute takes up these operations silently. People indeed mistook it for a UFO,\" said N Raghunandan Kumar of Planetary Society, India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631375", "title": "Police to question owner of sport utility vehicle", "text": "MUMBAI: Police, embarrassed by the bail granted to drunk and drive accused Paramdeep Sandhu (41), are trying to build up a strong case against him. Police plan to write to the Punjab regional transport office seeking details of the SUV involved in the accident.The vehicle is registered in the name of Shyam Puri, who is a director of a rubber company in Punjab. A Versova police officer said the SUV is in their custody and will be released to the owner after investigation. Puri will be called from Punjab for questioning in the case and asked under what circumstances the vehicle was handed over to Sandhu, he said.Sandhu, the son of a retired inspector-general of Punjab police, rammed the SUV into vendor Ramprakash Singh's cycle at Versova around 1.30 am on Monday and sped away immediately. A passing motorist helped the injured cyclist into his car and caught Sandhu near a nakabandi. Sandhu, who alleged in court that police had assaulted him after the accident, was released on bail on Tuesday. Police alleged that they had not assaulted Sandhu after the accident, but he lied to avoid police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12637641", "title": "Bittoo Boss actors get funny on Comedy Circus", "text": "Kahaani Comedy Circus Ki aired on Sony Entertainment has its fair share of surprises what with a lot of movie stars appearing on it in order to promote their films.The latest that has been reported is that that the stars of Yash Raj Films' Bittoo Boss - Pulkit Samrat and Amita Pathak - will be a part of the comedy show the coming weekend.Although the actors didn't stay for a whole episode and left as soon as they had done their parts, the show promises to be as rocking as always. It's interesting to note that both Pulkit and Amita were television actors before they bagged 'Bittoo Boss'.As Pulkit was launched by Balaji Telefilms in Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi, he is eager to show Ektaa Kapoor the movie. The movie has no big stars to boast of but its storyline is said to be strong enough to make it work with the audience at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12631921", "title": "Protest and minor clash at BHU", "text": "VARANASI: Protests and demonstrations opposing removal of Vikas Singh, first elected general secretary of Student Council (SC) of BHU kept the varsity administration on toes on Wednesday.A group of students holding placards assembled at the SC building, raising slogans against varsity administration for the removal of first general secretary of BHU. Later, when proctorial staff rushed to the spot, minor altercation was witnessed between the student groups and security people. The Lanka police was also called on the site to control the angry mob of students.According to OP Rai, deputy chief proctor, BHU, the situation was under control and adequate security staff were deployed at the site to keep vigil on the situation. \"Barring minor clash, it passed off peacefully. However, we are still keeping close vigil on the situation\", he said.It may be mentioned here that Vikas Singh, first elected general secretary of BHU was removed from the post after he was found engaged in clash with one of the hostel inmates in 2010, when he was staying at Acharya Narendra Dev Hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12634496", "title": "4 things Nokia can do to get back on growth track", "text": "LONDON: Less than two months ago, Nokia Oyj Chief Executive Officer Stephen Elop stood up at the mobile- phone industry's annual jamboree to declare that the company had turned the corner as sales of its new smartphone blossomed.The prediction proved premature. Yesterday, the Finnish company reported a surprise operating loss at its handset unit for the first three months and forecast no improvement this quarter. While sales of the Lumia model it developed with Microsoft Corp topped estimates, competition ate into margins and sales of lower-priced devices plunged in emerging markets.As Nokia's cash pile dwindles and a junk credit rating looms, Elop will have to consider more radical steps such as selling its low-end phone business, whose revenue slumped by a third last quarter, said Adnaan Ahmad, an analyst at Berenberg Bank in London . Nokia makes about 70 per cent of its handset sales outside Europe and North America, where competition from Chinese companies including ZTE Corp is intensifying.\"Why not try to sell its mobile-phone business and hence just remain a smart devices company?\" said Ahmad, who has been covering the telecommunications industry for more than a decade and is ranked fourth based on the total return of his Nokia rating over the past year according to Bloomberg data. He advises selling the shares with a price estimate of 3.20 euros.Low-end lossesElop, 48, shifted to Microsoft's Windows Phone system 14 months ago, after determining Nokia's Symbian and Meego couldn't keep up with Google Inc's Android system and the iPhone. Nokia reported an operating loss of about 3 per cent of sales at the devices and services division last quarter, citing weak sales in India, the Middle East, Africa and China.Low-end handset sales declined to 2.3 billion euros from 3.4 billion euros in the year-earlier quarter, while shipments dropped to 71 million units from 84.3 million a year earlier, the company said.\"They may sell their low end business to a Chinese maker, they may sell some IP assets -- we know there's a market for that, we know Microsoft is interested in that kind of thing,\" said Horace Dediu, a former Nokia analyst who now runs the Asymco industry-research website. \"Then they would essentially become a Motorola, which is a smartphone-only company that ended up getting acquired.\"Like MotorolaMotorola Mobility , which has pared down its low-end phone lines in favor of Android, sold its handset business last year to Google for $12.5 billion.Sony Ericsson , the mobile-phone venture Sony Corp bought out from its Swedish partner Ericsson AB in February and renamed Sony Mobile Communications, is also exiting cheaper feature phones to focus on making smartphones.A potential sale of Nokia's smartphone business to Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft wouldn't make sense as the US partner already has access to the hardware through their partnership, said Lee Simpson, an analyst at Jefferies International in London. Nokia may instead focus on offloading a part of its patent portfolio to generate cash and buy time for its reorganization, he said.Frank Shaw, a Microsoft spokesman, declined to comment on the possibility of mergers involving Nokia, citing company policy on not commenting on rumors and speculation.Speaking on a conference call, Elop, a former Microsoft executive who took the helm at Nokia in September 2010, said the Finnish company may prioritize certain devices and markets at the expense of others.Asset sales?\"When we talk about what those structural changes might be, we have to make decisions about, are we concentrating on certain markets, are we emphasizing certain product opportunities over others, do we sell off certain non-core assets along the way?\" Elop said.Since taking over, Elop has announced more than 10,000 job cuts and shut production in Europe to move more manufacturing to Asia. He also tried to sell a stake in the phone-equipment venture Nokia Siemens Networks before talks collapsed last year.Nokia may seek to accelerate a sale of assets within Nokia Siemens, according to a person familiar with the company, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations aren't public. Another sale target may be the Navteq Corp map unit Nokia took over in 2008 for about $7.3 billion, the person said.Running out of time\"We have absolutely changed the clockspeed of Nokia. The pace at which we are accomplishing this, you're going to see this continue,\" Elop said on Feb. 28 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , comments he reiterated yesterday. \"The next waves of devices, the next software, all of that will continue at an accelerating pace.\"To make that happen, the manufacturer may also need to cut more jobs, said Edward Snyder, an analyst at Charter Equity Research in San Francisco . Nokia employed about 130,000 people at the end of 2011.\"That looks like a boilerplate statement to prepare employees and the government for big layoffs,\" said Snyder. \"The smartphone business is sucking the most wind, but they can't get rid of that, it's their future.\"Nokia doesn't have much time left and needs radical measures to win back market share and investors' trust, Simpson at Jefferies said. Nokia would benefit from moving its headquarters out of Finland to a lower-cost country, he said.\"There's something very stale that suggests their relevance in the medium term will be gone unless something really serious happens,\" Simpson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12631589", "title": "Five get bail in attempted duping case", "text": "AURANGABAD: Judicial magistrate first class R S Salgaonkar recently granted bail to five people, including two from Pune, arrested by the cyber crime cell of the city police on April 2 for attempting to dupe the local branch of the State Bank of Patiala by seeking a loan on the basis of a fake fixed deposit (FD) receipt of Rs 54 crore.The FD, which was purportedly made in the bank's Chunni Kalan branch in Vasi Pathana, Fatehgarh Sahab district, Punjab, had turned out to be fake. The police had produced the five suspects before the court on April 7 to seek their further remand. However, the judge remanded them to judicial custody and later ordered them to be released on conditional bail on personal bond of Rs 50,000 each. The court directed the suspects to report to the Mukundwadi police station every Monday, till further order, said the lawyer for the accused, Anup Nikam, on Wednesday.Nikam said the police pointed out to the court that the suspects tried to dupe the bank in October 2011 by producing various documents including the 'authorisation to verify funds' and a fixed deposit receipt showing that one Siraj Ahmed C Chand of MSD Corporation, Bangalore, had deposited Rs 50 crore in the bank's Chunni Kalan branch on January 4, 2011, for 396 days. The deposit was to mature on February 4, 2012, and its maturity value was over Rs 54 crore. However, the bank manager, Sunilkumar Chaudhary, grew suspicious and informed his superiors, who investigated the matter. They told Chaudhary to lodge a complaint with the Aurangabad police. Accordingly, he lodged a complaint on April 2.The police said that Nitin Mahamuni in Pune had received the fake FD receipt and had given it to Premchand Kondekar, also a resident of Pune. Kondekar, in turn, got in touch with Mohammad Faheem Khan, Tushar Kabra and Bhushan Kabra - all residents of Aurangabad. The police said they wanted to find out who sent the fake FD receipt to Mahamuni. Incidentally, all the men involved in the case are linked to land dealings.Nikam argued in court that there was no direct evidence against his clients and they had simply wanted to confirm whether the FD was fake. He said they were also ready to cooperate with the police in further investigations. The court granted the five suspects conditional bail on April 7, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629610", "title": "CM launches 2nd phase of crime control drive", "text": "PATNA: After its first round success, chief minister Nitish Kumar launched the second phase of the crime control drive in the state on Wednesday. The focus this time would be on foiling the bids of incarcerated criminals to come out of jails after going into appeal.In the first phase of the campaign, around 70,000 criminals have been put behind the bars and convicted through speedy trial in fast-track courts in the last six years.Addressing the DMs, SPs and public prosecutors (PPs) of the 38 districts at the one-day workshop here, the CM stressed the need of active coordination and regular communication between DMs, SPs and PPs at the district level, so that appeals of the incarcerated criminals could be timely and effectively challenged in the court to ensure that they continued to serve the sentence and punishment.Stressing the need of developing an institutional mechanism to counter criminals' appeal, the CM said the PP offices would be provided basic infrastructure like phone, fax and staff. It should be taken up as a challenge, he said, adding that a work-plan should be prepared to see that incarcerated criminals did not walk out of the jails free.The CM asked the participants of the workshop to discuss the details to ensure the success of crime control drive at all the three levels - trial, appeal and punishment.The CM said that until now, only the police personnel were involved in crime-control measures. The second phase of the crime control operations would be marked by a synergy between district and police administrations at every level, so that \"entire administrative structure gets motivated to control crime in the state\", he said.Talking about the steps taken to modernize police machinery in the state, the CM said the government took several measures, like constructing police buildings, providing adequate resources to conduct routine activities, replacing old weapons and also enhancing the strength of the police force, to make policing an effective tool to control crime. He said the government aimed at bringing police-people ratio in the state at par with the national average by creating new wings for policing with sanctioned posts.He also stressed on scientific investigation into a case to reduce the chance of lacuna and lapses on the part of the prosecution. Periodic training and orientation course for the police personnel were also required, he said, adding that the DMs and SPs should be immediately informed about appeals made by criminals, and additional PPs should actively pursue the matter to foil such appeals.Those from the top brass who also put across their views were chief secretary Navin Kumar, home department principal secretary Amir Subhani, DGP Abhayanand, advocate general (AG) Ram Balak Mahto, law secretary Vinod Kumar Sinha and other senior officials of the home department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630164", "title": "HC scoffs at Rs 585 pension for widow", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Can you turn a blind eye?\" the Bombay high court on Wednesday asked public sector undertaking Rashtriya Chemical &amp; Fertilisers Limited (RCF) while hearing a petition filed by a widow who has been receiving a monthly pension of Rs 585 since 22 years.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bodbe and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition filed by Shalini Lele (73) urging the court to direct the Centre and the RCF to revise the PSU's pension scheme in line with the prevailing rates/price index or to ensure that she can maintain minimum standard of living. Her husband Neelkanth joined RCF in 1968 and passed away on March 13, 1987 while in service. From January 1990, RCF began paying Lele a pension of Rs 585 per month. Under the Right to Information Act, RCF replied to Lele saying that since 1988, it has not enhanced the pension rate.Her advocate Ashish Kamat argued that RCF's pension scheme should not have conditions less favourable than the pension scheme prescribed under the Employees Provident Fund Act. RCF's advocate countered that its scheme is not a pension scheme. He said that under RCF's scheme only the management contributes to the fund. \"There is no bounden duty to pay. I agree that RCF has not revised pension rates since 1990,\" he added.The judges said they are not saying how much more should be paid but RCF should take factors including rising prices and cost of living index into considerations. \"Can you say, I will turn a blind eye?\" asked Justice Bobde. He further remarked, \"There is no industrial peace. It is not a very good thing to have dissatisfied employees.\" The judges adjourned the matter after RCF's advocate sought time to make statement on whether it will suo motu revise the pension rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12636591", "title": "Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal chairman Justice N P Singh resigns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chairman of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal Justice N P Singh has resigned from his post citing ill health.Sources in the water resources ministry said Justice Singh (80) had sent his resignation papers earlier this week.The Tribunal, which gave its final award on February 5, 2007, asking Karnataka to ensure 192 tmc ft (thousand metric cubit feet) of water annually at Biligundlu on the Karnataka-Tamil Nadu border, was to hear an application moved by the Tamil Nadu government on April 17.\"But following his resignation, the hearing is set to be deferred,\" a senior ministry official said.The Tribunal was constituted in 1990. Justice N P Singh was appointed its chairman after the then incumbent Justice Chittatosh Mookerjee resigned.Under the provisions of the Inter-state Water Disputes Act, 1956, the Centre can appoint a sitting Judge of the Supreme Court or a high court as chairman of a water dispute tribunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630881", "title": "High court seeks government response on demand for CBI probe", "text": "BANGALORE: With regard to the PIL seeking a CBI probe into the March 2 violence at the city civil court complex, the Karnataka High Court on Wednesday sought to know the response of the state government about entrusting the investigation to the CBI. \"Tell us tomorrow after getting instructions,\" the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen told advocate general S Vijay Shankar.\"We don't know why the State is so stubborn. If they get a B report from the CBI, the matter ends there. If it is a B report by you (state police), that's not the end of the matter. Think about it - it has wider implications and requires a statesmanlike decision,\" the bench observed.Earlier, the advocate general proposed a probe by a special investigation team. He said since RK Dutta, DGP, CID, who had given the interim report, can be entrusted with the complete investigation.However, counsels for Advocates' Association of Bangalore were firm about a CBI probe. They claimed that police were biased even while registering FIRs. \"When the advocates complained, they have not mentioned those sections, even though there were specific complaints they were assaulted and hurt. On the contrary, in cases registered against advocates, they have included sections like attempt to murder even though there is no whisper in the complaint about it,\" the counsel argued.The bench pulled up Pranab Mohanty, joint commissioner of police (crime - west ) who has been entrusted with the investigation, taking exception to him sitting with those instructing the advocate general appearing on behalf of the state government / police. \"How can an independent investigator sit with those people who are instructing you?\" the Chief Justice asked the advocate general and asked him to instruct the officer to leave the court.Malnutrition committeeA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen asked parties to suggest names of persons to form a committee to monitor operations concerning malnutrition among children in the state. The court indicated the committee be small, with 7-9 members. \"If these children are not looked after, they will become a liability for the state during their lifetime,\" the Chief Justice observed. The court was informed that Justice B Padmaraj, a retired HC judge heading the committee formed last month, had resigned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12630638", "title": "High court orders probe against two director generals", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP high hourt on Wednesday directed the state government to order a probe against director general of police Dinesh Reddy and his IPS batchmate Umesh Kumar within two weeks and complete the same within four months on the allegations that were made by these two officials against each other.While Umesh Kumar charged Dinesh Reddy with concealing the property transactions made by his wife, Umesh is facing corruption charges and also the case of a criminal conspiracy he allegedly hatched with an SEZ consultant to defame Dinesh Reddy. Justice Ramesh Ranganathan also directed the HC registry to launch criminal contempt proceedings against Dinesh Reddy and CID chief S V Ramana Murthy for willfully suppressing information related to the way the case against Umesh was registered and also for filing a false affidavit before the HC in this regard.The judge was delivering his verdict on three separate petitions filed by Umesh who sought quashing of the criminal case against him, a CBI probe into the assets case of the DGP and also questioning the pardon given by the trial court to accused number one, T Sunil Reddy, an SEZ consultant, in the criminal case where Umesh was shown as co-accused. The judge, while ordering a probe against both Dinesh and Umesh and their affairs, rejected Umesh's plea for a CBI probe. The judge also quashed the pardon given to Sunil Reddy consequent to which he has to stand trial in the forgery case as accused number one.Umesh is accused number three in the case in which he was charged with conspiring with the SEZ consultant in sending a forged letter to the Union home ministry in the name of a Congress MP. The letter made several allegations against Dinesh Reddy saying that he and his wife purchased several properties and did not inform the same to the relevant authorities in tune with the existing norms. This letter was later proved to be a forged one.In his order, Justice Ramesh Ranganathan dropped the forgery charge against Umesh. However, the judge said that Umesh has to face the charge of using a forged document as a genuine one as well as be tried under other IPC sections like criminal conspiracy, etc, as was made out in the chargesheet.In his order, the judge declined to accept the argument of Dinesh Reddy that All India Service officials need not furnish the assets details of their spouses if they have independent sources of income and if the said assets are bought by them. The requirement of spousal declaration must be read as obligatory as the spouse is being extended benefits from the public exchequer which she would not have got otherwise, the judge said. Justice Ranganathan also wondered how the two high officials could call themselves high professionals yet fight with each other in public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629729", "title": "Transport corporations to hire drivers on contract", "text": "KOLKATA: State transport minister Madan Mitra on Wednesday announced that fresh recruitments will be made in the five transport corporations. Also, voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) for approximately 7,500 employees is in the offing. The decision was made after Mitra held a review meeting with the top officials of the five transport companies.Jobs only on contract basis for the time being and voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) for approximately 7,500 employees in the five transport corporations are in the offing. State transport minister Madan Mitra on Wednesday said this after holding a review meeting of all five state transport corporations - where he met all top officials.Mitra said that many employees - drivers and conductors - had expressed their wish to take VRS. \"While some people have grown old, others are no longer able to work after having met with accidents. They are unable to work either because of their age, or because some of them can no longer work after meeting with accidents.They don't want to take salary without working. The government has thus decided to take a final decision,\" he said. \"The government will now take a final decision.\"However, things are not as simple as the transport minister claimed it to be. The Left Front government's repeated attempts to offer VRS to employees had been met with resistance from unions. In fact, during the fag end of the Left regimeFront government's tenure, the government even had funds available from the British government's development aid agency, Department for International Development (DFID), to pay off the employees. But the funds went unused after is could not be used because of the stiff opposition.Now, with the DFID deadline over, offering VRS for 7,500 employees would not be an easy task.The situation has somewhat changed now. It has been seen that could have changed partly as it turns out that many appointments were made during the Left tenure without clearance from the finance department. Under such circumstances, some employees would perhaps prefer to take VRS rather than being sacked, officials say.However, Subhas Mukherjee, a secretary of Citu's state committee, said that the state government has been repeatedly ignoring the trade unions and talking to only Trinamool Congress affiliated Inttuc. \"Trade union democracy is under attack in this state. We are ready for any favourable proposal but it should be discussed with us. However, if decisions are taken unilaterally, we'll oppose them. Earlier, when there were talks of VRS, we had spoken of a particular package,\" he said.He said the trade unions can bargain with the government to get the best package for employees, but this must be discussed with them in the first place.The government will recruit some drivers and conductors on contract basis to replace the vacant posts that will be created by the VRS, said Mitra. According to Mitra, to replace the ones to be offered with VRS, the state government will take some drivers and conductors on contract basis.He also spoke of reviving several popular routes - like 8B, L9, L20, 14, 80, 76, 3, 2B, 2, 5, 6, S-16, S-2, S-23 - which have become almost defunct. Meanwhile, the corporations have been asked to prepare land banks so that the spare land in depots may be used to generate revenue. Already five model pumps cum mini shopping malls are coming up in different parts of the city. This was decided at a meeting held on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12630731", "title": "Municipal authorities wake up to water wastage, start challan drive", "text": "LUDHIANA: The municipal authorities, who were preoccupied with election duty for the past six months, have finally risen to their responsibility of ensuring that residents don't waste water in the city and started a challaning drive across the city's four zones.With 30% of the city's water supply getting wasted, MC started the drive in the first week of April. Officials said of the four zones, people living in Zone D - posh localities like Model Town, Sarabha Nagar, BRS Nagar, Aggar Nagar, Civil Lines, Kitchlu Nagar and other adjoining areas - waste more water than all the other zones put together. In Zone A, which is basically old part of the city, 26 challans were issued; in Zone B there were 30 challans; in Zone C not even a single challan has been issued; but in Zone D over 60 challans have been issued since the drive was initiated.Additional commissioner (technical) operational and maintenance cell Manjit said, ''Earlier, our employees were appointed on election duties and we were also busy in recovering dues so we did not get time to curb water wastage but now the drive will continue through the summer months and defaulters will be penalized.''However, residents opine that along with issuing challans to offenders, officials should create awareness among the masses. ''The drive should be held on a regular basis so that there residents have a sense of fear and don't waste water. But creating awareness is equally important. People who live in posh areas are very irresponsible about this essential resource,'' said Rajan Malhotra, a businessman staying in Kitchlu Nagar.Khushwinder Singh, a senior citizen staying in Dugri, blamed the MC for the wastage of water. ''They don't take their responsibility seriously because of which residents also have very lackadaisical attitude and let water flow unused on roads. It not only wastes water but also damages roads,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12636442", "title": "Samsung may have ended Nokia's 14-year reign in Asia", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co, Asia's largest electronics maker, probably overtook Nokia Oyj as the top handset seller for the first time, helped by the popularity of the Galaxy smartphones, according to analyst estimates.The South Korean company may have shipped about 92 million mobile phones, including basic types, in the first quarter, according to the median of five estimates in a Bloomberg News survey. Nokia sold 83 million units, with 12 million smartphones and 71 million low-end models, during the three-month period, the Espoo, Finland-based company said.The gap could end Nokia's 14-year reign in the global mobile-phone market. While Samsung has been benefitting from the popularity of Galaxy phones running Google Inc's Android operating system, Nokia has been losing market share as consumers choose the iPhone from Apple Inc and Android devices over products using its Symbian software.\"Samsung is displacing Nokia fast,\" Lee Sun Tae, a Seoul- based analyst at NH Investment &amp; Securities Co, said by phone. \"Nokia, with no competitiveness in smartphones, will keep losing ground.\"James Chung, a Seoul-based spokesman for Samsung, declined to comment on the numbers, citing company policy not to disclose handset shipment figures. Doug Dawson, a spokesman for Nokia, also declined to comment on the analysts' estimates.Samsung profitSamsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, last week reported first-quarter operating profit that exceeded estimates. Nokia is allying with Microsoft Corp to adopt the US company's mobile-phone operating system, instead of joining Samsung, HTC Corp and other companies in using Android, to recover market share.Nokia reported an operating loss for its mobile-phone division yesterday, while forecasting earnings won't recover this quarter as emerging market handset sales slumped and margins on smartphones shrank.Nokia declined as much as 7.8 per cent to 3.01 euros in Helsinki , the lowest intraday price since April 1997, and traded down 7.5 per cent as of 12:33 p.m. local time. The stock slumped 14 per cent yesterday.\"Nokia is slower than expected in responding to the smartphone market, whereas Samsung is doing better with models like the Galaxy Note,\" said Kim Young Chan, a Seoul-based analyst at Shinhan Investment Corp. \"The net result is Samsung edging out Nokia faster than expected.\"Samsung fell 2.9 per cent to 1,273,000 won at the close of trading in Seoul . The stock has climbed 20 per cent this year, outperforming the benchmark Kospi index's 8.8 per cent advance. Nokia has declined 20 per cent in the period.Galaxy phonesKim said he had forecast Samsung's overall handset shipments would surpass Nokia's from the second half this year. Samsung probably sold 44 million smartphones in the first quarter, more than tripling from a year earlier, Matt Evans, a Seoul-based analyst at CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, said in an April 2 report.Samsung, which plans to introduce a successor to the Galaxy S II by June, is still facing competition from Apple. \"The S III is going to come just before the iPhone 5 launches,\" Carolina Milanesi, an analyst at Gartner Inc said.\"Although Samsung seems to be doing no wrong in the Android camp, I think with the Galaxy S III it is going to struggle to get the same success as the S II had.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630425", "title": "Fear spreads fast, Tamil Nadu action remains slow", "text": "CHENNAI: Minutes after a powerful earthquake hit Indonesia's western coast at 2.08pm, several parts of Tamil Nadu, including most of Chennai, trembled. For several minutes, waves of concern and confusion lashed the city and coastal areas of the state. But reaction from the government was slow, as disaster management teams were not in place for more than an hour in many districts.\"The administration failed to quickly activate its disaster management plan,\" said an official who did not want to be named. \"The response time was definitely delayed.\"As residents poured out of their multi-storeyed apartments and office staff ran helter-skelter out of their high-rise buildings, there was no official word from the Centre or the state government as to whether another tsunami would barrel towards the country's coast like the one that caused devastation in Tamil Nadu on December 26, 2004.Within minutes of the tremors, the Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (Incois), Hyderabad, put out an alert which was received also by the state disaster management cell. But emergency teams were on the ground in many districts only by 3.45pm, almost one-and-a-half hours after the tremors were felt here. In Chennai, it was left to the police to move people away from the shoreline.Finally, around 7pm, TV channels, quoting the US Geological Survey and the Indonesian Earthquake Agency declared there was no longer a tsunami alert. A statement from chief minister J Jayalalithaa followed, urging the public not to panic \"as the state government machinery had taken sufficient precautionary measures and was on high alert to handle any situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12631209", "title": "Madhya Pradesh tribals defend their gods with bows &amp; arrows", "text": "BHOPAL: Bamboo bows drawn taut and lethal arrow heads catching the sun's glint, the Baigas - a dwindling tribe in the remote jungles of Ranjara in Madhya Pradesh's Dindori district - are standing guard for their gods against whom they consider state-sponsored marauders.These lush jungles have been their homes for generations and Baigas worship trees as gods. Tribal men, women and children now stand guard, armed against axes and saws - ironically, taking on forest officials who they think are facilitating the 'slaughter'.The local village panchayat held frequent meetings to protest the forest department's policy of felling trees. Running out of patience, the panchayat in its recent meeting asked every able man, woman and child to take up their traditional arms to ensure not a single tree is cut.Dindori Conservator of Forest L P Tiwari said, \"We have only been cutting dead wood to provide firewood to locals, under a sustained yield-based working plan. The department strictly follows regulations,\" A total ban on tree felling could lead to illegal logging on a massive scale, he said, adding, \"This was the experience in Uttarakhand.''But for the moment, the Baigas are in no mood to listen to such arguments. \"We are in talks with the tribe to at least facilitate the marking of trees that are dying or are dead there. I am hopeful that an agreement will be reached,\" Tiwari said.A senior forest officer said the Maoist from the neighbouring villages of Chattisgarh may be fueling the tribal resistance. \"We believe some ultra-left groups are behind this disturbing development in Ranjara. Most of its inhabitants are illiterate and poor,\" the officer said.The Baigas, who are nature-worshippers, say trees are their gods and felling them would devastate the ecology. They have vowed to die or be jailed to save them. Forest officials were stunned by the sudden and stiff resistance and is now trying hard to \"thaw the differences\" over tree felling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12629634", "title": "3 held over assault in parking brawl", "text": "NASHIK: The Panchavati Police have arrested three persons accused in connection with assault and robbery that took place near K K Wagh College on April 10 at around 12.30 pm.The three accused are Gautam Shah (28) of Bajrangwadi, Nashik Pune Road, Sarang Bhojge (21) of Narayanbapu Nagar and Dheeraj Jadhav (18) of Somvar Peth. Police said that the accused were travelling in an autorickshaw, and had picked up an argument with the driver of a trailer, Sanjay Yadav, and the trailer's cleaner, Sagar, over the issue of moving the trailer from its parking spot.The argument escalated when the trio started beating up Yadav and Sagar. Further, the accused also snatched Yadav's mobile phone and a bag containing Rs 5,000 that was kept in the trailer's cabin. Subsequently, Yadav's employer a man by the name of Sharma from Kherpada, Navi Mumbai, lodged a complaint with the Panchavati police on the day of the incident, at around 4pm.The police nabbed the trio late in the evening. The accused were produced in court on Wednesday. The autorickshaw which the three had been travelling in has also been seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12631869", "title": "'Solar hydrogen cheap alternative to fuel, energy'", "text": "VARANASI: How about using solar hydrogen energy to generate electricity and run vehicles? While the idea may sound interesting, the hydrogen energy laboratory in the Department of Physics, Banaras Hindu University has already come up with feasibility study of solar hydrogen energy, moving ahead with generation of hydrogen energy as alternative source of energy and fuel. The tapping of solar hydrogen energy also provides the answer to alternative and clean use of energy, replacing the exhaustible petroleum and coal-based power generation which produces carbon dioxide and other hazardous pollutants in the atmosphere.If the expert in hydrogen energy generation in BHU is to be believed, the country with immense potential of tapping solar energy can look forward to generation of solar hydrogen, which could prove to be cheaper and cleaner alternative to fuel and energy. The mechanism of producing solar hydrogen is simple and its large-scale production is possible to encourage its use. Hydrogen gas is liberated in the form of by-product from various caustic soda industries and it is wasted without being put to any use. The solar panel through photo electrolysis can liberate hydrogen gas from water and later through fuel cell technology; the hydrogen gas and oxygen gas could be used to generate electricity. \"It could be even used to drive turbines replacing the dependency on coal, which is a source for generating carbon dioxide and monoxide, the latter also reponsible for causing global warming ,\" said Prof ON Srivastava, Professor Emeritus and pioneer of hydrogen energy production in BHU while talking to TOI on Wednesday.It may be mentioned here that the hydrogen fuel run vehicle (motorbike) has been successfully tried in BHU and also at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi before then Union Rural Development Minister, Raghuvansh Prasad Singh in 2004. Recently, R Chidambaran, principal scientific advisor, Government of India also went for test ride on small car running on hydrogen energy during his visit to BHU.According to ON Srivastava, various feasibility study on the production and use of hydrogen energy has been done in the department and solar hydrogen energy has turned out to be the cleanest and most efficient to handle emerging energy crisis in the country. India's contribution to world's oil reserve is less than one per cent (0.9 per cent) and we have to import 140 million tonnes (MT) of crude oil to meet our energy demand. Even, a hike of one dollar per barrel causes increase of Rs 30,000 crore towards investment for meeting fuel need, and it is enormous load on a developing country like ours, he added on the occasion.Saying that the problems in storage of hydrogen gas have been sorted out with specially designed hydride tank to store hydrogen in solid form, the expert emphasised that both gaseous and liquid form of hydrogen are unsafe as they are highly inflammable. The gaseous and liquid form of hydrogen even if stored in high pressure cylinders and tank are subject to risk as the possibility of catching fire increases with fluctuations in temperatures and outside pressure. The hydride tank has the potential to tap solid hydrogen powder which could be safely used. It could be even used as fuel for cooking much like LPG cylinder, added Prof Srivastava.It is worth mentioning that the ignition energy of free hydrogen is found to be four times less than petrol or diesel, making it highly inflammable and hydride tank ensures safe storage of the hydrogen gas in solid state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634214", "title": "Semester mode in Jamia", "text": "Two years after Jamia Millia Islamia University shifted to the semester mode for its postgraduate programmes, it has decided to do the same for all its undergraduate programmes from the new academic session.As per university authorities, the decision was made two years back, but it took time to reformulate the syllabi of the UG courses. As per the scheme, the session will be divided into six semesters with 25% internal assessment.Why the shift? \"We had been working on redoing the syllabus of the UG courses across all nine faculties of Jamia. Besides, semester mode is not new to the varsity. We had implemented the semester system at the PG level in 2010. Also, we had been successfully running a semester system for MPhil courses and in the faculty of engineering and technology for several years now,\" says Simi Malhotra, faculty, department of English and media co-ordinator.According to Malhotra, the university cannot run under two different modes of study. The move is important in order to synchronise and have a uniform university calendar. Also, under the semester mode, teaching is more intensive with increased teacher-student engagement.\"Implementing semesters at all levels of courses is not difficult for Jamia as it doesn't have any affiliated colleges. All our departments run independently. They can devise their own syllabi, their own mode of evaluation etc, which allow them the flexibility needed in a semester system,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12632027", "title": "Gold sales set to soar in Hubli this year", "text": "HUBLI: Drought and escalating gold prices don't seem to have slowed the sale of gold in Hubli and other North Karnataka region. With Akshaya Tritiya scheduled to be celebrated on April 24, the sale of the yellow metal is all set to be higher this year. After Bangalore, Hubli reportedly had the highest sale in the past two occasions of Akshaya Tritiya.People, including farmers from Bijapur, Haveri, Gadag, Bellary, Bagalkot, Koppal and Raichur, are preparing to buy gold in Hubli. Over the past year, many companies like Malabar Gold, Joyalukkas, Chemmanur Jewellers and Swarna Jewellers have opened their showrooms here. People are making a beeline with most of the showrooms registering 45%-50% booking for gold for Akshaya Tritiya.According to sources, around 290kg of gold was sold on the occasion in 2010 in Karnataka, of which 74kg were sold in Hubli. In 2011, 320kg of gold was sold, of which 84kg were sold in Hubli.Govinda Niranjan, president, Jewellers' Association, Hubli, told TOI that though there is drought in the North Karnatak region, the demand for gold has remained unaffected. \"This year, we expect to sell around 100kg to 120kg in the region during Akshaya Tritiya. About 40% of buyers are farmers, 30% are job-holders and 30% are businessmen,\" he said.Shashank Ekbote, AGM, and Sameer, sales executive, of Malabar Gold and Diamond, said most people buy pure 24 carat gold in the form of coin, biscuit or ring (suttu ungura) on the occasion while some buy ornaments. \"We expect to sell around 4kg to 5kg on Akshaya Tritiya,\" they added.Yellappa Dyapi, a farmer of Gudageri, said he will buy bangles worth Rs 42000 while Suresh Suryavansi, a retired worker, said he is investing Rs 1.5 lakh in gold.More people purchase gold with long-term investment in mind. They invest Rs 2000 to more than Rs 1 lakh in gold. They may sell it or pledge it if they require money in future when the price of gold will further go up in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12628845", "title": "Ahead of polls, BJP worker killed in faction fight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days ahead of Sunday's MCD elections, a faction fight involving a BJP councillor claimed one life when the leader's rival from within the party was allegedly stabbed at the Azadpur Railway Station in north Delhi, late on Tuesday night.The victim, Jai Prakash, 40, who was denied the BJP ticket in favour of sitting councillor Madhav Prasad, 47, from Sangam Park area, died in hospital on Wednesday morning. The councillor was among four people arrested for the crime. The death led to unrest in the area with people coming out in protest.The violence started during a meeting Prasad was having with party workers at a temple near the platform 1 of the station.\"Jai Prakash and his men arrived at the spot and reportedly questioned him about the work he had done in the past five years. An argument followed and soon a scuffle ensued. Prasad's driver Manoj allegedly stabbed Jai Prakash while one Anil Yadav held the victim along with the councillor himself. Manoj too sustained head injuries,\" said a senior police officer.Jai Prakash was taken to Sunderlal Jain hospital where he succumbed to his injuries this morning. The Railway police later arrested four of the accused persons under different charges. \"Madhav Prasad, Manoj and his associate identified as Anil Yadav have been arrested for murder and criminal conspiracy under sections 302 and 120 B of IPC. Three persons from Jai Prakash's side, identified as Virender Yadav, Balram and Santosh have also been booked for attempt to commit culpable homicide under section 308 of IPC. Yadav has been arrested while the other two are absconding,\" said Ashok Chand, DCP Railways.Residents said Jai Prakash was also a ticket aspirant from the ward. His family and a section of residents alleged that Jai Prakash had objected to Madhav Prasad distributing cash among the people after the evening meeting.\"I was on my way to a neighbour's house around 11pm when I saw a huge crowd around the platform. I got to know from people that my husband had been attacked after he stopped the councillor, Madhav Prasad, from distributing money. My husband never indulged in fights. He was a painter and a peace-loving man. He was a loyal party worker,\" said Radha, Jai Prakash's wife.Family members and supporters said Jai Prakash had helped Prasad in previous elections. Prakash is survived by three children aged 18, 15 and 13 years.Neither the railway cops nor the local police were present when the scuffle took place at the station. Prasad was sent to judicial custody till April 24 and he will have to contest the polls from behind bars if the court does not grant him bail.This is the first incident of election-related violence in the capital ahead of the April 15 polls and comes as an embarrassment to BJP which is has been facing rebellion following distribution of party tickets. A week back, the wife of an independent candidate was shot at in Outer Delhi but the cops had dismissed it as an act of personal enmity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631767", "title": "Discourage junk food habit among students: Higher education directorate", "text": "LUCKNOW: The higher education directorate on Wednesday circulated government of India advisory on discouraging consumption of junk food among students in higher education institutions. The circular was issued to all state universities in UP asking them to ensure that the advisory is implemented not only on campuses but also in colleges affiliated to them.The circular has been issued on the direction of the union ministry of health and family welfare. Ghulam Nabi Azad , union minister of health and family welfare, had written to all the state governments drawing their attention towards the increasing trend of junk food consumption among students and its harmful effects. \"Students in higher education are adults and can easily understand what is right or wrong for them,\" said Moulindu Mishra, a teacher in Lucknow Christian College. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634803", "title": "Barobax apologises to Pritam", "text": "Iranian band Barobax has apologized to Pritam for leveling plagiarism charges against the \"Pungi baja ke\" number from \"Agent Vinod\".A statement issued by the band says, \"We decided to withdraw the case filed against Mr. Pritam and others for the copying of a song of Barobax - an Iranian band. After looking into the defences of Mr. Pritam and the analysis made by various expert, we have realised that Mr. Pritam is right and there is no copying of our song and so we understood that we can not built a good case.We do not want to get into any further legal issue and so we are withdrawing the case as we know that Mr. Pritam's lawyer, Henal Vakharia, is an expert in copyright laws and there will be strong ciminal action otherwise made out against us. We sincerely apologise to Mr. Pritam for all such and withdraw all our allegations made by us against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631079", "title": "AICTE clears 17 new tech institutions in state", "text": "PUNE: At least 17 new technical institutions, which include engineering colleges, will go functional in the state from the coming academic year 2012-13.The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), which regulates technical education in the country, has cleared these institutions as part of the approval process for new institutions, new courses and variation in student intake for 2012-13.AICTE's officiating chairman S S Mantha told TOI on Wednesday, \"We received 669 applications for new institutions including engineering, polytechnics, management, pharmacy, architecture and applied arts colleges, among others. Of these, 76 proposals including 17 from Maharashtra have been cleared. All the remaining proposals have been rejected.\"Mantha said details about the approved institutions and their sanctioned intake will be released in a day or two. \"We have now moved into the appeals process for those institutions whose applications have been rejected,\" he said.The AICTE started the approval process for 2012-13 by seeking online submission of proposals between October and December 2011. The process for scrutiny of these proposals had begun in January and ended on March 31.Mantha said, \"Of the 669 pleas, 307 were for new polytechnics and the remaining applications were for degree and post-graduate institutions for engineering, management and other technical courses. There were 119 applications from Maharashtra.\"The state government had earlier written to the AICTE urging that no new engineering colleges be sanctioned this year in view of the large number of engineering seats going vacant for the last few years in the state.As of now, Maharashtra accounts for nearly 325 engineering colleges that collectively have a student intake of over 1.20 lakh seats. For the last two years, the engineering colleges in the state have reported close to 20,000 vacant seats.Mantha said, \"We received the letter from the Maharashtra government and we discussed the issue at our meeting too. However, applying a sudden brake on the process of approving new institutions is not a practical solution considering the gestation period for any institution to reach the state where it can apply for approval.\"\"Usually, it takes around two years for an institution to have all the necessary ground work in place, including raising capital, making investments in new buildings, labs and allied infrastructure and meeting other norms before it can move an application for approval before the AICTE. We cannot suddenly say no to these institutions,\" he said.Mantha, however, said that the council was conscious about the concerns raised by Maharashtra as well as the other state governments regarding vacant seats. \"We will review our policy for approval of new institutions which intend to start from 2014-15,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630796", "title": "IPS associations backs Police Commissioner system in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: The Indian Police Service (IPS) Officers Association here has strongly advocated the implementation of the Police Commisssioner system in Madhya Pradesh.The decision to strongly back the system was taken by the IPS Association at its meeting here yesterady chaired by its President, V K Singh.Despite several attempts, Madhya Pradesh Government was unable to introduce the Police Commissioner System following alleged opposition from the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) lobby, sources said.It was also decided in the meet, to strongly oppose the proposed plan of the Centre to induct IPS officers through Limited Competitive Exam as it will adversely affect the services of the present IPS officers, sources said.The State Association also expressed concern over the growing incidents of attack on the policemen in the state and a decision was taken for having better coordination and effective information system between various ranks.It also decided to give priority to the welfare measures to be taken for the family members of martyred policemen in the state.Also, in order to make sacrifice of martyred policemen memorable, scholarships, awards, schools and roads should be named after them to inspire the young generation specially their family members, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mangalore/mysore/hubli", "code": "12632008", "title": "Drought and ways to invoke rain God", "text": "MANGALORE/MYSORE/HUBLI: It is the marriage season for frogs, donkeys and buffaloes in Karnataka! Their marital bliss is believed to please Rain Gods who will open up the skies to drench the parched earth. In the case of frogs, the believers perform the rituals post-marriage too. They believe in the natural process of baby showers and post-pregnancy rituals.Nithyananda Valakadu, general secretary, Udupi Zilla Nagarika Samiti, had arranged the marriage of frogs in June 2010 when there was delay in onset of monsoon. He said it is a traditional belief among villagers that marrying frogs brings rain. As frogs are able to sense onset of rains and make a peculiar sound at such time, he said.In 2011, Nithyanand arranged for \"seemantha'' (baby showers) rituals of frogs. This year, he intends to do what he says is a natural follow-up of marriage and seemantha. He admits that these are age old beliefs that modern scientific society views as superstition. It is a village talk that marrying frogs brings rain. But, the events organised by me in the last two-years have brought forth rains, Nithyananda adds.While coastal Karnataka has always been insulated from drought, it is undeniable that region is facing drinking water scarcity like rest of Karnataka. Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, former president of DK unit of Kannada Sahitya Parishat, is in the forefront of move by Sri Kshetra Kadri to arrange for mass `siyalabhisheka' whenever there is delay in monsoons. However, he avers that the shortage in drinking water is due to mismanagement. Worried over dry spell, members of Divine Park, Saligrama in DK district are observing special `Varuna Deepa' prayers here since last week. Held for an hour each in the morning and evening, these prayers, which involve reciting mantras of all deities three times and later crying out the name of the deity aloud. This follows seeking repentance of Lord Varuna and taking a solemn oath that water will not be wasted in the future. This process continues till it rains.In North Karnataka, the belief that donkeys are representative of `Lakshmi, Goddess of wealth, makes people arrange for their marriages. Marriage of frogs too is not new to the region, but is held more when the rains are not on time and has a bearing on the khariff or rabi season. When rains failed at height of khariff sowing last year, Nargund in Gadag district saw the tradition of frogs being married on a small scale, and donkeys on a bigger scale.Gopankoppa, near Hubli, saw villagers there marry off buffaloes six months ago when rains had failed. It is more of a village festival when donkeys and buffaloes are married where everyone chips in to meet the cost of the marriage and sweet dishes are prepared and distributed, says Chandrakanth Hiremath of Nargund. Such rituals become more pronounced in Old Mysore region. These are common practices resorted to when nature appears to be getting better of human calculations and the need for certitudes is felt like never before.(Inputs from Basavaraj F Kattimani and MB Maramkal)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12631717", "title": "Chief minister orders steps to ease traffic snarls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a serious note of traffic problem in the city, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has directed officials to formulate plans and implement it on priority basis. He has asked officials to make short, medium and long term plans to remove traffic snarls.\"Under the short term plan, such methods should be implemented by which citizens could get immediate benefits, permanent arrangement should be made for smooth movement of traffic under the medium term plan while a long term plan should be so developed for Lucknow which can make it an ideal and modern city\", he pointed out.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav while presiding over the first cabinet meeting on March 15 had directed for a proper management for streamlining the increasing traffic pressure in big cities of the state. Some important decisions regarding effecting improvements in traffic were taken at a meeting held here on Wednesday under chairmanship of Rakesh Garg, principal secretary to the chief minister.It was decided in the meeting that from now no parking would be allowed at any crossing in Lucknow nor tempos, auto rickshaws and city buses will be allowed parking except at the places fixed for them in order to avoid traffic jams. Strict action would be taken against violators, including influential persons. Further, parking of vehicles would not be allowed on the roadside as it hinders movement of traffic. tnnOther important decisions taken at the meeting included making available encroachment free zebra lines for pedestrians, widening of crossings, wherever possible construct 'free late turn' and construction of flyovers under the long term plan to ease traffic congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12629171", "title": "'Hydel projects will bring prosperity to Arunachal'", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh industries minister Tapang Taloh has asked the people to cooperate with the government for development of hydel projects, which once commissioned would change the economy of the cash-starved state. Addressing a public meeting at Pasighat in East Siang district on Tuesday, the minister said the state would be one of the richest states in the country if the state's hydro-power potential was used properly.\"Some of the projects will be commissioned by 2014 and they will help revenue generation and development of the state,\" the minister asserted. He also informed that the area has an abundance of limestone.Further divulging that the government was planning to set up a food processing unit in the area, he appealed one and all to create a congenial atmosphere and help promote industries to solve the unemployment problem and bringing prosperity to the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631483", "title": "May deadline on major road repairs likely to be missed", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body makes ambitious plans but fails to achieve its targets. After handing over work of repairing major roads to \"tainted\" contractors, it is grappling to complete it before the May deadline. Of 161 roads, it plans to drop 35 in the city. Major road repairs will cost the civic body over Rs 500 crore.TOI has highlighted the civic body's inability to stick to deadlines on road work. In the first deadline for major road work, the civic body finished less than 30% work. Roads dropped will be taken up after the monsoon.\"There have been constraints. We have to deal with traffic constraints. We cannot start work without traffic department permission. Utilities too have to give sanction,\" a roads department official said.The civic chief had laid out a six-year concretization programme. This year, the civic body is struggling to finish 60 km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12631299", "title": "Kalyan principal appointed Mumbai University\u2019s pro-vice-chancellor", "text": "Naresh Chandra, principal of Birla College of Arts, Science and Commerce, Kalyan, was on Wednesday appointed as Mumbai University's pro-vice-chancellor. In making the appointment, Governor K Sankaranarayanan filled up a post that was vacant for a year-and-a-half.However, Chandra will not have much time on hand. Next June, he turns 60, which is the retirement age for a pro-VC. After that, he will have to go back to his college.He is not new to the university's functioning, having held the pro-VC's post from April 1997 to May 2000, when Snehalata Deshmukh was vice-chancellor. After that stint, it became clear that Chandra was not interested in playing second fiddle to anyone. In 2010, he battled it out with Rajan Welukar for the coveted post of VC, losing out to his rival. Thereupon, he continued as principal of his college.Chandra holds an MSc, MPhil and PhD in botany. He has specialized in plant biotechnology, phytochemistry, plant tissue culture and plant physiology. He has guided 11 research students for PhDs.He told TOI after his appointment that he was happy he had been chosen as pro-VC. He said he would be drawing up a list of key areas that needed to be addressed and would act on fixing them. \"I will work as a facilitator with the VC and will work towards strengthening the university, along with my colleagues.\"He said he knew the university's functioning and would resume work as pro-VC on Thursday morning after a brief meeting with the VC. As the president of the University of Mumbai College Principals' Association, Chandra also shares a good rapport with the principals' lobby.Only time will tell whether Chandra will be joined by three more pro-VCs or not; Welukar's recommendation to make those appointments is still awaiting the government's nod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629768", "title": "A tribute to Badal Sircar", "text": "KOLKATA: He had shunned conventional theatre and proscenium plays quite early in his illustrious career. Liberating plays from the confines of the auditorium, he had triggered the third theatre movement that revolutionized stagecraft in India. Maverick theatre personality Badal Sircar never went public explaining his stance, which was often severely criticized. In his only recorded interview, a part of a documentary on him, to be released on May 13 - his first death anniversary, Sircar defends and explains his philosophy. It will be followed by a host of other programmes, including performance of his plays and seminars on his theatre philosophy which could be attended by eminent stage actors from around the country.Directed by Sudeb Sinha, the documentary titled \"A Face in the Procession\", was shot between 2008 and 2010. The veteran actor had was almost retired then and his movements were severely restricted following a hip fracture. \"Yet, he opened up after a point and passionately recounted how he had fallen in love with theatre as a child. It grew stronger after he went to London to study town planning. Sircar would visit the British Museum and read up books on theatre,\" said Sinha. In the interview, Sircar has also explained his decision to quit the auditorium. \"He argues that he never liked the idea of keeping the audience in the dark which conventional theatre does. Also, he had a problem with the stage which, he felt, created a barrier between the audience and the actors. Theatre needed to reach out to the poeple, he says in the interview.Even though his viewpoint is known, it has rarely come across as strongly as in this interview,\" said Sinha.The film, of one hour and 15 minutes, is now in the final stages of editing. \"We have shot hours and hours of the interview that actually went on for three years. It's a difficult editing job, but a very welcome challenge as well. There's a lot that students of theatre can learn from this film ,\" added Sinha. Apart from the documentary, Sircar's plays will be staged for two days beginning May 13. \"We are getting in touch with theatre groups from the districts that stage Sircar's plays. A few from Kolkata that enact his plays will also be invitedWe hope to see plays like \"Bhoma\" and \"Michhil\" after several years,\" said Sinha.Theatre personalities from around the country are expected to attend the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12629460", "title": "Tikku murder suspect's escape bares police rift", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch managed to recapture Vijay Palande, who masterminded the murder of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku, a few hours after his embarrassing escape because of \"the carelessness of a few constables\"-but not before the incident underlined the sloppiness of police escorts and the old chasm between the crime branch and the local police.According to the official version, Palande took flight around 8.15pm while he and co-accused Dhananjay Shinde were being ferried by crime branch members in a police vehicle to the department's Teli Galli office in Andheri (East). A little distance before the building, the vehicle got stuck in a traffic snarl and, the crime branch says, one of the two constables sitting on either side of Palande got down to clear the jam. Using the opportunity, Palande jumped out of the vehicle and ran off. A few constables darted behind him, but Palande, using the cover of the traffic chaos, gave them the slip. The crime branch caught him again around 12.15am on Wednesday near Churchgate.The official version of events left many unconvinced, including policemen. They asked why the second constable sitting next to Palande did not react on seeing him escape. And why was Palande not handcuffed given that he has spent nine years in prison for a murder, is reportedly an associate of gangster Suresh Shetty and has now been accused in another murder case?More importantly, they lamented the rift between the crime branch and the local police that Palande's escape yet again highlighted. The crime branch, sources said, did not inform the control room or local police officers about Palande's escape. Only the seniormost crime branch officers and members of the crime branch's unit-8 were in the loop till at least 11.30pm. This meant that no alerts were sounded, no nakabandis were set up to nab Palande, and no local cop was on the lookout for him. Sources said the crime branch in fact misled the Oshiwara police by claiming that the delay in handing over Palande was due to the fact that it was interrogating him.\"It is not necessary to alert everyone all the time. The seniormost officer of the force must be informed about an event like this and he should take a call accordingly,\" argued a senior IPS officer.Still, the lapse in alerting the force at large is serious considering that Palande was making plans to leave the country. During the course of his interrogation on Wednesday, Palande said that he fled the police vehicle because he got \"scared\". From Andheri (East) he went to S V Road in Andheri (West), where he bought some clothes and made changes to his hairstyle. He then travelled to Churchgate and asked a relative on phone to bring his passport to the international airport on Wednesday morning. Police officers said he planned to fly to Bangkok and never return to India.An old associate of Shetty, Palande was convicted for the 1998 murder of a union leader. He was also charged in 2006 for forgery, whereby he acquired a fake passport for himself in the name of Kiran Kanubhai Vana.A distant relative of Palande is reportedly a police officer. He was arrested on Tuesday from Karad in Satara district for the Saturday night murder of Tikku.On Wednesday, the crime branch filed a separate FIR against Palande at Andheri police station over his escape bid. Further, joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy ordered a departmental inquiry into the incident. \"Assistant commissioner of police Arvind Mahabadi has been asked to inquire into the episode and file a report. Our course of action will be decided thereafter,\" said Roy. Two police sub inspectors and two police constables of crime branch unit-8 who were escorting Palande are under the scanner for their negligence, sources said.After the escape fiasco, all policemen have been urged to be cautious when ferrying dangerous suspects, particularly gangsters. They have been told to ensure that there are enough police escorts and the suspect is handcuffed in cases permitted by the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12635569", "title": "Shiv Sena nominee stabbed in outer Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another incident of violence involving a municipal poll candidate, a Shiv Sena nominee was stabbed in outer Delhi on Thursday morning by four persons with police saying it appears to be a case of personal rivalry not linked with elections.Sunil Kumar, contesting from Rohini ward, was on way to a barber shop when he was attacked in Rohini at around 10:30am and he suffered \"superficial\" injuries in the incident, a senior police official said.This is the second violent incident involving MCD candidates in the past three days. A BJP candidate Madhav Prasad was arrested along with two others for allegedly stabbing to death a party worker with whom they had differences.According to police, Kumar had told investigators that four men came while he was on way for a hair-cut. \"Two of them caught hold of him while two others stabbed him. They fled the spot after the incident,\" the official said quoting Kumar.Nobody has been arrested so far.Kumar has a case of attempted culpable homicide not amounting to murder registered against him in 2007 in Sultanpuri police station. The case is pending before additional session Judge's court in Rohini, according to the affidavit filed by him while nominations for the MCD polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12628815", "title": "Dementia cases worldwide will triple by 2050: WHO", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly 3.7 million people in India are suffering from dementia, and this number is set to double over the next 20 years, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).Worldwide, nearly 35.6 million people live with dementia. This number is expected to double by 2030 (65.7 million) and more than triple by 2050 (115.4 million). There are 7.7 million new cases of dementia each year - a new case is being detected somewhere in the world in every four seconds.Dementia is a syndrome, usually of a chronic nature, caused by a variety of brain illnesses that affect memory, thinking, behaviour and ability to perform everyday activities. Alzheimer's is the most common cause of dementia, and possibly contributes to up to 70% of cases.Dementia affects people in all countries, with more than half (58%) living in low- and middle-income countries. By 2050, this is likely to rise to more than 70%. Along with this count goes up the social and financial burden associated with care for those with dementia. Around 70% of caregivers for dementia patients in Indian households are women.Globally, the cost for treatment and care for dementia patients is being pegged at more than $604 billion annually. This includes the cost of providing social and healthcare as well the reduction or loss of income for dementia patients and their caregivers.A new report - 'Dementia: A Public Health Priority' - published by the WHO, recommends improving early diagnosis, raising public awareness about the disease and reducing stigma and providing better care and more support to caregivers.Lack of diagnosis is a major problem. Even in high-income countries, only one-fifth to one half of cases of dementia are routinely recognized, says WHO. And when a diagnosis is made, it often comes at a relatively late stage of the disease. \"We need to increase our capacity to detect dementia early. Healthcare workers are often not adequately trained to recognize dementia,\" says WHO's Dr Oleg Chestnov.WHO warns that India, which is witnessing a greying population, will face serious problems in tackling the disease. \"The government of India has begun to realize the extent of the situation and the need to establish dementia-sensitive services. The next few years will see the establishment of the National Institute of Ageing, and special provisions for people with dementia in the National Policy for Older People and the National Mental Health Programme,\" the report says.Dementia mainly affects older people, mostly above 65 years. Particularly rapid increases in the numbers and proportions of older people are forecast for China, India and Latin America. By 2050, people aged 60 and above will account for 22% of the world's population, four-fifths living in Africa, Asia and Latin America. The report adds, \"It is estimated that by 2050 the world population over 60 years will be 2 billion.\"Around 2%-10% of all cases of dementia start before 65 years. The prevalence doubles with every five-year increment after 65 years. Dementia is one of the major causes of disability in old age. It accounts for 11.9% of the years lived with disability due to a non-communicable disease and is the leading cause for dependency (need for care) and disability among senior citizens.WHO said nearly 142 million people in the south-east Asia region are above 60 years. The number of aged people will double by 2025, and triple by 2050 compared to 2000. The average life expectancy in most countries in the region will be above 75 years by 2050.Overall, nearly 7.5% of India's population is 60 years and above. In rural India, 7.5% people are aged 60+, while in urban India the corresponding figure is 7%.According to the 2006 World Population Prospects, India's 80+ population will increase more than six times from the existing 78 lakh to about 5.14 crore by 2050. Now, 20% of this category in India suffers from Alzheimer's Disease. The 65+ population is expected to quadruple from 6.4 crore in 2005 to 23.9 crore, while those aged 60+ will increase from 8.4 crore to 33.5 crore over the next 43 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630680", "title": "Student held for stealing mobile phones", "text": "CHENNAI: A Presidency College student was arrested on Tuesday for trying to steal four mobile phones from Law College students near Anna Square.Police said Ashok approached the law college students chatting at the park near the Marina swimming pool and asked one of them to give him a mobile phone as he wanted to inform a relative about his nephew who was admitted to Government General hospital. Believing him, the student, Thiagu, gave Ashok his phone.Subsequently, Ashok borrowed three more mobile phones from Thiagu's friends one after the other saying that the network of each device was fluctuating. He then pretended to speak on one phone, claimed the signal was weak and slowly began to move away. Thiagu and his friends saw Ashok running away with all the four phones, gave chased and nabbed him. He was thrashed before being handed over to the Anna Square police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636149", "title": "Vishwajeet Pradhan gets a new name", "text": "He entered the tinsel town as a notorious killer Jaichand in late Feroz Khan's movie Yalgaar. Years after Vishwajeet Pradhan got a new name to terrorise the audience, SSP Brahmanand Jakhar.Although the serial Maryada: Lekin Kab Tak? is going off air on 13 April 2012 but the multihued character of the daily soap has helped the suave actor to win many a heart, not only in India but also on foreign terrains. \"Once I had gone for a shoot at a remote Fiji island in the middle of Pacific Ocean and I was thoroughly bowled over the popularity of this character there! I've also got positive feedback from UK , USA, Canada , Pakistan and Dubai for my performance as Brahmanad,\" recalls the actor.Vishwajeet who has acted in more than 170 films in multiple characters, believes that the small screen is more commanding and has widen approach than films. \"At least, the hazard of role-chopping or flopping of a movie at the BO is not here,\" he corrects.Is it the reason of his limited appearances on silver screen these days? \"It's not like that but yes to a certain extent I was committed to the daily soap and thus refused many offers. Presently, I am doing only two films, My Friend Ganesha 4 and Border Order . However, more films are now on cards.\"Will he be a baddie in these movies too? \"Actually, of late less significant is left for villains in Bollywood. It is an irony that the era of crafty villains such as Gabbar Singh or Mogambo has gone away. Pran, Ajit's shrewdness, Mahmood's rib tickling comedy and Helen or Bindu's beguiling and glamorous dance numbers are being performed by our top-notch actors and actresses, respectively,\" he laments.Ask him about the future of villains and he says smilingly \" It is evergreen. No one can imagine Rama without Ravana. Where there is a hero, there is always a villain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12630474", "title": "Mankulam panchayat to sell power to Kerala State Electricity Board", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Mankulam grama panchayat in Idukki will ink a deal with the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) for selling the power it generates through the Mankulam mini-hydroelectric power project.The project was initiated by the panchayat with the help of the Energy Management Centre (EMC), Steel Industries Kerala Limited (SILK) and the Trivandrum Centre of United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO).The power purchase agreement (PPA) would be signed by electricity minister Aryadan Mohammed, said Elsy Eldhose, Mankulam panchayat vice-president.The powerhouse has two turgo impulse turbines, which can each generate 55KW of power daily. It is near the Pambumkayam waterfalls, just a kilometre away from Mankulam town.This panchayat, however, lacks connectivity and lags behind in development. It has around 3,250 families including those living in seven tribal villages. One-third of the population is made up of tribal people.Following testing by KSEB and inspection by the electrical inspectorate, the project could be commissioned any time, said G Anil, who heads the small hydro power division of EMC.The overall production estimated from the two generators is around 5.5 lakh units/year. With the Energy Regulatory Commission fixing the rate at Rs 2.94/unit, the panchayat is set to earn a gross revenue of around Rs 14 lakh annually.\"The revenue will be used to increase power production by adding more generators. We are also trying to put in place a system to supply electricity from the power house to the panchayat when KSEB supply fails,\" Elsy said.The panchayat is also planning to develop the area into a tourist spot by directing the water from the power house to the catchment area.\"A small bund will help in converting the area into one that will facilitate boating,\" she said.\"Once the project is commissioned, we will employ four workers on daily wages for maintenance work,\" Elsy said.An experienced agency will be entrusted with the job of maintaining the power house, she added.The panchayat has also the rare distinction of generating power for its own use. The project which got commissioned in 2004, however lasted only for two years. Once the KSEB power supply reached this region, the project lost its relevance and the generators were surrendered to the KSEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630504", "title": "Bar Association opposes CAT circuit bench at Madurai", "text": "CHENNAI: Members of the Service Bar Association (SBA) have objected to the proposal to form a circuit bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) at Madurai. The members of the association came to know about the development only after CAT announced the decision, in compliance with an order passed by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on a writ petition recently.The Bar association noted that it was not taken into confidence before the proposal was placed for consideration. A note posted by L Chandrakumar, president of SBA said they were not aware of the circumstances and materials considered by CAT. Members were not aware of any study on administrative feasibility or financial viability undertaken by officials to set up a circuit bench at Madurai.\"A similar proposal to set up a circuit bench at Puducherry about six years ago was a failure. We have now been given the materials that were used to arrive at the decision but are still opposed to it,\" Chandrakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12629275", "title": "Industry threatens stir over octroi issue", "text": "NASHIK: All trade and industry bodies across Nashik on Wednesday unanimously decided to launch an indefinite agitation on the octroi issue in Nashik, after the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) called a special general body meeting (GBM) on Friday to discuss the continuation of privatization of octroi collection.A delegation of associations will also meet MNS chief Raj Thackeray to urge him to cancel the privatization of octroi recovery. The issue was on top of the MNS's manifesto during the recent NMC elections.The NMC privatized octroi recovery last year. The contract the NMC signed with a private firm is ending on May 18. The GBM, to be held on Friday, is to discuss whether to continue the privatization of octroi recovery.A joint meeting of office bearers of around 25 trade and industrial associations was held at NIMA House. \"We decided to launch agitations if the decision to cancel privatization of octroi collection is not taken at the GBM scheduled on Friday,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA).\"NMC gets around 80% of octroi from the industries and the trades. Industrialists and traders are being harassed at octroi check points,\" Bele said.Digvijay Kapadia, president, All India Federation of Cloth Retailer's Association and former president of Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture said, \"All trade and industry bodies will launch agitations if the decision to cancel the privatization of octroi collection is not taken at the GBM.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630666", "title": "HC reserves orders on plea to lift ban on LTTE", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Wednesday reserved orders on petitions to vacate a central government order, dated May 14, 2010, extending the ban on the LTTE by two more years. A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal reserved the verdict without mentioning any date.The ban on the Sri Lankan extremist organisation, which has been in force since 1992, was re-issued by the Centre on May 14, 2010. The matter was referred to a statutory panel headed by high court judge Justice Vikramjit Sen for ratification. In November 2010, the tribunal rejected the pleas of MDMK leader Vaiko and others to lift the ban on the ground that no member of the banned organisation had challenged the ban.Justice Sen had said: \"Indian soil is being used for unlawful activities propelled by the remnant cadres of the LTTE. There is sufficient material to declare the LTTE as unlawful association as contemplated under the Prevention of Unlawful Activities Act. Illegal immigration of LTTE cadres through coastal areas, smuggling of narcotics to raise funds and supply of fuel and explosives from the Indian soil are all evidence of the active presence of LTTE in India.\" The present petitions were directed against the tribunal's finding.Vaiko told the court that the ban in India was unjustified because the organisation never sought to annex any part of India to the proposed Tamil Eelam. Advocate M Radhakrishnan, who represented another petitioner P Pugalenthi of Prisoners Rights Forum, also opposed the ban and wanted it to be quashed.Additional solicitor-general of south India M Ravindran, representing the Centre, said no member of the banned outfit had challenged the validity of the ban and that Vaiko and others had been rightly declared as persons without any locus standi by the tribunal. Advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan informed the court that the Tamil Nadu government adopted the Centre's stand on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629829", "title": "Petition filed against Sainbari commission", "text": "KOLKATA: A writ petition was filed in Calcutta high court on Wednesday against the Mamata Banerjee-led government's decision to set up Justice Arunava Basu Commission to inquire into the March 17, 1970 Sainbari massacre.The petition filed by Rajat Banerjee argues that former chief minister Sidhartha Shankar Ray on May 26, 1971 had constituted the Justice Tarapada Mukherjee Commission to probe the case and the state government can't order another judicial commission afresh on the same incident. CPM politburo member Nirupam Sen and CPM leaders Benoy Konar and Amal Haldar were among the 67 accused in the case. The gruesome incident occurred when allegedly a large group of CPM activists attacked Sain family, killing three people. Trial wasn't completed as the Left government withdrew the case after coming to power in 1977. The petition maintains instead of acting on the Mukherjee Commission report that state is breaching constitutional provisions by ordering another inquiry. tnnCPM has always maintained that raking up a four-decade old case smacks of political vendetta with Assembly Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra on several occasions requesting the government to reconsider its decision. Trinamool has maintained it was a pre-poll promise made to people. Congress had supported the decision to institute a fresh commission in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12636352", "title": "Infosys: Analysts expect lacklustre forecast", "text": "BANGALORE: Information technology major Infosys' guidance will be under more scrutiny than ever before when it announces its fourth quarter results on Friday as the firm's growth forecast has come under a cloud of doubt.Market analysts expect Infosys to continue giving growth guidance, though forecast for the year ended March 31, 2013, is expected to be muted at between 11% and 14% growth in dollar terms.For the three months to June, firm is expected to guide for a 2-3 % revenue growth. Guidance for earnings per share, or EPS, is expected to be in the range of Rs 161-165.First off the block during IT sector earnings season, Infosys' annual forecast has set the tone for the industry for several years as it is the only one besides Cognizant that gives full year growth guidance. Upcoming earnings season for Indian IT services firms comes in the backdrop of improving macro-economic stability in the US and European markets even as clients are taking longer than before to finalise technology budgets.Cautious spending by clients continue to worry these firms. \"With uncertainty clouding discretionary spending (on technology ) outlook, we believe management would not guide higher than 14%,\" Bank of America-Merrill Lynch analysts Mitali Ghosh and Kunal Tayala wrote in a report.The analysts also expect currency fluctuations to impact Infosys. Infosys, which had made a habit of beating the upper end of its revenue guidance year after year, has missed the upper end of its guidance in constant currency terms at least a couple of times in the recent past and last year revised its forecast downwards twice during the year.Infosys started fiscal year 2012 with a forecast of 18-20 % growth but lowered it to 16.4% in third quarter with flat growth expectation of 0-0 .2% in the just concluded quarter. Infosys is expected to grow revenues between 0.6% and 1.5% in dollar terms in the March quarter but the growth is expected to be lower than competitors. Rival Wipro, for instance, has said it expects to grow between 1% and 3%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12633683", "title": "Aarushi murder case: SC refuses to hear Nupur Talwar's plea today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has refused to hear on Thursday a plea by Nupur Talwar against a non-bailable warrant against her in the Aarushi muder case issued by a special Ghaziabad court on Wednesday.Nupur Talwar has also challenged the Allahabad HC order taking away the protection of arrest.Nupur Talwar, who is an accused in the murder of her teenaged daughter Aarushi Talwar , is on the run with CBI counducting raids to locate her.Searches were carried by the CBI at Talwars' Azad Apartments residence in south Delhi on Wednesday night.On Wednesday, a special Ghaziabad court had issued a non-bailable warrant(NBW) against Nupur for not appearing for a hearing of the case.Nupur Talwar had submitted an application before the court through her lawyer saying that since her review petition was to be heard by the Supreme Court on April 27, she could not turn up before the court on Wednesday.Opposing her application, the CBI claimed that Nupur Talwar was willfully evading her appearance before the court.Aarushi, 14, was found dead inside her Noida residence in May, 2008 with her throat slit. The body of the Talwars' domestic servant Hemraj, initially a suspect in the case, was recovered from the terrace a day later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630775", "title": "Gear up for a powerless day", "text": "BANGALORE: It's going to be a dark and sweaty Thursday this week. Many parts of the city will plunge into darkness as there will power cuts for a couple of hours at a stretch.There will be no power supply from 10am to 3pm on Thursday in the following areas:K&C; VALLEY MUSS: GLSWP ( Golf Link Software Private Limited), Challaghatta, B Nagasansra, NAL Road, SR Layout, NR Layout, PR Layout, Rustumbagh, Yamalur, Kempapura, HAL Airport, Fpsilon Layout, Ashwini Layout, NAL Control Tower, Amarjyothi Layout, parts of Domulr, Murugesh Palya, Konena Agrahara, Agaram Dairy, NAL EHT Installation.There will be no power supply from 10am to 11am and 2pm to 3pm on Thursday in these areas:Austin Town MUSS: Victoria Layout Palm Grove Road, Linden Street, Austin Town, Vannarpet, Sonnenahally, Viveknagar, Maya Bazaar Ayappa Temple Block, Xavier Layout, Rudrappa Garden, Ukada Palya, Jairaj Nagar, Neelasandra, Grape Garden, Richmond Town, Anjeneya Temple Street, BWSSB Water Supply Camel Road, Cement Line, Neelasandra Parrpa Garden, Munegowda Garden, Aneplaya Area, Domlur I &amp; VII Cross, Rhenieus Street, Langford Road, Richmond Town, Kingston Road, East Street, Shanthi Nagar, Johnson Market, Serpentine Street, Bride Street, MG Road, Vittal Mallya Road, Hayes Road, Residency Road, St Marks Road, Museum Road, Siddaiah Road, Military Area, Cornwell Road.NGV KORAMANGALA MUSS : Yamuna Block, Judicial Block, Kapila Block, Shimsha Block, Krishna Block, Sharavathi Block, Nethravathi Block in National Games Village (NGV), Koramangala block No. I, III, IV, V, VI, &amp; VII, Audugodi, Acro Police Apartment, Nethravathi Nagar, Rajendra Nagar, Ambedkar Nagar, LR Nagar, Raheja Residency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631513", "title": "Andheri inspector fails to identify constable who handcuffed accused", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday expressed surprise when told that a senior inspector of Andheri police station could not identify a constable who allegedly handcuffed an accused in the magistrate's court last May.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a public interest litigation by NGO Criminal Justice Initiative on rampant public handcuffing and fettering of persons in violation of Supreme Court's directions. The PIL had highlighted three incidents.Public prosecutor Pandurang Pol said inspector Pradeep Gosavi could not identity the policeman in the photograph. \"This is too much. We find it difficult to believe. You don't recognize your own man?\" asked Justice Bobde, adding that Gosavi must file an affidavit saying so.The judges questioned why the probe was taking \"so long\" in the May 2011 Nashik incident, where students were fettered to examination desks for allegedly participating in anti-SEZ protests. Pol initially said investigations were on and the superintendent of police was to file an affidavit, but he could not as he was on two months' training. The judges observed that training was a regular feature and court proceedings could not be held up on account of it. \"You could have called him from his training. What investigation is this? Is it some delicate crime? Look up your records,\" said Justice Bobde.Pol also told the court they could not identity the policeman in an August 2011 picture showing him escorting a prisoner, handcuffed and fettered with ropes on the way to Hutatma Chowk. \"As per our records, nothing has happened,'' said Pol. The judges said they wanted to know who was on duty. \"We assume nobody unauthorized will take the prisoner,'' said Justice Bobde.Pol said the constable was not from the Mumbai police as they wear yellow bands on their caps, while the one in the picture had a red band. Pol said he may be from the district or railway police. \"We have no reason to disbelieve he does not belong to the Mumbai police,'' the judges said, adjourning the matter to two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "12630989", "title": "National Institute of Technologyhosts meet on MGNREGA", "text": "ROURKELA: A four-day training programme on MGNREGA began at the National Institute of Technology (NIT), Rourkela, on Wednesday. The workshop for state government officials will discuss ways for better implementation of the scheme.Sources said the Union ministry of rural development identified NIT, Rourkela, as a national institutional network (NIN) institute for monitoring, supervising, impact assessment, providing feedback and capacity building of engineers/officials involved in MGNREGA work. In the first step, NIT, Rourkela, has been entrusted to impart training and organize orientation programme cum workshop for capacity building of field engineers associated with the scheme in Odisha.The training programme will focus on MGNREGA projects and their implementation, civil engineering materials and their characterization, low volume rural roads and their construction aspects, engineering aspects of Bharat Nirmal Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendra, watershed development and management, remote sensing and GIS applications for watershed development. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12630608", "title": "Waste treatment plant in the offing for Mapusa", "text": "Mapusa: The Mapusa Municipal Council (MMC) plans to put a \"permanent end\" to the city's garbage problem with the construction of a garbage treatment plant at Cunchelim. MMC officials have acquired 32,000 sq m of land for the construction of the plant, which is expected to be set up in the next two years.\"Land is already in our possession and a tender notice has been issued for the construction of a compound wall, which will begin soon,\" said MMC chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar.The municipality has spent 2.30 crore for the land acquisition and will spend 47 lakh to construct the compound wall.On an average, 15-20 tonnes of garbage is generated per day within the Mapusa municipal jurisdiction. MMC officials assume that in the next 25 years, around 50 tonnes of garbage will be generated in Mapusa.The MMC councillors and engineers recently visited garbage treatment plants in Pune, Nashik and Kolhapur to study their functioning. \"The plants we saw are capable of treating 500-1,000 tonnes of garbage. We have to set up a plant suitable to our needs,\" Kandolkar said.MMC has released a consultancy appointment notice and three consultancy firms have applied. \"After a scrutiny, a consultant will be appointed within this week, who will guide us in deciding on a suitable plant for Mapusa city,\" Kandolkar added.Currently, garbage is treated at the Assagao plateau. The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) sent 12 observations to the municipality regarding the scientific treatment of the garbage. The Mapusa municipality has to comply with these norms-segregating the waste, setting up a compound wall, treating the garbage in a scientific manner etc.Kandolkar also said that because of the high court orders staying the issue of a construction license and the occupancy certificate by the municipality for establishments in its jurisdiction because of the lack of a scientific garbage treating facility, the MMC was losing one crore per annum.\"We are complying with the GSPCB norms. With a labour force of 50 persons, almost 90% of the conditions have been met. Hopefully the stay will be lifted soon,\" Kandolkar said.Stating that no garbage will be dumped at the new site until the plant is ready, Kandolkar said, \"Once the new garbage treatment plant is set up, the garbage problem will be permanently solved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12629906", "title": "22 complaints against 15 state ministers are being investigated: Lokayukt", "text": "KANPUR: NK Mehrotra the Lokayukt of Uttar Pradesh in a seminar conducted by the local unit of All India lawyers union here on Wednesday said, \"22 complaints against 15 state ministers are being investigated by the Lokayukt.\"Addressing the lawyers and media persons in the seminar at The lawyers Associaiton hall, Justice Mehrotra said that there were many complaints against the ministers of former government.While few of them were solved and ministers were punished,remaining were being investigated.He informed that there were 39 complaints against 38 legislatures also. About a dozen legislatures had tendered unconditional apology before the lokayukt office when they were summoned to present their submission against complaints.Justice Mehrotra discussing the topic \"Corruption accountability and Judicial reforms\" started his speech with corruption in various sectors of society and said only people could check it. Replying to a question that Lokayukt is a toothless body, he further said that one should wait for some time as state government was considering the proposal to attribute more powers. Proposal for the punishment power was pending before the new government.His term as lokayukt was over but because of his good work new government had extended his term. \"Lokayukt office had marked its presence in the society when people had remarked that Lokayukt was a white elephant. But now lokayukt and its office was most fearful place for every corrupt legislature or officer\", he said. Advocating for a strong lokpal bill, Justice Mehrotra said that country needs a strong lokpal and government should strive for it. He was against to bring the judiciary under Lokpal.''Keep the judiciary independent other wise it would act under pressure,\" he added.Replying to a question about local former health minister Anant Mishra, Justice Mehrotra said there was not a single complaint against Anant Mishra from Kanpur. Lokayukt had just one complaint against principal GSVM medical college and that was being investigated.Earlier, Sayeed Naqvi, advocate and state secretary of All India Lawyers Association introduced the topic of discussion and said that April 12 was a significant day as it was birth date of Justice Hansraj Khanna who had given verdict against Emergency and in turn had lost his turn of Chief Justice of Supreme Court.Earlier senior counsel Radha Krishna Pandey inaugurated the function of local unit.In fresh election Suresh Singh Chauhan and Kareem Ahmad Siddiqui advocate got extension of one more term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12629873", "title": "BJP to field men from 30 seats in Patiala municipal corporation polls", "text": "PATIALA: The BJP in Patiala wants to double the number of contestants in the forthcoming elections of the municipal corporation in the state.In the last MC polls, it had fought over 15 seats in Patiala and won 9 seats, but this time the BJP wants to fight for at least 30 seats, out of total 50, so that it could stake claim over mayor's chair, which has been with the Shiromani Akali Dal for last 5 years.\"We have decided to contest from 30 seats this time, if we get more tickets. It all depends on numbers and if we have good numbers, we can also stake claim for the post of mayor,\" said Anil Bajaj, senior deputy mayor of BJP, on Wednesday.As per present MC house, the SAD has 35 councillors, BJP 9, while remaining 6 with the Congress.Many senior BJP local leaders feel that Akalis won majority of seats, as they fought over 35 seats and had the BJP fought over more seats their number would also have increased in house and they could have their mayor also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629769", "title": "Is Naxal woman behind blast near Pustola?", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior woman Naxal cadre is likely to have played a key role behind the blast near Pustola in Dhanora Tehsil which claimed the lives of 13 Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) troopers on March 27.The name of Indira, secretary of the Chatgaon area committee, is doing the rounds for her alleged involvement in masterminding the blast along with senior colleague Vikram, who is a commander of the Chatgaon Local Guerilla Squad.Police said that members of the Chatgaon dalam were behind the blast. A section of the security forces also claimed that a platoon (a small unit) along with the Chatgaon dalam may have executed the blast.TOI has learnt that Indira, a native of Chhattisgarh, could have triggered the blast given her good technical skills and experience with various platoons.Those arrested so far said that Indira planned the blast while Vikram did a recce of the area before the plan was put in place. The naxals had already triggered two major blasts on the same vulnerable stretch.Before the latest incident, a woman Naxal cadre's role in the Markegaon incident in which 15 policemen died and the Laheri attack where 17 security personnel were killed in 2009, came to the forefront.Last year at Makadchuha, it was the solo fight of commander Rajitha of Chatgaon dalam which had kept the CRPF, COBRA and C-60 commandos at bay for several hours. Her body was retrieved later.Apart from Indira, the police have come across several names of the other women who aided the dalam in the blast. A senior official of Gadchiroli police said that even the minutest information is being verified before any arrests or detentions are made.Police have already arrested 11 persons in connection with the blast. Two arrests were made from Pakhanjur in Chhattisgarh from where batteries were used for the blast.Sources said that the improvised explosive device (IED) could have been used on the road between Karwafa and Phulbodi Gatta on the night of March 23. The IED was planted a day before the three-day civic action programme of the CRPF was to kick-off at Phulbodi-Gatta where the troopers were heading in the minibus which was blown up.Police are now probing whether the Naxals knew about the CRPF's plan in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12629987", "title": "Suspect\u2019s model flatmate quizzed", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Wednesday questioned a small time model, Simran Sood, to gain more information about Vijay Palande alias Karan Soon, the mastermind behind the murder of Delhi-based business consultant Arunkumar Tikku. Cops said it was Simran who introduced Arunkumar's son Anuj to Palande, and that Palande and she were living together in a rented flat in Andheri (West).Officers stressed that Simran is not a suspect in the murder case and that they quizzed her to find out her association with Palande. Her questioning was in addition to that of Anuj's, who was also interrogated on Tuesday. Anuj, officers said, often visited Palande's Andheri residence.Cops escorted Anuj on Wednesday to Oshiwara crematorium as he and his relatives cremated Arunkumar. Anuj's close relatives said that Anuj wants to return to Delhi since he feels \"unsafe\" in Mumbai. \"He is even scared to step out of the police station,\" said a relative.Another relative said the police told him that Palande had appropriated houses in the past by befriending their owners first. According to the police, the motive behind Arunkumar's murder was to usurp the plush Lokhandwala apartment he had purchased for Anuj. The accused men had plotted to slowly seize the property from Anuj but Arunkumar's sudden arrival from Delhi made them change their plan.The Oshiwara police took the custody of the three accused-Palande, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh-from the crime branch and produced them before a local court, which remanded them to 10 days in police custody.At the cremation, Anuj's uncle Sanjay Kaul said, \"My cousin Arun was a soft-spoken person and a thorough gentleman. He kept himself fit. I am sure he must have tried to defend himself when attacked. I had offered to come along with him to Mumbai. Maybe he would been have alive today had I come.\"Another relative of Anuj said, \"My uncle was a good soul. He helped Anuj through all his problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12630176", "title": "Man attempts to steal INS Chakra documents", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Exactly a week after the 8,140-tonne nuclear-powered attack submarine INS Chakra was inducted into the Indian Navy on a 10-year lease from Russia , a brazen attempt was made to steal key documents pertaining to the submarine from a star hotel here on Wednesday.Police are trying to trace the unidentified assailant with the help of the video footage. Speculation is rife that the accused fled The spot by taking away some important documents on security matters. The attempt to steal the secret documents was made in Novotel Hotel room (No. 534) of a high- ranked Russian officer T Alexander when he was away. Alexander, who is a vice admiral rank officer, was shocked to see his room lock broken when he returned around 2.30 pm. He immediately called the police.He had kept 80,000 worth Russian currency, a laptop, some electronic gadgets and Rs 2,000 Indian currency in the room which were intact.A senior police official said the accused had tried in vain to break open the secret locker in the room. But unconfirmed reports said he walked away with some documents from the locker. It remains a mystery as to how the accused could easily make his way to the top ranking official's room in a high-profile star hotel where security is fool-proof. A Clues team and fingerprint experts were rushed to the hotel soon after the Russian's complaint.Sources said Alexander had come to Vizag on March 30 to train the sailors of INS Chakra. \"He would be camping here for nearly a month. Several Russian officers are also staying in star hotels like Park, Taj Gateway and Novotel,\" sources said.When contacted, city police commissioner Purnachandra Rao said that an attempt was made to burgle the room. \"We would track the accused with the help of the video footage and arrest him. No document has been stolen,\" he said. He refused to divulge any further details. Naval authorities refused to comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629785", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation tax bills after no-dues certificate", "text": "KOLKATA: Sanjoy Dutta, a retired government officer from Bhowanipore, was taken aback when he received a demand notice from the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) asking him to pay Rs 1.60 lakh as pending property tax. Prior to this notice, Dutta had cleared his tax dues under the KMC's waiver scheme and also obtained a No Outstanding Certificate (NOC) from the assessment department.Annoyed with the new claim, Dutta called on senior assessment department officials to sort out the problem. His matter was referred to municipal commissioner Arnab Roy who asked chief manager (revenue) Bhaskar Ghosh to probe the case.Dutta is not alone. Amritesh Chakrabarty from Regent Park has a similar predicament. Like Dutta, Chakrabarty paid up the entire outstanding Rs 15,000 after a demand notice was sent to him. Some days later, Chakrabarty received a demand notice for another Rs 20,000 shown as outstanding. Chakrabarty rushed to the Tolly Tax department at Gariahat and took up the matter with senior officials. He was asked to submit an application to the department head at Tolly Tax. No action has been taken as yet.The civic authorities had re-introduced the waiver scheme from February 1 for a period of three months. Sources in the KMC assessment department said that the civic body had mopped up Rs 87 crore from the scheme from a whopping 80,000 tax payers across the city. Of these applicants for waiver, only five tax payers owed Rs 1 crore or more to the civic body.Investigations revealed that the KMC assessment department had actually sent such fresh bills to more than a 100 such tax payers who had obtained an NOC from the department after paying the required bills under the waiver scheme. Owner of a commercial property at Park Street complained that even after paying the outstanding taxes under the waiver scheme, the civic body had sent a hefty outstanding bill afresh.Primary scrutiny revealed that a section of deputy assessor-collectors is primarily responsible for the harassment. However, a senior KMC assessment department official conceded that a section of the civic officials had devised a plan and offered the waiver applicants a scope to pay less than the original outstanding amount. \"We have detected a case where a waiver applicant was asked to pay Rs 12,000 showing that the actual amount was Rs 20,000 and which was lying unpaid since 2000. The waiver applicant had to pay extra for the civic official assured him that a portion of the actual outstanding amount would get deleted. However, the tax payer got a fresh bill showing that Rs 20,000 was unpaid since early 90s,\" the KMC official said.Municipal commissioner Arnab Roy has asked the chief manager (revenue) to submit a report on the harassment and the alleged wrongdoing. \"We will definitely initiate action against those who are responsible for this,\" said a senior KMC official.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that he will not tolerate harassment of tax payers under any circumstance. harassment of the tax payers would be tolerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12630729", "title": "Meet mulls monetization of intellectual property", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) not only prevents the ideas and innovations from getting copied by others by also helps in generating profit in the long run. This is what entrepreneurs and managers of design firms and other professionals learnt at National Institute of Design (NID) on Wednesday.The participants who have come from across the country were taking part at a workshop called 'Monetizing through - Intellectual property for designers and innovators' at NID which introduced the participants to the steps of registering for IPR and well as its importance.Talking about the importance of IPR, NID faculty Bhavin Kothari who was anchoring the three-day workshop, said it is directly related to branding which is a very vital part for profiting in business. \"Branding begins with IPR through registration of trademarks, logos and symbols,\" said Kothari.\"Branding, further, helps a product stand out of other products which in turn help in reaping profit in the longer run. Branding however, is sparsely practiced in the country by entrepreneurs as compared to the west. The common practice of the people in our country is to get into business and start by generating profits first and try to do the branding later on. Things are the other way round in the west. In fact, people from the west have often expressed their curiosity on how the businesses in the country are making profits without branding,\" said Kothari who is the head of Intellectual Property Rights Cell at NID.The workshop will also attend to various other topics like copyrights and myths attached with it, the importance of industrial designs protection, process of industrial design registration, application for trademark registration, strategizing intellectual property for monetization and others in the next two days. Presentation and discussion of case studies, sharing experiences amongst the participants and faculties will also be part of the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12634412", "title": "Aarushi case: No SC relief for Nupur", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nupur Talwar, facing arrest in the twin murder case of her daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, moved the Supreme Court on Thursday seeking stay on the non- bailable warrant (NBW) issued against her by the trial court.A bench of justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar, however, refused to hear her plea on Thursday and said that it would be taken up on Friday.Nupur is facing arrest as the CBI is looking for her and conducted raids yesterday pursuant to the NBW issued against her by a Ghaziabad court.Pleading for an urgent hearing, the dentist' counsel submitted that she is not a fugitive.\"She is not a fugitive and running away from justice,\" senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for her, submitted, while seeking urgent hearing of the case.The bench, however, said the matter is not listed today and it would hear the case on Friday.\"Tomorrow we will see it,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12634641", "title": "Sibal expresses happiness over SC verdict on RTE", "text": "NEW DELHI: HRD minister Kapil Sibal today expressed happiness at the Supreme Court verdict upholding the constitutional validity of the Right to Education Act of 2009 saying it has brought clarity and put all controversies to rest.Sibal said litigation in court should never be looked as a victory or defeat, especially when the government is involved because what government was looking for from this litigation was clarity because it has an impact on millions of people.\"What the court has given us today is clarity on the issue so that all controversies are set to rest. When the controversies are set to rest, our vision of education moves forward. So we are very happy that all controversies are set to rest and there is a clarity,\" Sibal said.On the Apex court agreeing with the provision of 25 per cent free seats to the poor in government and private unaided schools uniformly across the country, the Minister said it was one the biggest issues involved in the matter.\"One of the biggest issues involved was 25 per cent reservation applies to private schools or not which is also upheld by SC and it also does not apply to minority institutions. That controversy is also set to rest,\" he said.By a majority view, a three-judge bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Swantanter Kumar said the RTE act will apply uniformly to government and unaided private schools except unaided private minority schools.However, in his dissenting opinion, Justice Radhakrishnan took the view that the act would not apply to both unaided private schools as also minority institutions which do not receive any aid or grant from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12630605", "title": "Mining companies seek extra time to reply", "text": "PANAJI: The pollution control board has given three weeks further time to all mining companies to reply to notices issued by them in the case relating to excess production of iron ore. This follows a request made by 12 mining companies during a personal hearing on Wednesday.Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) chairman Simon D'Souza said that the decision to give more time was taken in view of the request. He added that personal hearings commenced on Wednesday in the alleged excess production. Mining companies have been called for the hearing in three phases - Wednesday, Friday and Monday. \"As we had taken a decision on Wednesday to grant extra time, the same decision would be applicable for other mining companies,\" said D'Souza.Souza said that the complainant Goa Foundation has been asked to submit additional documents with regards to excess production by May 10.Subsequently, the mining companies have been asked to submit a reply with available documents by June 8. Similarly, the pollution control board has given relief to mining companies to submit the documents with regards to environment clearance.The GSPCB had called representatives of 40 mines for a personal hearing in connection with alleged excess production of iron ore in their respective mines.The board has also issued notices to over 40 mining companies to check the validity of environment clearance issued by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). Goa has 336 valid mining leases of which 90 are operating.GSPCB officials had said if there is any violation to the consent to operate order which specifies the limit of extraction of ore, GSPCB will revoke the consent to operate order for that particular mine.At the first hearing on excess production in October 2011, 48 lessees said they have exported ore from dumps in their mines and sought more time to furnish details. Mapusa-based NGO Goa Foundation has filed a public interest petition in the high court of Bombay at Goa on excess production of ore violating the EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630941", "title": "Not working, only networking", "text": "MUMBAI: Indians on vacation may keep away from official emails and phone calls but when it comes to remaining connected with their friends, social addiction will see them hooked on to networking sites, updating status messages, uploading photographs and posting comments. Cradling the ubiquitous smartphone in their pockets, social media addiction has taken over work addiction for the fast-growing tribe of tourists whose religion is to keep their friends updated on every minute aspect of their holiday.Almost 46% of travellers from six metros said they will post regular updates on social networking, with 41% from Mumbai saying they plan to stay connected over social media, according to a recently released survey conducted by an online travel portal.\"Travellers are breaking away from being addicted to work on vacation with 70% from key metros saying they will keep away from their office emails and phone calls on their summer breaks,\" said the TripAdvisor survey. The survey was conducted over a three-day period with 1,500 respondents from six metros who used the site.The survey found that those from Kolkata were the most addicted to social media networking sites and so were likely to post regular updates when on a holiday. They were followed by people from Delhi. As for Mumbai, 68% of those interviewed said they would refrain from office emails and phone.Another interesting finding had to do with women travellers, especially those who travel solo. \"Only 11% of women were comfortable with travelling alone within India as opposed to 18% women who were more comfortable travelling alone internationally,'' said the survey, adding that it was an indicator of how unsafe women feel in their own country as opposed to an unknown international destination. But 64% of the women surveyed said they were willing to travel alone on leisure.Most women from Chennai, Hyderabad and Delhi said they would not consider travelling alone. Apart from that, 49% women said they plan to splurge between Rs 50,000 and Rs 2 lakh on their summer vacation this year. \"Though only 40% women were open to the idea of a mystery, unknown destination, 67% said they would be happy heading to offbeat destinations.\"When it comes to pets, there was no addiction with 81% travellers saying they were not planning to take their pets along for any holidays. The biggest deterrent, according to the survey, was logistical problems of transporting their pets with 63% citing it as a reason. Among those who planned to take their pets along for at least one holiday this year, 74% said they would take their pets on their road trips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630062", "title": "Fate of illegal lift at Wankhede hangs in balance", "text": "MUMBAI: The illegal construction of a lift at Wankhede Stadium has got the BMC into action. The under-construction lift to the corporate box at the south side of the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) pavilion is likely to be demolished on Friday, said civic officials.However, officials did not rule out the possibility that the lift could be regularized if proper documents were submitted on Thursday. The MCA owns the stadium and Team Mumbai is one the franchisees for the Indian Premier League. The police letter, on the basis of which the stop-work notice was issued, was addressed to Reliance Industries Limited.BMC officials said the irregularity came to light on March 31 when an assistant commissioner of police (zone 1) issued a letter to RIL asking it to submit copies of permissions sought and plans for the construction of the lift. A copy of the letter was marked to BMC. A team of civic officials visited the site the same day and found that the permissions were not granted. The team issued a stop-work notice under Section 354/A of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act. The notice was issued to the chief executive officer of the MCA.Additional municipal commissioner M M Adtani said that the MCA did not have necessary permissions for constructing the lift. \"We scheduled a demolition for April 3 but we didn't get police protection on the day and so had to stall it. The following day, MCA wrote to the A ward office saying it would approach the building proposals department,\" said Adtani. \"On April 7, MCA joint secretary Nitin Dalal wrote to the building proposals department asking for time, without the necessary enclosures of the blueprint, architect's design and so on. The A ward office on Wednesday replied saying that the correct procedure was not followed and that the illegal structure needed to be removed within 24 hours,\" he added.Dalal told TOI that MCA had now applied for permission. Asked why they hadn't earlier, he didn't respond. \"We have stopped construction and are not operating the lift,\" he said.A spokesperson for RIL said, \"The stadium is managed by MCA and they are required to apply and secure permissions. It was our sincere gesture to help senior citizens, some of whom had requested elevator services for convenience. We hope that MCA will arrange for necessary pending permissions through their architects from the authorities concerned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12631024", "title": "Safe motherhood should be the husband's concern too, says Health minister", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to launch an awareness drive for publicizing different government policies for mothers. Health minister Prasanna Acharya , speaking on the occasion of Safe Motherhood Day here on Wednesday, said a recent survey revealed that fathers or would be fathers don't know much about the benefits of different government programmes for mothers. \"Though many policies are intended for women, fathers are not always aware of them. So we are thinking of starting an awareness drive for them.\"Chief minister Naveen Patnaik also expressed satisfaction over the fast declining Mother Mortality Rate (MMR) in the state.\"Institutional delivery has increased from 36 per cent in 2005 to 81 per cent in 2010-11. Similarly, the state's total fertility rate, 2.4, is better than the national average of 2.7,\" said health secretary Anu Garg. She also pointed out that the recently launched e-janani system has registered about 8.47 lakh mothers and over seven lakh new-borns in the state.The state government has also set up about 21 maternity waiting homes for tribal women in interior areas, Garg said. Doctors and volunteers were awarded at the function for their commendable performance in the health sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12631098", "title": "Ranchi Municipal Corporation breather for building owners", "text": "RANCHI: Owners of the buildings, both commercial and residential, can breathe a sigh of relief as the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) has decided that the buildings constructed in the municipal area before 1984 will be regularized and the corporation will not slap any penalty on the owners. The RMC decided this at a one-day workshop organized for the 54 ward councilors on Wednesday.RMC CEO, Vinay Chaubey said, \"The buildings will be regularized as per the rules of the RMC Act followed before '84. The previous act said the buildings should be single-storied but there is no change of rule even if more floors are added to the single-storied structures.\"It was decided that the houses which have encroached upon the areas surrounding their allotted slots would be fined but only for the encroached portion and not for the whole plot on which a house stands or the house building as a whole.Disposal of building materials was another important topic discussed at length in course of the workshop. Chaubey said, \"A person will be fined Rs 5,000 if he is found throwing building materials on the road. But if he approaches the corporation with genuine reasons like unavailability of dedicated places to dump rubbish, he may have to pay Rs 500 and get it removed.\"Commercial buildings with an area of 3000 sq ft will be passed by the RMC but some space must be left vacant in front of the building as parking slot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12636162", "title": "Aman Verma to play Ashmit Patel's brother", "text": "Here is some good news for all Aman Verma fans. He was last seen in Choti Bahu on TV. Now he is all set to star in a new film tentatively titled Haarey Ka Sahara.Produced by Vinod Chhabria, it is a family drama where the family is split between financial fights and politics involving the ladies in the house. Aman's character starts on a positive note and slowly delves into grey shades.\"It's great to be part of this film.I have been always lucky with my roles in the films whether it was Dushman, Baghbaan or Janemaan - and people have always liked my work in any medium. Surprisingly like in television, my character in films also have some grey shades. In this film too my character starts on a good note and gradually becomes negative,\" says the handsome actor while talking about his role in the film. Aman's wife's role is being played by Sadhika, while Govind Namdev plays his father. The film also stars Shakti Kapoor . aman Verma has started shootnig for the film. On being asked about television he says, \"\"I am definitely open for good roles on television. I want good roles be it any medium\"\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630821", "title": "City shivers in panic", "text": "BANGALORE: Several areas of the city, mainly in Bangalore East, experienced tremors between 2.20pm and 2.25pm on Wednesday, triggering widespread panic and intense speculation. Bangaloreans took to the streets as soon as the first tremors were felt. Though it lasted only a few minutes, people evacuated their offices, following alerts issued by their companies or on their own. A number of IT companies immediately evacuated the buildings. People in UB City and Manyata Tech Park on Outer Ring Road left the buildings and huddled on the streets nearby.Some people even decided to call it a day and left for home. Residents of other areas of the city didn't feel any vibration and went about their work.IT SectorThe IT sector companies promptly sent out alerts to their employees. An Infosys spokesperson said: \"Information was sent to employees though no evacuation orders were announced. Some preferred going out on their own while we inspected the office building. After a thorough inspection, employees were told it was safe to get back to work.\"Though it didn't issue any directive to Bangalore offices, Wipro temporarily evacuated its employees in its Chennai facility to safe assembly areas on the campus and later resumed operations. 'We continue to monitor the situation,\" it said in a press release. TCS evacuated all its employees from two large facilities around Chennai.\"At SAP Labs, we maintain a state of preparedness to meet any eventuality. The tremors felt at Bangalore today did not warrant an evacuation of employees,\" said its Bangalore spokesperson. No evacuation was ordered at Microsoft GTSC and Microsoft Research Lab campus in Domlur as the tremors were not felt, said a spokesperson.Hospitals\"We alerted our emergency room and casualty to be prepared. Because the earthquake was not severe and we did not feel any vibrations, we didn't issue any evacuation orders,\" said Dr Sudarshan Ballal, medical director, Manipal Hospitals. At its facility on Old Madras Road, mild tremors were felt.\"It was a mild tremor and dealt with internal arrangements. However, the need for an evacuation was not felt,\" said a Fortis Hospital spokesperson.At Jayadeva Hospital, JP Nagar, some vibrations were experienced. Director Dr CM Manjunath said they did not feel serious tremors. \"There is a fire exit system for emergencies,\" he said. Apollo hospitals in the city didn't issue any alert largely because they didn't feel any major tremors.CitizenspeakPaulmi Roy, a Wipro employee in the MG Road office, said she was working and felt the tremors. \"When I saw everyone rushing down, I too joined them quickly,\" she said. \"I felt the tremors one and rushed out,\" said her colleague Ram Narayan.People working at Kannan building on MG Road too felt the earthquake. \"Everyone here felt the tremors. We thought it must be an earthquake and came down immediately,\" said Pradeep, who works in an office there.Kathakoli Kanjilal, an intern with ad agency Percept/H at CV Raman Nagar said, \"We could feel our chairs shaking. The office building too was shaking and that's when everyone came out of the office,\" he said.Navitha Rachel Mathew, an intern with PR firm Practice in Oxford Towers on Old Airport Road said, \"A colleague asked me if I could feel the tremor. Another replied that she felt it too and that's when we saw my water bottle shaking.\"\"At first I didn't realize what was happening but some students alerted us. Suddenly, I felt my chair shake too. We got scared and ran out of the building,\" said Lakshmi Priyadarshini, teacher of a computer training institute on MG Road.MV D'Souza and William Menda, who were chatting outside a street shop on MG Road and taken by surprise. \"What earthquake? We didn't feel anything, we've been sitting here all along,\" they said.\"I was having my lunch when I saw the door shaking. It lasted for about 5-10 minutes. At first, we didn't think anything was unusual about it, as the Metro rail went past at the same time, and there is construction work going on outside. Our building is nearly 100 years old, so we got scared and all ran out,\" said BR Krishnamurthy, accounts manager, Graphic Arts Industries.Nagarjun Shetty, a college student, said he suddenly felt his chair shake. \"I looked around but didn't notice anything unusual. The people around me didn't react either so I didn't pay much attention to it. Later when I heard people talking about the tremors I realized I'd felt them too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12630040", "title": "Dalit sugarcane ryots earn lakhs of rupees", "text": "BHANDARA: Farmers from Dalit community in Paoni and Lakhandur belt are happy that they earned lakhs of rupees by selling sugarcane to the Purti group-led Vainganga Sugar Cooperative Factory.The factory is concentrating on Paoni and Lakhandur as it has a large number of paddy growers. Due to bitter experience of the previous Vainganga management, farmers were initially reluctant to switch over to sugarcane farming.Rupchand Pandit Rangari of Mangli village has six acres of land. Last year, he switched over to sugarcane production in view of better prospects from Vainganga factory. Rangari was paid Rs 3 lakh for his sugarcane produce. Like Rangari, his brother Gopichand too cultivated sugarcane in three acre land and got Rs 1.5 lakh. Similarly, Mahadeo Kajalkhane of Palora village got Rs 3.5 lakh for the produce.Rupchand said that they were initially skeptical. \"But has the sugarcane production is proving beneficial, we can send our children for higher education in reputed medical and engineering colleges,\" he said. Sugarcane production has spurred the local youths to take interest in agriculture, he added.Anil Mendhe, director of Vainganga Sugar Factory, said that economic empowerment of farmers is the main motto of Purti group and this is the first step in that direction. There are around 50 farmers from Dalit community who have earned lakhs of rupees from sugarcane crop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630142", "title": "Booking norm may hit travel agents", "text": "MUMBAI: Corporate houses booking air tickets through travel agents may face a shortened credit period from June 1. According to a new policy, airlines will collect payments from travel agents every week instead of every fortnight. Consequently, travel agents will have to ask corporates, making bulk bookings on a certain credit period, to either pay in advance or within one week of booking.While the move may cripple the credit period corporates and passengers enjoy with their agents, it is also likely to shut down almost 50% of travel agencies in the country. \"Many travel agents will not be able to sustain the short credit period. They will have to shut shop. Moreover, since corporate houses follow a longer process to sanction funds and payments, they may stop booking through travel agents. This would mean a loss of bulk clientele for the agencies,\" said Iqbal Mulla, president of Travel Agents' Association of India ( TAAI).\"Airlines had introduced the shortened credit limit citing shortage of funds for operations,\" said Rajesh Rateria, managing director of Cirrus Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12630013", "title": "Vote Congress for Chanda development: Thorat", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat campaigned for Congress candidates and addressed election rallies for Chandrapur Municipal Corporation ( CMC ) elections in different wards on Tuesday evening. He said that the Congress had brought development to the region and promised more if voted to power.\"Congress party believes in development. It has fielded candidates with a vision for development of the town. The party has always strived for the town's overall development. This was evident from the development planned under penta-centenary celebrations, Thorat said. He addressed public rallies in Lalpeth, Rayyatwari, Binba and Rehmatnagar wards. He sought the support of voters for further development of the town.Ex-MP and senior leader Naresh Puglia said that Congress-led state government has approved funds worth Rs 250 crore for development of Chandrapur under penta-centenary celebrations. \"The first instalment of Rs 25 crore had already been given. The remaining grant will be received in two instalments. A blueprint of town's development is ready and Congress will ensure its strict execution if voted to power,\" he said. Puglia urged the revenue minister to provide land lease (patta) to slum-dwellers at concessional rates. State secretary of Youth Congress Rahul Puglia, party observer Marotrao Kumbhalkar, Premila Kunte and local Congress leaders accompanied the minister in election rallies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12629567", "title": "Rupam gets life term for MLA's murder", "text": "PATNA: The Special CBI court on Tuesday awarded life sentence to Rupam Pathak for the murder of Purnia BJP MLA Raj Kishore Kesri. The latter was stabbed to death by Pathak at his residence under the Khazanchihaat police station in Purnia on January 4 last year.The court had on March 31 convicted Pathak under Section 302 of IPC for Kesri's murder on the basis of evidence of 13 prosecution witnesses. No defence witness was produced before the court. The quantum of punishment was read out in the court by Special CBI judge Bashishth Narayan Singh.In the FIR, the Khazanchihaat police had registered the case under Section 302 making Pathak, who ran a school in Purnia, the prime accused in the sensational murder committed in front of several persons. Pathak, who is in her mid-forties, had accused the four-term BJP legislator and one his aides of physically abusing her.After the verdict, Rupam's mother, Kumud Mishra, told mediapersons that Rupam was falsely implicated in the murder case under a political conspiracy by people having links with the government. She said that a criminal appeal challenging the verdict would be filed in the Patna high court. Rupam's lawyer, Dinesh Kumar told TOI that the appeal may be filed after the certified copy of the verdict is available.Chief minister Nitish Kumar had recommended CBI investigation into the case after names of some political heavyweights also cropped up in connection with the case. After investigation, the CBI chargesheeted Pathak under Section 304 IPC for culpable homicide not amounting to murder on April 2, 2011. The court framed charges against Pathak on June 10, 2011.On August 8, 2011, Kesri's nephew Sudip Kumar, who was informant in the case, successfully moved the Special CBI court for converting the charge against Pathak from Section 304 IPC to Section 302 IPC on the ground that Pathak had stabbed Kesri to death.Defence counsel Dinesh Kumar had argued that Pathak was falsely implicated in the case due to political reasons. He submitted that out of the four witnesses referred to by the informant for conversion of the case to a murder case, at least two were BJP workers, whose deposition was questionable as Kesri was a BJP MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630822", "title": "Preparations on for PG course in four Ayurved colleges", "text": "BHOPAL: Preparations are underway in the state for staring post-graduate courses in the four Ayurved Colleges in Bhopal , Ujjain, Rewa and Gwalior and the Homoeopathy College in the state capital. The Minister of state for AYUSH Mahendra Hardia reviewed the status of the colleges here on Wednesday.Principal Secretary AYUSH Sudesh Kumar, AYUSH Commissioner Khandelwal and principals of colleges attended the meeting.The minister also reviewed works and requirements of every college and sought suggestions from principals for further improvements in this connection. He instructed that DPC should be held for promotions at the earliest.He said that adequate availability of medicines should be ensured in all the Ayurved, Homoeopathy and Unani hospitals. He also instructed for making special efforts for promoting and protecting indigenous remedies.Hardia instructed to present a proposal for starting a PG course in the Indore Ayurved College. During the review of Unani College of Bhopal, Hardia said that Government Unani Pharmacy should be strengthened and adequate budget should be made available for this purpose.He said that starting PG courses and promoting AYUSH systems of medicine is the priority of the state government and process is underway for posting doctors of these systems of medicine in villages.He said special attention should be paid to ensure that maximum number of patients visit Government Ayurved, Unani and Homoeopathy hospitals for treatment. He stressed the need for undertaking wide publicity for this and winning people's trust in indigenous systems of medicine.He said that research and studies are being undertaken in the sphere of Ayurved and it will gather further momentum after introduction of PG course. He said the State Government is committed to removing whatever shortcomings are there in these colleges. He said that enhancing retirement age of faculties from 60 to 65 years will be considered.A pleasant fact emerged at the meeting that the number of patients visiting Ayurved, Unani and Homoeopathy hospitals is on constant increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629675", "title": "Staff crunch hits special train services", "text": "KOLKATA: Thanks to the lack of attention paid to filling up of vacancies, Eastern Railway (ER) is finding it difficult not only to run additional services but maintain regular ones. According to the All India Loco Running Staff Association (AILRSA), nearly 3,000 posts of loco pilots (LPs) and assistant loco pilots (ALPs) are lying vacant in ER alone.\"If you take into account the new trains, this figure may go up to 4,000. Of a sanctioned strength of 67,000 for the whole country, the actual strength of LPs and ALPs is about 50,000. Even after trains are introduced, new posts are not sanctioned in a proper manner. This results in extreme pressure on the existing staff.\"After our agitation in 1973, it was ordered that LPs and ALPs would work for 10 hours a day. This was never implemented. It is normal for LPs and ALPs to work for 14 hours a day. In some cases, this goes up to 18 hours even. The safety of passengers is compromised in this manner,\" said M N Prasad of the AILRSA.Though ER officials denied this, sources revealed that the Sealdah division recently wrote to the ER headquarters, stating that running of special trains for IPL spectators may not be possible due to the shortage of staff. After giving the first match on April 5 a miss, ER finally decided to run a couple of trains on Friday when the Kolkata Knight Riders take on Rajasthan Royals at the Eden Gardens. The official statement issued by ER was that the decision was governed by the lack of patronage rather than the shortage of staff.Over the last few years, the AILRSA went in for several agitations as a result of which some ALPs have been recruited. According to Prasad, it will take nearly a year longer for these recruits to join service. \"Unlike other departments, loco pilots have to undergo proper training. I don't see any quick fix solution to this problem,\" he said. While staff in other departments can be posted after basic training, ALPs have to undergo proper training and route learning before they can be assigned to trains. Only after ALP posts are filled up will some of the seniors be upgraded to the post of motormen.Leaders of the Eastern Railwaymen's Union claimed that the situation at Sealdah is so bad that even medical leave has been cancelled till June 30.\"There is a severe shortage of staff in the safety category. Of the total vacancies across the country, nearly 1.5 lakh would be in the safety category. Such is the shortage of staff that a circular has been issued in the Sealdah division, informing staff that no leave will be allowed on the basis of private medical certificates till June 30. We have information that railway doctors have also been instructed not to issue Railway Medical Certificates (RMCs) and declare staff unfit,\" said ERMU leader S K Brahma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631616", "title": "Private blood banks will have to be registered", "text": "MUMBAI: A law making registration mandatory for private blood banks, spa/health and weight-reducing centres, massage parlours and wellness institutes in the state is in the offing, public health minister Suresh Shetty said in the legislative assembly on Wednesday.\"We are ready to replicate the Centre's Clinical Establishment Act in Maharashtra. A legislation will be shortly introduced in the state legislature,\" Shetty said, replying to a discussion on the budgetary demands of his department. He said plans were afoot to start two hospitals in Mumbai, in the eastern and western flanks. \"We are also keen on setting up a womenonly hospital in Mumbai,\" he added.The Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayee Arogya Yojana, which offers medical cover to the needy, will be flagged off at a function here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631465", "title": "Gas crematorium for pets on cards in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: Lack of space has made the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation allot Rs 70 lakh for setting up an LPG-based crematorium for pets.The pet cemetery was started at Nehrunagar in Pimpri on a 20,000 sq.ft. plot in 2007. PCMC veterinary doctor Satish Gore said, \"All the land in the cemetery has been utilised, so we are using an adjacent plot for burial. We may need more land in two or three months, so the civic body has proposed an LPG-based crematorium for pets.\"Around 1,500 pets, a majority of them dogs, have been buried at this cemetery till now.Gore said that animals' bodies take about three years to decompose completely.\"The cemetery is five years old. If we run out of space and the crematorium is not built soon, we may have to consider reusing the land.\"The provision of Rs 70 lakh was made in the 2011-12 budget, but the work has not started yet.Sanjay Kulkarni, who is an engineer with the environment cell of PCMC, said, \"A technical analysis will be done first and bids will be invited. The contract will be awarded after approval of the standing committee.\"Gore said, \"The expenditure on disposing pets' bodies will increase because of additional fuel cost. The rate for burial at present is Rs 100 which is likely to be increased to Rs 300 once the crematorium starts.\"The facility will be for small animals like dogs, cats, rabbits, birds and fancy pets. It will operate in fixed hours on fixed days. A mortuary will be set up for bodies brought at odd hours.Meanwhile, Indore-based Shri Sadgurudatta Dharmik Evam Parmarthik Trust has donated an ambulance for providing mobile treatment to injured and ill stray animals.An official from the trust said that the keys have been handed over to Shiv Sena corporator Sulabha Ubale who will maintain the service.He said, \"The stray animals that are ill or injured will be taken in the ambulance to the veterinary hospital of Pimpri Chinchwad civic body or other veterinary hospitals in Pune. There are 10 to 12 organisations in Pune that take care of stray animals but none in Pimpri Chinchwad. The trust will bear the cost of treatment and also will provide shelter to destitute animal when required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "over the years, kaushik sen has become synonymous with theatre in bengal itself. all set to stage his 2005 play, \"somudrer mouno\", at the maitree bandhan literary festival, presented by the times of india, he rules out the need to contemporize a classic. on the anvil, the director of swapnasandhani says, is also the adaptation of shakespeare's macbeth. excerpts", "code": "12634177", "title": "\u2018Performance speaks louder than star power\u2019", "text": "Over the years, Kaushik Sen has become synonymous with theatre in Bengal itself. All set to stage his 2005 play, \"Somudrer Mouno\", at the Maitree Bandhan Literary Festival, presented by The Times of India, he rules out the need to contemporize a classic. On the anvil, the director of Swapnasandhani says, is also the adaptation of Shakespeare's Macbeth. Excerpts:Among all your plays, you've chosen \"Somudrer Mouno\" to be staged at the Maitree Bandhan Literary Festival...The play is based on France's most enduring wartime novel, Le Silence De La Mer. It's about a Nazi official, who comes to stay with an old man and his daughter. He's met with silence when he tries to speak to the residents of the house. Gradually, he befriends the girl but in the end, when he understands the impossibility of France and Germany being united in friendship, he sends a message to the headquarters asking him to be sent to the warfront. That's when the girl speaks to him for the first time and says, \"Au revoir Monsieur\" (goodbye). The novel was translated by Bishnu Dey for the magazine, Parichay, and I had adapted it for stage in 2005. The three characters in the play are portrayed by Kunal Padhy, Reshmi and me.It's the most apt of all works to be staged at the festival...The play beautifully brings to the fore the clash between two worlds and it's been shown in a historical perspective. It's a classic with a universal appeal.How clued are you into Bangladeshi theatre?I have seen several Bangladeshi plays. In fact, I've adapted two of famous Bangladeshi playwright Selim Al-Deen's works - \"Hargoj\" and \"Prachya\". I've even travelled to Bangladesh with \"Hargoj\" on invitation from the Dhaka Theatre. I also staged \"Tiktiki\" there. Talks are also on to perform \"Somudrer Mouno\".Do you see any difference between the two countries in terms of theatre?I find Bangladeshi theatre extremely rich. They are extremely proud of their language. In Bengal, people outside the cultural circuit are hardly bothered about Bangla but there, there's an entire generation of people taking active interest in the language.You've contemporized plays but \"Somudrer Mouno\" takes us to the bygone era...The structure of the play makes it difficult to be moulded into another form. It's like poetry. One has to see it to feel the layers of human emotions.Most of your recent plays have been high on starpower. Is it working in favour of theatre in Bengal?Rajatava and Debdut, who are part of \"Shei Sumouli\", have been into theatre for a while. So, one can't technically call them 'television stars taking a plunge into stage'. For Arpita, theatre is a new medium. She is great in \"Notir Pujo\". Starpower can only arrest the audience 's attention for an hour, after that it's the performance that speaks.The buzz doing the rounds is that you'll soon start work on Macbeth...In May, Swapnasandhani will complete 20 years as will Sudarshan Chakravorty's Sapphire. It will be a joint collaboration. The time is ripe to stage Macbeth considering the dark times we're living in. Ujjal Chattopadhyay has translated the play for us. I will play Macbeth, while Reshmi will play Lady Macbeth. Sudarshan, his student, Paromita, and my son, Riddhi, will be seen in the roles of the three witches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631568", "title": "Security area cannot be shrunk, says Army", "text": "PUNE: The defence authorities ( Pune Sub Area Command) have submitted an affidavit in the Bombay high court stating that the security distance area of 2,000 yards from the peripheral wall of the ammunition depot at Dehu Road cannot be reduced.The affidavit has been submitted in response to a petition filed by Pimpri-Chinchwad corporator Seema Savale against the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation which is implementing a slum rehabilitation project at sector 22 in Nigdi. The civic body is constructing 11,760 tenements in the slum rehabilitation project under the JNNURM. However, there is a dispute over the land where the scheme is being implemented.Savale has said that the PCMC has violated several rules while executing the project, which comes under the 'no-construction' or 'red zone' area. Last month, the high court directed the PCMC not to issue any occupancy certificate or letter of allotment for the tenements without the permission of the court.The affidavit submitted by the Major General Ajay Saxena, General Officer Commanding, Pune Sub Area, states that the notification regarding the 'red zone area' around the peripheral wall of the ammunition depot was issued by the ministry of defence on December 26, 2002, under the Works of Defence Act. \"The ministry had taken a decision in November 2004 to maintain the security clearance zone of 2,000 yards despite representations to cancel or reduce the 'red zone' owing to the interest of the safety of local residents and security of the depot,'' Saxena said in the affidavit.A letter sent on November 22, 2004 by the then defence minister Pranab Mukherjee to the then vice-president of the Dehu Road Cantonment Board has also been included in the affidavit. Mukherjee had said in his letter that cancellation of the notification issued under the Works of Defence Act may not be in the interest of safety of the local residents and security of the ammunition depot. The letter was in response to a memorandum submitted by residents of Chincholi near Dehu Road to Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar. The residents had addressed a copy of the memorandum to the defence ministry. Mukherjee had also stated that while there is restriction on construction activity, there is no restriction on carrying out agricultural activities in the security zone.The affidavit also says that the district administration did not issue any public notice regarding the security zone despite the defence authorities taking up the matter with the civil authorities on several occasions. Between 2003 and 2011, the defence authorities took up the matter on 51 occasions. The issue has also been raised in civil-military conferences, the affidavit has states.The integrated headquarters of the defence ministry said that they have taken up the case with the ministry to impress upon the Maharashtra government for strict compliance and implementation of the notification issued in December 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12630901", "title": "Throat slit, college girl bleeds to death in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A 19-year-old II BCom student was found murdered at her house on CC Club Road, Pai Layout, near KR Puram, on Wednesday evening.Monika Srivatsava, student of Bangalore City College , Banaswadi Outer Ring Road, was found with her throat slit in her residence by her sister Anjali, a copy editor with a magazine.Anjali told police that she spoke to Monika around 1 pm after she had finished her exam and reached home. Monika told her sister that she was tired and was going to take a nap.Around 4 pm, Anjali tried calling up Monika but there was no response. Several calls from Anjali went unresponded. On returning home around 6.30 pm, Anjali found the house locked and on opening the door, she found Monika lying face-down in a pool of blood in the hall .Assistant Commissioner of Police Narasimhaiah said, \"Around 7 pm, our control room got a message saying that a dead body was found in a house. Our officers rushed to the spot. There were no marks on the door to suggest any forced entry. However, there were signs of struggle the victim apparently put up before she was killed. We have found footprints in the house, suggesting more than one person's involvement. There is only one wound in her body and that is the slit on her throat. And she died due to massive loss of blood.\"Investigating officers said that it was not a case of murder for gain. They also ruled out any chances of rape as Monika's clothes were intact. \"We are collecting evidence. As of now, it looks like some people known to her have committed the crime,\" they said.Forensic experts and the dog squad were summoned to the spot to collect evidence.Monika, a native of Varanasi, joined her sister in Bangalore to pursue her education. The siblings lived in the first floor of a two-storey house.Anurag, a classmate of Monika, said, \"We had Additional English exam today. We saw her in the college. As far as our knowledge is concerned, she has never been involved in incidents that had the potential of costing Monika her life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12629945", "title": "Marketing and human resource management re-exam a tough nut to crack", "text": "A little over 75,000 students appeared for the marketing and human resource management (MHRM) re-exam on Wednesday. While the university was expecting at least 78,000 of 85,440 registered students to take it, students said many were unable to do so as they were away from the city.A college principal said attendance at his centre was less than expected. But director of examinations Subhash Deo said attendance was normal. \"Of the total number of students, repeaters from colleges or those on distance education need not have appeared for the MHRM paper... 75,000 students turned up, which is not bad,\" Deo said.Students who took the exam said the paper was tougher than the one leaked on March 27-28. While students received messages about \"important questions\" in their inboxes this time as well, there were no matches in the question paper. \"Even for the March 28 paper, I did not take such messages seriously,\" said a student. \"But the paper was easy. The re-exam paper was tough and now I am not confident of scoring well.\"Ronit Jain, a student at BNN College, where the earlier paper was leaked, had to cancel a trip to London to appear for the re-exam. \"It was not even our fault and now we might score less owing to the tough paper,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630106", "title": "Opposition slams absent ministers", "text": "MUMBAI: Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil was forced to adjourn the assembly for 40 minutes on Wednesday due to the absence of cabinet ministers and ministers of state in the House. Walse-Patil expressed his displeasure at the \"casual attitude\" of the government.Opposition leader Eknath Khadse pointed out to the speaker that it was a mockery of the House that neither a cabinet minister nor minister of state was present in the House. \"The House will be discussing demands related to four departments and even these ministers are absent. It only shows that the government is not serious about legislative business,\" he said.Walse-Patil agreed that it was unbecoming of the government and adjourned the House for ten minutes.When the House reassembled, ministers were still conspicuous this angered the Speaker.Parliamentary affairs minister Harshvardhan Patil said \"The government has taken a serious note of the absenteeism. They are responsible ministers and should take their work seriously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12628989", "title": "Guwahati set for massive religious gathering", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city is expected to see a huge gathering of people from across the country and abroad for the one of the biggest religious congregations here from April 14 to 15. The Guwahati chapter of Satsang Vihar, a spiritual tradition founded by Sri Sri Thakur Anukulchandra, is organizing the Navavarsha Swastimahayajna celebration and 287th All India Satsang Ritwik Conference at the veterinary sports field in Khanapara with about 5 lakh devotes expected to attend. The congregation aims to deliver the of religious and communal harmony, peace and development.Organizers said devotees from Nepal, Bangladesh, Thailand and Bangladesh will take part in the celebration along those from across India. The Saru Sojai stadium here has been booked for accommodating the large gathering. \"We have made accommodation arrangements for more than five lakh devotees and feeding 6,000 devotees together in one sitting. This is one of the biggest events of Satsang Vihar in the country. Guwahati has been chosen for this event because the northeast has been on the forefront of Satsang activities. Assam in particular is the pioneer in the northeast in spreading the message of Sri Sri Thakur Anukulchandra,\" one of the organizers said.Assam governor J B Patnaik, chief minister Tarun Gogoi, health and family welfare minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, MP Nazneen Farroqui, Gauhati High Court justice B K Sarma, Meghalaya Governor R S Mushahary, Calcutta High Court justice P Roy, chairman of Assam Human Rights Commission justice (retd) A Hussain Saikia and Odisha government advocate general A Mohanty are among the dignitaries expected to attend the event. Patnaik will inaugurate the event, while All India Satsang Lawyers conference will be inaugurated by Justice (retd) Saikia on April 14. On the same day, Mushahary will inaugurate a religious discussion while Gogoi will be the chief guest of a religious meeting on April 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12629990", "title": "Nagpur university college purchased antivirus for Rs 68k!", "text": "NAGPUR: After suspension of Barrister Sheshrao Wankhade Education College principal Vandana Manapure for alleged financial irregularities, more skeletons are tumbling out of her cupboard. Citing audit reports, management council member Mahendra Nimbarte claimed Manapure had shown an expenditure of Rs 2 lakh for a picnic that was organized at nearby place and for gathering. She failed to provide details of the expenditure.Nimbarte, who had first raised the issue in Management Council with documents, added that Manapure had published just 10 copies of college magazine that should hardly cost around Rs 3,000 but had submitted bills of Rs 60,000 for the same. Even for purchasing an antivirus for college computers she gave a bill of Rs 68,000, more than the cost of an average computer. The antivirus in the market costs around Rs 1000. It has also come to fore that Internet facility was on only one computer in the college.It doesn't end here. She had shown an expenditure of Rs 20,000 on renovation of ladies toilet that is nowhere reflected in condition of toilet and despite a new water cooler being shown as purchased, the old one is still being used. The ledger book, stock register and cashbook were not been maintained for many years and quotations were not invited while making any purchases.Nimbarte demanded an enquiry into all the irregularities pointed out in audit reports. Last Wednesday, vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal suspended Manapure for alleged irregularities that led to delay in payment of college lecturers' salaries for three months.Nimbarte stated that new HoD of college Rajni Karlawar was being harassed by the present staff including clerks who were hand-in-glove with Manapure. He demanded immediate holding of Local Management Committee (LMC) meeting of the college to solve the crisis. Karlawar had also forwarded a proposal to VC for this.Though Manapure couldn't be contacted despite repeated attempts, she had denied all allegations when she spoke to TOI on March 12 when allegations against her first came to fore. In fact, she had passed the buck on registrar's office for delay in payment of salaries. \"The government conducts assessment for salary grants every month. In our case, it was not done due to differences between a former director of higher education and the then NU bosses. I had dispatched many letters to them for conducting assessment but no one took it seriously,\" she had said.Manapure had also confirmed that NU issued a notice to about financial irregularities. \"I have filed a detailed reply. I have all valid documents to substantiate my claims. I joined in 2003 but the assessment was done from 2001. Some elements in university are working against me. They're bent upon harassing me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12630201", "title": "Eye on drought, state looks to strike water deal with Karnataka", "text": "MUMBAI: The state may agree to release an additional 1.96 TMC from its dams to Karnataka, which is facing a drought. However, with a drought-like situation in nine districts here, the state also wants the Karnataka government to act in kind.During a meeting with a delegation of ministers and bureaucrats from Karnataka,CM Prithviraj Chavan and other functionaries sought permission to lift water from a Karnataka canal system for villages in Jath taluka. Further, to decrease the flood risk in Kolhapur, Satara and Sangli, the state has requested the delegation to ensure better coordination between officials over the Almatti dam issue. A request to allow smooth flow of water from the Ujani dam to Akalkott was also made.Of the 1.96 TMC, about 1 TMC may be released from Dudhganga dam and the remaining may be released from Warna dam. The delegation was led by water resources minister Basavraj Bommai and included agriculture minister Umesh Katti and medium and large industries minister Murugesh Nirani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12629867", "title": "NRI\u2019s kidnappers in 6-day police remand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court on Wednesday sent all the six accused involved in the kidnapping of Canadian NRI youth Navneet Singh Chatha, 28, in six days police remand.The crime branch of Chandigarh Police produced the kidnappers, including their kingpin Anil Kumar, Pardeep Mallik, Nitin Kumar, Sanjeev Kumar, Sukhdev and Ajit Singh before the court of judicial magistrate Ashish Abrol of district courts, asking for 10 days custodial interrogation. They submitted before the court that the accused were hardcore criminals and not cooperating with the investigation agency.Police also submitted that since Anil was involved in murder cases in Haryana and Delhi and declared a proclaimed offender (PO), his custodial interrogation was required to know the details of his gang and the source of his German-made pistol and cartridges.Anil, who posed as a property dealer, had called Navneet to his office in Kurukshetra on the pretext of striking a business deal. When Navneet reached there from Chandigarh, carrying Rs 25 lakh in cash, the gangsters held him captive and asked him to call up his brother in Canada to pay a ransom of Rs 1 crore. He was rescued on Tuesday, after exchange of fire between the abductors and a joint team of Chandigarh and Kurukshetra police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12629776", "title": "Park Circus, Rajabazar footbridges to go", "text": "KOLKATA: Acting on the state government's directive, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has asked a billboard agency to dismantle the footbridge near Bridge No. 4 of Park Circus. The footbridge at Rajabazar will meet the same fate and will be relocated to the crossing of APC Road and Keshab Sen Street.While the reason behind dismantling the Park Circus footbridge is to make way for construction of the flyover from there to Parama Island, frequent accidents and the presence of a number of schools in Rajabazar have prompted the civic body to order relocation of the footbridge there.The agency that maintains the footbridge at Park Circus has already sought KMC's permission to install another one at Ballygunge Phari. Dismantling the Park Circus footbridge will begin in May and take a month to be completed, a KMC official said.It was following a series of accidents that Selvel advertising agency had installed the Park Circus footbridge five years back. The agency had then sought permission for construction of such a bridge at Ballygunge Phari and had also signed an agreement with KMC in 2005. In fact, Selvel had signed an agreement with KMC in 2005 for construction of a footbridge at Ballygunge.However, Selvel has not yet got the work order. \"We now hope to get permission to install a footbridge at Ballygunge Phari before the one at Park Circus is dismantled,\" said Subash Niyogi, Selvel's managing director.Proposals for installation of footbridges near Alipore Zoo and at Lindsay Street are pending with the civic body for the past three years. \"We have received proposals from an advertising agency for construction of two footbridges. We are yet to decide on whether to approve them,\" a senior KMC official said. A civic official said KMC had put forward an alternative proposal to build an underpass at Alipore. \"We have been taking suggestions from experts on whether we should approve a footbridge or at Aliporeor build an underpass there instead,\" a KMC official said.Park Circus' pain may be Ballygunge's gain. On the state government's directive, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has asked a billboard agency to dismantle the footbridge near bridge No.4 in Park Circus to make way for constructing the flyover from there to Parama Island. The agency that maintains this footbridge has already sought KMC's permission to install another one at Ballygunge Phanri. Dismantling the Park Circus footbridge will take a month from May when it starts, said a KMC official. This apart, the footbridge at Rajabazar would be dismantled and relocated to the crossing of APC Road and Keshab Sen Street. Frequent accidents in Rajabazar and the presence of several schools there prompted KMC to ask the billboard agency to relocate the footbridge.The footbridge at Park Circus was installed by Selvel advertising agency five years ago following a series of road accidents near bridge No. 4. The advertising agency then sought permission for construction of such a bridge at Ballygunge phari. In fact, Selvel had signed an agreement with KMC in 2005 for construction of a footbridge at Ballygunge. However, the agency has not got the work order yet. \"We now hope to get permission to install a footbridge at Ballygunge Phari before the one at Park Circus is dismantled,\" said Subash Niyogi, Selvel's managing director.Besides, proposals for installation of footbridges at Lindsay Street and near Alipore Zoo are pending with the civic body for the past three years. \"We have received proposals from an advertising agency for construction of two footbridges. We are yet to decide on whether to approve them,\" a senior KMC official said. A civic official said KMC had put forward an alternative proposal to build an underpass at Alipore. \"We have been taking suggestions from experts on whether we should approve a footbridge or at Alipore or build an underpass there instead,\" a KMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12634181", "title": "UDF ministry expanded, IUML gets 5th berth", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Congress-led UDF ministry led by Oommen Chandy in Kerala was expanded today with the induction of Manjalamkuzhi Ali of the Indian Union Muslim League and Anoop Jacob (KC-J), raising its strength to 21.Karnataka governor H R Bhardwaj, who holds additional charge of Kerala, administered the oath of office to Ali and Jacob at Raj Bhavan here.With Ali joining the ministry, the strength of IUML in the cabinet went up to five.Anoop's induction filled the vacancy caused by the death of his father T M Jacob in October last, who was then Food and Civil Supplies minister.An entrepreneur-turned-politician, Ali left the LDF and joined IUML on the eve of Assembly polls last year. He was elected from Perinthalmanna in Malappuram district. In 2001 and 2006, he was elected to the Assembly from Mankada segment as LDF independent.His induction was preceded by several days of discussions in the UDF as the Congress was hesitant to concede IUML's demand for a fifth cabinet berth, fearing it would upset the communal composition of the ministry in which Christians and Muslims outnumber the majority Hindu community.With the IUML sticking to its demand, Congress was forced to accept the ally's demand and the issue was settled at a meeting of UDF leaders held here last evening.Anoop, 34, was elected from Piravom in Ernakulam district in the assembly by-poll last month.Chandy, opposition leder V S Achuthanandan, KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala and Speaker G Karthijeyan attended the function.BJP called hartal in the state capital protesting the decision to award fifth ministerial position to IUML.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12630464", "title": "Illegal cracker units mushroom in Alappuzha", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Illegal cracker manufacturing units are spreading in Alappuzha in the wake of Vishu and annual festivals in various temples. Majority of these illegal cracker units are at Valamangalam near Thuravoor.The Public Interest Forum secretary V K Venkitachalam has lodged complaints with state chief secretary and home secretary against these units at Valamangalam, Panavally, Taliyaprambu, Thrichattukula, Poochackal, Thuravoor, Mannancherry and Kayamkulam.\"There are many illegal cracker units functioning without any proper licence. Some are operating many illegal units with a single licence. There should not be any houses near the cracker units as per the rules. However, majority of these units function in rented building in thickly populated areas,\" Venkitachalam said.Sabitha, who runs a cracker manufacturing unit at Thuravoor, said there are many such illegal units in Cherthala especially at Valamangalam.\"They transport crackers during night and sell the fake crackers at lower prices. Hence pose a serious threat for the legally functioning units,'' she said.Thankachan, another operator of a cracker unit at Valamangalam, said many run small-scale cracker making units attached to their houses at Valamangalam. \"They transport crackers to various parts of the state like Palakkad and Thirssur and also to Thoothukudi,'' he said.Venkitachalam said the branches of these illegal cracker units in Cherthala are also functioning in Kottayam and Kollam and people from these places are also working in such units.Maniyappan alias Kuttappan, a native of Poochackal was killed in cracker unit blast in Enthayar, Mundakkayam in Kottayam on April 2.\"The crackers will create serious environmental problems and health hazards. So the government should take stringent action against such units,\" he demanded.Police said illegal cracker units are also active in Mannancherry and Kayamkulam. This year on February 18, a three-year-old boy and two women were seriously injured when an illegal unit was gutted near Kayamkulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12630556", "title": "HC awards 5 lakh compensation for custodial death", "text": "CHENNAI: Criticising the Puzhal prison authorities for the death of a life convict following torture, the Madras high court has awarded 5 lakh as compensation to the victim's widow and two minor children.Justice K Chandru, disbelieving the jail authorities' claim that painter Venkatesan had died of a heart ailment, pointed out that there were injury marks and contusions all over his body and that Venkatesan did not have any record of bad health.The judge referred to the two telegrams sent by jail authorities to the victim's wife V Valli. While the first telegram informed her that Venkatesan was admitted in hospital at 1.50am, the second telegram said he had died at 6.30am. Justice Chandru, said the telegrams were a lie, and pointed out that the hospital records clearly stated that Venkatesan was 'brought dead' early on January 31, 2008.\"Venkatesan, who was given a life sentence, has now been inflicted with death sentence, which was never imposed by a judicial court. When a person is under custody of the jail authority, the jail officials, instead of acting like a guardian of the prisoner, cannot ill-treat or torture the person for whatever reason,\" Justice Chandru observed in his order.He said that instead of videographing the postmortem of the custodial case, the authorities had taken some still photographs and tried to pass it off as video coverage. He criticised the sub-divisional magistrate who examined the issue and gave a clean chit to jail authorities, though he had noticed several injuries on the body. It is unfortunate that the additional secretary to government (prisons) also made a false statement, Justice Chandru said.\"When once it is proved that there was torture inflicted on the prisoner who was kept inside, the state must take responsibility for the well-being of the prisoner. In such circumstances, if there is a finding that there was gross negligence or lack of supervision, then the court can certainly order compensation as it has been enshrined under Article 21 of the Constitution that no person's liberty can be deprived except by due process of law,\" Justice Chandru said, directing the government to pay the compensation in two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12630802", "title": "Sagar civic body engineer's house raided, Rs 5 cr assets found", "text": "BHOPAL: Special Police Establishment (SPE) of Lokayukta on Wednesday raided two places of an executive engineer (EE) of Sagar Municipal Corporation (SMC) and unearthed alleged ill-gotten assets worth over Rs 5 crore which he allegedly amassed in the district of Bundelkhand region, officials said.SPE sleuths swooped on EE Lakhanlal Sahu's residence in Motinagar locality and raided a few other places. The Lokayukta police found Rs 95,000 cash and jewellery worth Rs 2.80 lakh at his residence besides documents related to his property, they said.According to the documents found in the raids, Sahu owns land at prime locations in the city, 1.5 acre land at Tili area and 45 acre land in Khajuri area in Sagar. He also owns a house in Deendayal Nagar of Sagar district. The SPE recovered his bank passbooks and locker details during the raid, they added.Apart from this, he has a four-wheeler, a tractor and a motorbike. Sahu had joined SMC in 1982, the officials said.SPE raided two places of the EE following a complaint, the officials said adding that Sahu has been booked under relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12631831", "title": "Two more die in Udumalpet accident, toll goes up to five", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two more members of the family from Thalassery in Kerala, who met with a road accident on Tuesday near Udumalpet while going on a pilgrimage to Palani and Rameswaram, succumbed to multiple head injuries on Wednesday raising the death toll to five.The deceased were identified as Shincy Raj (22), a BDS student at Virajpetah in Coorg district of Karnataka and her cousin V Sreerag (11). Shincy breathed her last at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) while Sreerag was declared dead at K G Hospital. Sreerag's sister Sreelakshmi, mother Beena and father Vinod Kumar are under treatment for head injuries at K G Hospital. Three more members of their extended family are also under treatment.According to CMCH sources, Shincy was in ventilator till Wednesday morning when they confirmed her death. She was admitted to the hospital soon after the accident in a state of coma. Sreerag's condition worsened early in the morning and he died by 8.30 am. The condition of three among the remaining injured is critical.Early Tuesday morning, the vehicle in which they were travelling swerved off the road and tumbled into a roadside canal. The family wanted to visit major tourist and pilgrimage spots in Southern Tamil Nadu, including Palani, Madurai, Kodaikanal and Rameshwaram.The mishap occurred at around 4.30 am when their vehicle spun out of control and rammed into the railings of a small roadside bridge over a dried up canal on the Pollachi-Udumalpet road and tumbled at least 15 feet down before coming to rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631555", "title": "Chain-snatching continues unabated; 4 incidents reported", "text": "PUNE: Four chain-snatching incidents were again reported from different parts of the city on Wednesday morning. This, despite increased patrolling by the police after Tuesday's series of thefts in which five gold chains worth Rs 2.20 lakh were snatched by motorcycle-borne thieves.The first incident took place around 7.45 am at Bibvewadi when Maitreyee Prasad Bapat (31) of Padmakunj society was returning home from a milk centre.Two men on a motorcycle snatched two gold chains, worth Rs 1.30 lakh, from her. Further investigations are on.The next theft was reported from the Shivdarshan area, located a few km away. A complaint in this regard was made by Rekha Jadhav (35), whose gold chain, worth Rs 57,000, was stolen in the incident.The third incident took place at Katraj around 10.30 am. The complainant, Tejashri Patil (35), was standing with her son near Om Arcade housing complex in Katraj when two motorcycle-borne suspects snatched her gold chain worth Rs 70,000. Further investigations are on.Around 10.45 pm, near Atulnagar in Warje Malwadi, thieves snatched a gold chain belonging to Pushpalata Vangikar (70) of Rahul Nisarg society. Further investigations are on.The police suspect the last two crimes were carried out by the same perpetrators.On Tuesday, three incidents were reported in which 5 chains were stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12630194", "title": "Department of Town and Country Planning wants Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon to take over Mayfield maintenance", "text": "GURGAON: The housing projects of Mayfield Gardens will soon be handed over to the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) for all maintenance work. This is for the first time that the department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP), after taking over a builder's project, is handing over the maintenance work to the city' municipal corporation.In February the DTCP had taken over all the projects of Mayfield Gardens and has now recommended to the state government that the MCG take over the housing colonies of the project.Confirming the development, R K Singh, Senior Town Planner (STP), said: \"This recommendation is in sync with the overall policy in which the colonies are handed over to the local municipal body in the city. Also, ultimately the work of maintenance in these colonies will be done by the MCG.\"The STP also said that the decision regarding handing over the colonies to the MCG was yet to be finalized. \"There is no timeline fixed for the complete takeover by the MCG but the process of working in this direction has started,\" said Singh.The DTCP took over the colonies following the builder's default on payment related to licence renewal. At present, all the projects, complete and incomplete, are under the administrative control of the DTCP.Earlier, to sort out the problems of residents the department had formed a committee in which RWA functionaries were made members. The RWA members had demanded the DTCP start doing the maintenance work in the colonies under the project.But the DTCP was reluctant to take up the responsibility. It is the responsibility of the builders to maintain all roads, open space, public park and public health services for a period of five years from the date of issuance of the completion certificate. After taking over the Mayfield Gardens project, the DTCP is not equipped to handle the massive maintenance work. ,\"The DTCP doesn't have the wherewithal to look after the maintenance of colonies, so it has been decided to hand them over to the MCG and the department will look after the progress of the projects that are yet to be completed,\" said another DTCP official.The residents have greeted the development but are still anxious about the property registration embargo of the DTCP. \"It is no doubt a praiseworthy move by the DTCP but it must do something about the registration of property of house owners who have paid all the money to the builder and are living here,\" said Sanjay Singh, a resident.Last year the DTCP had announced embargo which stopped registration of all the properties of the Mayfield Garden project. The move hurt the house owners most since they could not register the property in spite of having paid all the dues.The DTCP has not taken any decision on giving permission for the registration of properties. The decision will be taken by the DTCP %director general after consultions with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12634701", "title": "Irrfan delays dubbing of Spiderman", "text": "Irrfan Khan gave preference to his Bollywood film over his forthcoming Hollywood film.When it comes to Bollywood films, actor Irrfan Khan will go out of his way to make things happen. His last release Tigmanshu Dhulia's Paan Singh Tomar added a remarkable mark to his acting career, hence it will always be special for Irrfan.According to a source, Irrfan was supposed to leave for his forthcoming Hollywood film Amazing Spiderman's dubbing this week. But he had to change his plan due to the UTV's DVD release of Paan Singh Tomar which is on Friday. Irrfan stayed back for the DVD launch.The actor will fly to LA soon after the DVD launch. He confirmed, \"I will be leaving just after the launch.\" Irrfan plays the role of Dr Ratha, a scientist. Amazing Spiderman is ready and heading towards its post production phase. The film will release on July 3 in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12623984", "title": "Prateik: Mingled, but not married", "text": "While most relationships fizzle out as the movie tanks at the box office, here's a jodi that's keeping its vows.We're talking about B-Town's newest lovebirds (they even have love birds tattooed on their arms!) Prateik and Amy.Even as rumours of their marriage are doing the rounds, they seem pretty oblivious about it and were spotted hand-in-hand at a recent music event. So when zoOm decided to quiz the boy on his latest rishta, he laughed it off saying, \"Marriage is a long way to go. Amy and I are committed and we're supportive of each other. But we most certainly haven't tied the knot.\" Sorry gals, this hottie is hooked, booked and... inked for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12630896", "title": "India seeks expanded UNSC with 25-26 members", "text": "NEW DELHI: Calling for urgent UN reforms, India has said it is time to have an expanded UN Security Council comprising 25-26 members. Participating in the eighth round of inter-governmental negotiations on UN Security Council reforms, India's Permanent Representative to the UN ambassador Hardeep Singh Puri cautioned that the delay in reforming the powerful world body would be at the international community's \"own peril\".Puri said India is of the view that reform and expansion of the Security Council are essential if it is to reflect contemporary reality. \"Early reform of the Council must be pursued with renewed vigour and urgently enacted,\" Puri said.He added that a reformed UNSC, with expansion in the permanent and non-permanent categories, will enhance the Council's credibility and effectiveness in dealing with global issues. He said structural reform of the Council should respond to the pressing need for credible improvements in the global governance architecture.\"The clamour for such change is increasing by the day. Even as we speak concrete developments are being witnessed in other international institutions such as the IMF, the World Bank,\" Puri said.There is emerging consensus that reform will be complete only when the question of the veto in all its aspects and manifestations is comprehensively addressed, he added.Noting that considerable time has already been spent in exchanging views on how and when to start real negotiations, Puri said deliberations so far have shown that a large majority of the UN membership wants expansion of the Council in both the permanent and non-permanent categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12631640", "title": "Petrol pump dealers to use up stock before stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Operators of over 245 petrol pumps in Mumbai have threatened to deplete stocks gradually from next week so that they can go dry from April 23-the day dealers across the country will stop supplying petrol and diesel to demand a hike in commission rates.\"The stir could be disastrous as a large number of cars and two-wheelers ply in the city,\" said Ravi Shinde of the Petrol Dealers' Association.Shinde said dealers were incurring losses due to huge fuel purchase costs. \"Unless our commission rates are increased, we cannot afford to buy petrol or diesel,\" he told TOI, adding that the agitation was actually a \"no-purchase campaign\".Sources say as the dealers do not want to attract ESMA (Essential Services Maintenance Act) and get arrested, they will not hold any stock during the stir. \"We will stop buying petrol and diesel from next weekend and, by April 23 morning,our pumps should run dry,\" he said. \"We want the petroleum ministry to implement the recommendations of the Apurva Chandra committee, which suggested good commission rates for dealers and other incentives about two years ago.\"Venkat Rao of the association said public transport would not be affected as supply of CNG would remain normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12635643", "title": "Vinu Mohan to romance Kadhal Sandhya", "text": "Actor Vinu Mohan will team up with Kadhal-fame actress Sandhya for the first time in director Biju Vattappara's next, My Dear Mummy.The film has actress Urvashi doing the role of a college student. \"The film is set against a humorous backdrop where a mother and daughter find themselves attending the same college at the same time. Urvashi and Sandhya play the mother and daughter respectively. The shoot of the film is scheduled to start on May 4,\" says Vinu.After completing the shoot of My Dear Mummy, Vinu will commence work on Nemom Pushparaj's directorial. \"It's too early to talk about the film as the cast is in the process of being finalised. The shoot is scheduled to begin in August,\" he informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12631594", "title": "Nabard announces Rs 8,000 crore credit plan for Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: The regional office of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) on Wednesday announced a Rs 8,000 crore credit plan for Maharashtra for the current fiscal, with primary focus on crop loans.The amount is 30% more than the Rs 6023.18 crore disbursed in 2011-12, M V Ashok, chief general manager, Nabard regional office, said at a news conference here on Wednesday.Nabard provides loans to the state cooperative bank, which disburses the amount among the district central cooperative banks. The district central cooperative banks work as apex bodies for cooperative banks and offer crop loans to farmers. These short term loans come at subsidized interest rates.\"Out of the Rs 6,023.18 crore disbursed in the previous financial year, the share of crop loan was Rs 4,035.5 crore,\" Ashok said. \"Through the rural infrastructure development fund the bank has injected Rs 1,777.84 crore. The funds are utilized for construction and maintenance of roads, bridges, irrigation projects and drinking water schemes, among others,\" he added.The recently-released State Economic Survey has shown 2% negative growth in the agriculture sector. When asked whether Nabard's funds are failing to boost growth in the agriculture sector, Ashok said, \"Nabard is not the only source of investment in rural areas. Our share in the total loan disbursement for rural sector is 40%. If the agriculture sector is reporting negative growth, it is not because of resources or funds but because of unfavourable climatic conditions, sudden drop in production due to pests, etc.\"\"In 2011-12, Nabard introduced warehouse construction projects. The government and private players were invited for developing warehouses and godowns across the state. These projects are expected to create a total storage capacity of 7.65 lakh tonne,\" he said.\"The capacity of these warehouses ranges from 500 tonne to 3,000 tonne. The total sanctioned amount for developing warehouses and godowns in the state is Rs 460 crore, which is 31% of the investment taking place at the national level,\" Ashok said.Pune district will have 27 godowns and warehouses at 21 locations, which will add storage capacity of 34,040 tonne in the next two years, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-12"}
