{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17515176", "title": "Compensate woman for post-sunset arrest: High Court", "text": "MUMBAI: Five years after a Matunga resident, Bharati Kandhar (56), was hauled to the police station in a checkbouncing case, the Bombay high court has questioned the arrest after sunset.\"Rules permit a woman's arrest after sunset, but only in exceptional circumstances . What were the exceptional circumstances?\" a division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sambhaji Shinde asked. They said it was a \"fit case\" for compensation for the woman and asked the state to inform them of the compensation amount it was willing to shell out.HC: Woman illegally detained for 3 hoursAdditional public prosecutor Mankunwar Deshmukh sought time to put forward the state's response.According to Bharati Kandhar's petition, on June 13, 2007, police officer Maruti Jadhav stopped his bike in front of her car outside her house and asked her to accompany him to the police station. When she asked the reason, the officer failed to reply . He called a lady officer at Bharati's insistence and took her to the police station around 5.45pm. At the police station, inspector Anant Gurav arrested her at 8.45pm on the basis of a non-bailable warrant issued by an Allahabad court in a chequebouncing case. She spent the night in the lock-up and was taken to a court next day, where she got bail around 1pm.Advocates Veena Thadani, Vishal Thadani and Shreeram Shirsat, who represented Bharati , said the police had arrested her in violation of norms. Under Section 46 (4) of the CrPC, no woman can be arrested after sunset and before sunrise , except under exceptional circumstances. Moreover, the arrest after sunset can be made only after seeking permission from a judicial magistrate.While going through the case, the court noticed that though Bharati was taken into custody around 5.45pm, she was arrested only at 8.45pm. \"She was illegally detained for three hours,\" said the judges.The Mumbai police commissioner , in his affidavit, had said a departmental inquiry had been ordered against the police officers. The matter will be next heard on December 9, when the state will put forward its response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514148", "title": "Driver who ran over kid may be suspended", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST management is likely to suspend its employee who was driving a private bus and mowed down a schoolboy in Kandivli. The BEST has taken serious cognizance of Wednesday's incident where six-year-old Gautam Naidu died on the spot while his mother, Lata, fractured her leg. The accused, Jokhanlal Yadav, on Thursday was sent to judicial custody for 15 days by a local court and is lodged in Thane prison. The BEST will serve him a showcause notice on Friday. A departmental enquiry has begun against him.\"We have issued strict warnings to all our 10,000 plus drivers that they will not be allowed to do part-time duty elsewhere. We had received reports in the past about some of our drivers working for travel agencies during weekends, driving buses for picnics or ferrying schoolchildren part time.Even if they are on leave, they are not permitted to work elsewhere as a driver, since they have been given a badge to drive BEST buses only. If we come across anyone flouting rules, he will face an inquiry and could be removed from service,\" said a BEST official.Meanwhile, the management of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel school, where Gautam studied in class I, has decided to help the boy's family financially. On Wednesday evening, neighbours of the victim's family visited the school with a local corporator, demanding financial aid for the family.\"Before the corporator and the neighbours arrived, we had informed the family that the school will take care of the mother's medical expenses. We will also take care of the education of Gautam's older brother, Mukesh, who is in class VII, by giving him scholarships,\" said Sangeeta Srivastav, school principal. Srivastav said the school will reimburse Gautam's fees that was paid when he was studying in pre-primary section of the same school.\"Yadav has admitted to entering a no-entry zone to reverse the bus, which resulted in the accident. Gautam and his mother weren't careful while crossing the road as they did not expect any vehicle in the entry zone,\" said a police officer. \"Yadav has said Gautam was running across the road and suddenly appeared before his vehicle. He applied the brakes but it was too late and the bus did not halt and he couldn't halt the vehicle.\"A medical examination revealed that Yadav wasn't drunk. He does not have a crime record. The bus will be inspected by the RTO. \"Yadav has 24 years of experience with BEST and has a clean record. He joined in 1988 and was promoted as senior driver a few years ago,\" a BEST official said.(With inputs from Nitasha Natu)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17513291", "title": "Dimple Yadav moves high court election petition", "text": "Samajwadi Party MP Dimple Yadav on Thursday moved Allahabad High Court seeking to quash a petition challenging her election from Kannauj Lok Sabha seat in a by-poll held earlier this year.Dimple's counsel KR Singh submitted the application under Section 86 (1) of the Representation of the People Act before single-judge bench of Justice Devendra Pratap Singh in response to the election petition of Prabhat Pandey.The court fixed January 9, 2013 as the next date of hearing in the matter.Agitation for farmers' rights: Kisan Manch has decided to continue their agitation till farmers get their rights. State president Kisan Manch Shekhar Dixit said farmers were being exploited in the name of development. All ministers forget their promise made to the poor farmers once they come to power. Expressing similar views, former legislator Ramkhelavan Pasi said, \"Companies decide the cost of their product on their own. But, others decide the rate of grains sown by farmers and this is wrong.\"Loreto reunion: Loreto Convent alumni association would host the 'Reunion of '80 batch' on the school campus on Saturday December 8. Veteran teachers who taught the batch in junior and senior schools will be felicitated by the former students who passed out in 1980.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17514325", "title": "Youth to check open defecation", "text": "Daltonganj: A team of five Oraon tribal youths in village Kanouda under Court Khas panchayat in Lesliganj block will keep help check people defecating or urinating in public and will blow a whistle when they find one in relieving himself in the open.The person will be let off on two occasions with a warning, but if he is caught the third time, he will be produced before the samaj of the tribals and declared an outcast, said sources. Kanouda is a tribal dominated village with 42 BPL families - only seven of these families are Above Poverty Line.Sources said the tribals sat together on Wednesday and took a decision not to defecate in the open. The said if anybody found disobeying this order, they would face the music.Manoranjan Dubey, mukhiya of the Court Khas panchayat, said: \"If the person is caught relieving himself in public places for a third time, he will be brought to us and we will declare him an outcast.\"Dubey said each BPL family has received Rs 4,600 from the district administration under the Total Sanitation Drive campaign to build a toilet at home.The beneficiary's contribution will be Rs 900, which he can give by way of working as labourers for the construction of the toilet or by purchasing brick, sand and cement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516896", "title": "Akshay chooses Sonakshi over Parineeti", "text": "Akshay rewards Sonakshi's loyalty by offering her the lead in Ghajini director's next. Sorry Parineeti, better luck next time!There has been a lot of speculation about Akshay Kumar's leading lady in AR Murugadoss' Thupakki - his second Hindi film after Ghajini (2008). While certain reports suggested that PeeCee Junior, Parineeti may be the one to star opposite the actor, insiders revealed that Sonakshi Sinha may just have landed her third film with Akki.While some media reports claimed that Parineeti may have landed the coveted role, her spokesperson confirmed, \"She is not doing the film.\" As for Sonakshi, the chance to star with Akki for the third time was not without its share of near-misses.Even while the casting was being finalised, there were rumours about Sonakshi being upset with Akki for not standing up for her candidature for the role despite she supporting his decision to boycott the promotions of Joker earlier in the year.Says a source, \"The fact that Sonakshi was possibly not the first choice for Thupakki did not agree with her since she had pinned her hopes on Akki. After Rowdy Rathore, Joker and the special appearance in Oh My God , she had hoped that Akki would reward her commitment by offering her the lead role in one of his biggest films this season. When that did not happen, she had retreated hurt.\"But all the bitterness may now be a thing of the past. In fact, we learnt that Akki and Sonakshi saw the original Tamil action thriller together last week. Incidentally, not just Sonakshi, several other actresses had been pitching hard for the lead role opposite Akki, who will be seen as an Army officer in the film.Meanwhile, Pink City stops for PC Jr Maneesh Sharma waited long to start his third film with YRF. After Shahid Kapoor's ouster from the project and replacing him with Sushant Singh Rajput, the director finally started shooting the film in Jaipur.The Badi Chaupar market in the Pink City came to a stand-still as Parineeti, Sushant and Maneesh shot their first scene there. A make-shift coffee shop was created on the roof of a shop in the market area.According to source close to the film, the cast and crew will move to Bapu Bazaar and Nehru Bazaar for the next leg of the shooting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17513424", "title": "DRI sleuths bust drug racket", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city has become a major transit point of drugs with large parts of Bangladesh fast emerging as drug consuming zones and the bordering areas of Tripura becoming a feeder to the fast-growing drug market of the neighbouring country.The sleuths of directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) busted a drug racket here on Thursday morning. The DRI succeeded to seize 125 cartoons of phensedyl and two cartons of tablets containing pseudoephedrine from two trucks. The seized consignment was hidden under goods going to shopping malls in Agartala and Silchar.\"There are around 19,000 bottles of phensedyl worth Rs 15 lakh. While one 100 ml bottle of phensedyl costs around Rs 100 in India, it will be sold for three times its price in Bangladesh,\" added the official. The tablets are worth Rs one lakh. The sleuths said a huge consignment of phensedyl cough syrup is presently being sent to Bangladesh via Guwahati from West Bengal.\"Phensedyl is extremely popular in Bangladesh as liquor consumption in the country is restricted. Taking advantage of the situation , some unscrupulous traders of Tripura in nexus with some drug sellers of West Bengal and Bihar are smuggling the syrup across the border,\" said a senior official of DRI here.The DRI sleuth also arrested three people in the case - Saheb Hussain (32), Rustam Ali (26) and Md Abbas Khan (36). Sahed and Rustam hailed from West Bengal while Abbas is from Bihar.The official added that though the issue of smuggling drugs from India was discussed at the diplomatic level with Dhaka, a huge nexus of drug distributors in India and illegal drug smugglers in Bangladesh are constantly running the drug market.\"Guwahati, with its easy road, air and railway connectivity, has emerged as a major drug hub and transit point. A party relays the drug consignment from here to another in Tripura, from where the third party takes it to Bangladesh,\" said the DRI official.A few months back, another Bangladesh-bound consignment of cough syrup was seized by the CID here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513122", "title": "Report regularly implementation of national schemes: Usmani", "text": "LUCKNOW: Assessing the implementation of the National Development Programme in the state, chief secretary Jawed Usmani directed on Thursday that monthly and weekly progress reports of all schemes under the programme be presented to him by the third of very month.Pulling up errant officials for poor utilisation of Central government funds, Usmani also said the irrigation and fisheries departments should within 24 hours present a proposal to initiate action against the officials responsible.Seeking complete transparency in the implementation of the government-run development programmes, including the Bundelkhand Development Package, Usmani said third party audit should be done by credible independent agencies like UP Council Of Agricultural Research (UPCAR), Giri Institute of Development Studies (GIDS) and Planning Research and Action Institute (PRAI).In the current fiscal, the UP government has proposed to spend Rs 376.20 crore on implementing various schemes under the National Development Programme. As part of the scheme, Usmani asked government departments to strengthen UP's cold chain networks, provide better storage facilities, seeds and fertilisers to farmers and also advised officials to set up state-of-the-art training centres for fish farmers in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "17515040", "title": "Eight years after her murder, police arrest two uncles of Shivani", "text": "MADHEPURA: Though somewhat belatedly, the long arms of the law have finally reached the jugular veins of the culprits who bore animosity against their own siblings and poisoned their niece over eight years back.Shivani was poisoned to death in Sahugarh mohalla of Madhepura town under the same town police station on April 2004. Her three uncles were charged with killing Shivani in an FIR lodged by her parents with Madhepura police station. The killing was a fallout of a protracted land dispute between the two families, police said quoting the FIR.The then district police chief had supervised the case. In his progress report (two) submitted on June 14, 2004, he confirmed that killing of Shivani was an act of a cold-blooded and pre-mediated murder plan. The SP directed the Investigating Officer (IO) to proceed accordingly in the case, police sources revealed.There was, however, a twist in the tale. And seven years after Shivani was killed, the then Madhepura SDPO dug out the case. The then SDPO did not only reportedly buckled under pressure, but also overturn the former SP's supervision report. He submitted a fresh report after examining the witnesses once again in the case. He virtually gave a clean chit and exonerated the accused of the charge of killing Shivani, police sources added.However, deceased Shivani's mother Jailata Devi did not take things lying down. She knocked the door of the State Human Rights Commission ( SHRC) which, in turn, directed the DIG, Kosi Range, as well as Madhepura SP to have a fresh look into the case.Spurred by the State Human Rights Commission, the police swung into action and raided the premises of the deceased Shivani' uncles at Diwanitola in Madhepura town. Two of the accused mentioned in the FIR: Shambhu Yadav and Ramesh Yadav, were finally arrested on December 4 evening, police said.Madhepura SP Shaurav Kumar Shah confirmed that two accused who are charged with killing Shivani had been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17516964", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal stages sit-in near CM Sheila Dikshit's residence over demolition", "text": "NEW DELHI: AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal and scores of people staged a sit-in near chief minister Sheila Dikshit's residence on Friday morning to protest against demolition of buildings in a south Delhi locality and demanded that they be given an audience with her.Over 100 people started gathering at Dikshit's Motilal Nehru Marg residence at 7am while Kejriwal joined them an hour later to protest demolition of their houses in Shaheenbagh.A large number of police personnel were deployed at the spot to avoid any untoward incident.Police barricaded one side of road from Janpath side which has the entry gate to Dikshit's residence.Protesters shouted slogans against the government action. \"The land where these people are living is there land, they have documents of it. But it's unauthorised because you have to get the map passed by the government,\" Kejriwal said.\"But on October 4, 2010 Sonia Gandhi had announced that 1600 colonies will be regularised, this colony is also one of them. But despite that 500 houses were demolished,\" he said.He alleged showrooms nearby were not razed. \"We were asking for Dikshit's time which was not given. We are not here for a clash with the government but a sit in protest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514217", "title": "'Boys stand outside college &amp; pass comments, but we can't even react'", "text": "MUMBAI: Eve-teasing occurs not only in isolated areas of Dombivli, but is rampant outside colleges and police have so far done little to stop it. On Thursday, TOI visited Model College and Pendarkar College in Dombivli (east), where students often complain of eve-teasing. A girl from Model College said, \"Boys from outside the college stand at the gates and pass comments at us but we are forced to ignore them. If we react, they harass us more . Sometimes they play high-volume music in their cars when girls pass by.\" Another girl said, \"Once I rebuked a boy who asked for my address, but he then followed me home which made my parents doubt me.\"Yuva Sena leader Durgesh Chouhan said, \"We received several complaints about eve-teasing near Model College. We met Ramakant Mehre, senior inspector, Manpada police station, who said patrolling will be increased in the area. If they don't act on the complaint, we will deal with such miscreants in Sena style.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17514983", "title": "PIMS plunges into darkness due to pending power bill of around Rs55L", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) plunged into darkness on Thursday after Powercom disconnected its supply in the afternoon on Thursday due to non-payment of pending bill of around Rs 55 lakh.\"We gave them a notice and then they gave us assurance with a postdated cheque on Thursday. But this cheque also bounced,\" said a senior Powercom official.It is for the sixth time that power supply of the only tertiary care centre of Doaba region has been disconnected due to non-payment of bill.The institute is already witnessing a strike by the staff due to non-payment of salaries for the last found months. The MBBS students living in the hostel refused to have food from the canteen, as it was not of good quality. The students alleged that they had been complaining about the quality of food but the PIMS management failed to address the issue.The students also sat on a dharna while staying away from the classes.Meanwhile, owners of some shops inside the institute have shut their establishments as they were not getting any customers as its big building sans patients.The strike is ten days old, but the institute management led by state rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra has failed to resolve the issues. The staff members on strike told that they had not got any assurance from the management about the time frame for clearing their pending salaries.PIMS is passing through serious financial crisis and even the banks had warned to declare its loan accounts as non-performing assets (NPA). It is learnt that the members of the society were not pushing enough funds required for running the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17515632", "title": "Land sharks eye Kabirpanthi math", "text": "VARANASI: The Kabirchauramath Moolgadi, the main seat of Kabirpanth, is believed to be the beacon for temporal as well as spiritual life of its followers. It was here that Saint Kabir undertook sadhna and taught his followers the basics of the 'Beejak' that contains the secrets of knowledge.However, nowadays, the properties of this hallowed place, which even played a role in the country's freedom movement and was visited by Mahatma Gandhi , are in the eyes of land sharks. Even the mahanth of the Kabirchauramath feels the need of security cover in view of threats from such elements. Attempts are reportedly being made to sell out the properties in connivance with some sadhus associated with the Kabirchauramath.The chief of the math, Acharya Mahant Vivekdas admitted that some sadhus of this math sold properties at places like Nalanda and Gorakhpur, and recently also tried to sell the math's land at Mawaiyya in Sarnath area. \"But the alertness of the math management and local administration foiled the attempt in Mawaiyya,\" said Vivekdas, adding that he would seek security cover from the district administration in such a volatile situation.The Kabirchauramath Moolgadi, a global hub of Kabirpanthis, has an enduring tradition of constructive work to serve people, particularly the marginalized and oppressed masses.Vivekdas is the 24th Acharya in succession. However, some sadhus are being tempted by worldly things and are maligning the glorious tradition of Kabirpanth, said Vivekdas, adding that he came to know that the properties of Kabirchauramath were sold at different places. He not only raised the matter before the officials but also registered a case.According to him, the Moolgadi runs a research cell, which will be developed as a research institute. It will engage research scholars in researching different aspects of the Kabirpanth, Bhakti movement and the preaching delivered by Kabir and by other saints belonging to the rich lineage of this tradition.The Moolgadi is a vibrant intellectual center for discourses on the different aspects of spiritualism and society. Scholars from various universities are engaged in these academic and scholarly activities facilitated by the Moolgadi.It has built up a library which houses over 700 rare manuscripts along with a rich collection of books on almost all the aspects and streams related to Bhakti movement, Saint Kabir and other saints of medieval era. The Moolgadi also has its own publication house. Statues of all important saints and like-minded public-personalities have been installed on the campus of Moolgadi.The murals depicting the life journey of Kabir besides the labour-oriented spiritual tradition shaped by him are also engraved on the inner walls of the premises. All these have made the Moolgadi a place of pilgrimage as well as a tourist spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17513949", "title": "IIT coaching at click of a mouse", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students, aspiring to crack competitive exams like IIT-JEE, All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) and All India Pre Medical Test (AIPMT), may no longer need to cough up exorbitant fees at coaching centres and attending time-consuming classes. Now they can get online guidance and coaching from experts on each subject, appear in mock tests and get sample questions sitting at home, courtesy TechnoPrep.com, an e-module developed by an Odia computer engineer.IT professional Brahmanshu Mishra, the brain behind the web-portal said, \"The idea of developing web-based coaching hit me when most of the entrance tests in the country became online. TechnoPrep offers better coaching by top IIT professors at a fraction of classroom coaching cost and students don't have to stay in a hostel in a different city to prepare for the entrance tests.\" Now that the Centre is all set to make Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET) and AIPMT exam online, TechnoPrep can be a great help for students to practise for the tests and stay ahead in the competition, he said.TechnoPrep officials said the firm has roped in some of the best professors in subjects like physics, chemistry, mathematics and biology to create an extensive database of top-quality questions and elaborate solution to each question.\"All chapters have been divided in a timeline of weeks. Every week we send materials, synopsis and sample questions for both board and entrance examinations. Students can also get the experience of online test so that they can get rid of the examination panic,\" said Dharitri Dash, manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513695", "title": "Cabbie steals passenger's luggage, held", "text": "KOLKATA: Police, on Thursday, arrested a taxi driver for stealing the luggage of a passenger. Mohammed Nizamuddin, the cabbie, confessed during the interrogation that he couldn't control his greed after knowing that the passenger was carrying a lot of cash and valuables. The passenger was carrying Rs 11,000 cash and some valuables. Police managed to recover the stolen goods later.One Bimal Sarkar boarded the taxi from Howrah station for his Jagaddal home. He was supposed to go to his Jagaddal house before joining his office in Guwahati. Sarkar used to work with a private firm in Raipur in Chhattishgarh.Sarkar, who was supposed to join his new office in Guwahati, had planned to spend a few days at his ancestral home in Jagaddal. After disembarking at Howrah, Sarkar took the taxi.He got down from the cab after reaching Sealdah court. \"As he asked the driver to open the boot, the driver said that he would take the taxi a little forward to get a proper parking slot. Suddenly, Sarkar found that the taxi sped away. He made an abortive attempt to chase the taxi,\" said police.Witnesses said that though he raised an alarm, the taxi had already gone beyond the visible distance. Somehow, Sarkar managed to recall the registration number of the taxi while registering a complaint with the Entally police station., though he said that there might be some minor interchange of number during lodging his complaint with Entally police station.Police started looking for the taxi at the Howrah station in plain clothes. Soon, they got hold of Nizamuddin and later recovered the stolen goods from his friend's place at Howrah. The Entally PS officials said Sarkar was talking to someone on his cellphone, when the cabbie overheard his words.. \"The driver overheard his words and got to know that he was carrying cash and valuables with him,\" said an investigator., After some search, the investigators found that the taxi, in all probability, operated from Howrah station. On Friday, plainclothes police officers zeroed in on the taxi and arrested Mohammed Nizamuddin, its driver. During the interrogation, Nizamuddi broke down and confessed his guilt.Police later retrieved the entire stolen goods from Nizamuddin's friend's house in Howrah. Police said that while travelling in the cab, Sarkar was speaking on his mobile. From his words, Nizamuddin got an idea that Sarkar was carrying a lot of cash and valuables. His conversation triggered greed and he decided to flee with his goods. But Sarkar was smart enough to remember the registration number, said an investigator with Entally police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14320789", "title": "Healthy food combinations for you", "text": "Like human beings, foods can also bring out the best in each other, nutritionally speaking. Read on to find out who should date whom for your good health.You already know a lot about what foods are good for you. But there's more to healthy eating than just that. Sometimes, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. And this is especially true for some food combinations, even if they sound weird when you first hear about them. Dietician Sheela Tanna tells you how to pair food to unlock the benefits of individual ingredients.Beans and greens Beans are rich in proteins and iron. When paired with veggies rich in Vitamin C such as spinach, sprouts and potatoes, it aids weight loss. \"Your body uses three times more energy to metabolise proteins than carbs and fats,\" says Tanna. \"Vitamin C rich foods do not aid weight loss directly. But they have water soluble nutrients which make them very low calorie foods. The combination of beans and veggies won't let you gain those extra kilos.\" Also, the iron content of beans gets better absorbed in the presence of Vitamin C from vegetables.Turmeric and salmon Turmeric has healing and anti-inflammatory properties. Salmon is low on carbohydrates and high on protein. When the two are combined, the properties of Omega 3 fatty acids present in salmon get a boost and it guards the nervous system against the effects of ageing. It also increases the level of HDL (good cholesterol), which improves heart health by keep the arteries clear of bad cholesterol.The combination is also believed to slow tumour growth by keeping the cancer cells from multiplying.Tomato and Olive Oil Tomatoes contain Vitamin C and the antioxidant lycopene in substantial quantities. This antioxidant lowers the risk of cataracts, osteoporosis , cancer and the effects of ageing. Olive oil, also rich in antioxidants, promotes the formation of HDL (good cholesterol) in the body. Lycopene gets better absorbed in the presence of olive oil and is highly beneficial for the heart. It purifies the blood and dissolves gallstones. The combo also boosts liver function of protein synthesis and detoxification of the body. It's believed to reduce the effects of hypertension.Whole grains and onions Whole grains, such as maize, brown rice, barley and wheat, contain iron and zinc in different quantities. The two minerals are absorbed by the human body more easily in the presence of sulphur compounds present in onions - which is also what makes you cry when you slice them. Iron is part of blood cells in the body and carries oxygen from the lungs to muscles and organs. Zinc helps in healing wounds. Antioxidants and Vitamin C present in onions also facilitate the iron absorption from whole grains.Whole grains are also rich in Vitamin E which, when combined with Vitamin C, become beneficial for the skin. \"This also goes for other combinations of vegetables rich in Vitamin C such as carrots, cabbage, peas and pumpkin with whole grains,\" says Tanna.Broccoli and mustard Broccoli is a good source of Vitamin C, antioxidants and a compound called sulforaphane. This compound exhibits anti-cancer and anti-diabetic properties. The absorption of sulforaphane is better in the presence of myrosinase, an enzyme present in mustard. The two combat bacterial infections in the urinary tract, excretory system, digestive system and the colon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17513290", "title": "IPS officer killing: Gujjar claims innocence in court", "text": "INDORE: Manoj Gujjar, the accused of running the truck over IPS officer Narendra Kumar with illegally-mined stones on Thursday, said in the special CBI court that he has been framed in the case by the local police. He pleaded innocence before the justice Anupam Srivastava while he was asked 72 questions to register his statement.Gujjar, registering his statements in the court, said a night before the incident (07-03-12) he was taking tractor-trolley home. He met with an accident late night the same day and fell unconscious.\"I woke up in police station on 08-03-12, where police thrashed me and forcefully took my signatures on the documents without my knowledge,\" said Gujjar.Meanwhile, a fresh petition was filed by Morya under section 91 of CrPc requesting the court to present the records of telephonic conversations of slain IPS officer Kumar, the constable who used to provide money to the wives of then SP and TI of the district. Morya also requested the court to call the police diary of the day the incident happened.The fresh petition was filed on Thursday in wake of slain IPS officer's father's statement in the court stating that a police constable Rajkumar used to collect money from illegal miners to pass it on to the wives of TI and SP on regular basis. Kumar's father Keshav Dev also filed a fresh petition in the court under section 311 of CrPc requesting court take statements of the constable who arrested Manoj Gujjar after the incident. Dev said that CBI has yet not registered statements of the constable.The next hearing of the case is scheduled on Friday to take present details requested before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513124", "title": "Documentary on bana singing tradition to be screened at Intimalente-2012", "text": "BHOPAL: Short documentary film Mythic Reflection, which highlights the issue of vanishing tradition of bana singing and story telling will be screened during the international film festival 'Intimalente-2012' to be held at Caserta, Italy on December 8. The documentary has been prepared by the former students of Sardar Vallabh Bhai Polytechnic.Intimalente-2012 is intended to promote documentary cinema with particular attention to anthropological topics and methodologies.Producer and director of Mythic Reflection, Samrat Singh said the objective of the documentary was to focus on the creative contribution of 'Gond Pardhan' musicians, whose art of singing and story telling is now almost on the verge of 'extinction.' Besides, the documentary focusses on the reasons that compelled the Pardhans shifting from music to painting.\"The century-old 'Bana' singer and storytellers were influenced by the socio-economic and cultural traditions which later forced them to take up brush and canvass,\" Samrat said.Bana is a three string fiddle played by Pardhan musicians for their Gond patrons in the Eastern Madhya Pradesh. Unlike the more familiar bowed lutes like Sarangi, the violin like Bana is virtually unknown outside its local area. Even in the local area, one has to travel to the remote and scattered villages to hear it.Samrat has the credit of producing five documentaries based on tribal culture and 35 other videos and commercials.Most part of the documentary was shot in the interior parts of Dindori district.\"It took almost a year of research work before we started shooting the documentary. Hardly 4-5 people from Pardhans community now play Bana. Most of the Pardhans have shifted to painting,\" script writer Ashish Bhawalkar said.Teaching faculty in SV Polytechnic, Bhawalkar said: \"We are expecting that the documentary will be received well at the film festival.\"In the past, Bhawalkar guided his students in making documentary 'Kabaad se Jugaad' which received huge recognition at the national level.Abhinav Dwivedi, youngest member of the team, has edited the documentary. Mahesh Dange was the man behind lens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514254", "title": "Puri lifeguards threaten ceasework", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lifeguards on Puri beach have threatened to stop offering services on the beach protesting against the government's apathy towards their socio-economic development. They took out a huge rally at Puri on Thursday demanding jobs in hotels, supply of lifejackets and insurance.\"Our community has been neglected by the government though we toil hard to save lives of swimmers on the beach. We will be forced to quit if the administration does not fulfill our demands,\" said Dinabandhu Rao, secretary of the Puri Sea Beach Lifeguard Mahasangha. At present, around 275 lifeguards work on the sprawling 6-km beach.Their major demand includes employment in hotels. \"The government should facilitate our employment in hotels. This would not only boost our economy but also check drowning incidents,\" Rao said. At present, only a handful of hotels and Barefoot-run community beach have hired lifeguards for their guests.Another lifeguard Gaul Krishna Rao said the government should provide them latest gadgets such as life jackets and power boats. \"Since we are jeopardizing our lives, the government should also insure each lifeguard,\" Rao said, adding \"We should be given ESI cards and uniforms.\"The lifeguards work from 6 am to 6 pm. While some of them manage to earn nearly Rs 50 a day, there are many who return home without a penny. On a given day, the lifeguards save nearly 10 people from the rough sea. Police said nearly 14 drowning cases have been reported so far this year. But the lifeguards claim that at least 30 people have already drowned this year.The state government recently pulled up its socks to thwart drowning tragedies and announced to demarcate safe bathing zones on the beach. But the plans have fallen by the wayside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512962", "title": "A music fest for, of and by the teens", "text": "BANGALORE: That passion for music continues to give a sense of purpose to youngsters to express themselves creatively can be witnessed soon.Come Saturday and eight bands - mostly teenagers, including a five-member band of 13-year-olds - will slug it out for the top three spots at the Battle of the Bands, to be held at the UB City amphitheater. This will entitle them to one gig each at two of the most sought after venues, and a song recording deal with a prominent studio in the city.It all began when Rishab Ramanathan, a Class XI student of Mallya Aditi International School, and guitarists-cum-vocalist of his school band, The Genuine Sakes, woke up one April night to scribble mindlessly in his notebook. He had an idea which had to be put down on paper and discussed with his band mates.\"The concept of reinvent music was born in April after my friends and band mates agreed with my vision to help create a platform for budding young musicians,\" said Rishab.His other band mates, and co-founders of 'Reinvent music', Siddharth Varkey, Shiv Moola and Dhruv Shia Rao, then persuaded the school principal to give the young music buffs in their school time and space to practise their musicin a band set-up.\"We choose about 25 bands and got them to stay back for practice sessions in our school. Based on their skill levels, , and individual's ability to gel with others,we formed four bands. We helped the four bands select song lists and allocate skill sets before they could finally come up with their own song sets,\" said Rishab.This was followed by a request to other schools , in the form of a drafted letter to principals, to get as many young bands from schools and pre-university colleges to participate at a music event that was set to pitch the most talented teenage musicians against each other.Out of the 15 bands that performed at the prelims, 11 registered themselves through Facebook, while the other four used emails and made calls to ensure their place. \"The grand finale is set to see eight very interesting acts fight each other for the top spots,\" Rishab said.Shashank Akella, a 16-year-old commerce student of St Joseph's Boys High School, is set to perform with his classmates for the first time in a public space, and that too in the presence of his parents. \"I have performed before with my guitar teacher at the Sunday jam but never with my peers. This is going to be exciting,\" said the vocalist and guitarist of band Vortex, one of the eight bands which have qualified for Saturday's grand finale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514012", "title": "Mental scars last a lifetime even if injuries heal", "text": "MUMBAI: In two months, an outspoken and ambitious Preeti Margappa has become quiet, introverted and too scared to do anything on her own. The 17-year-old, who was aspiring to be a jewellery designer, refuses to step out of her house alone, fearing her face may be slashed again by the attacker who is out on bail.Preeti's face was slashed by a hooligan repeatedly when she objected to his lewd comments at Juhu Galli. Her family is upset that the attacker is out on bail even before her wounds have healed. \"The accused's family had come to us seeking mercy, but we had turned them away thinking the law will take its own course. Now that the man is out, she is consumed by the fear of being attacked again,\" said her brother-in-law.Experts say victims of such heinous attacks grapple with psychological scars all their lives even if the physical ones heal. Ten months after acid was flung on her in a railway station, Aarti Thakur, 22, is yet to recover. The pain and burning sensation has not gone. She needs two more surgeries to restore functionality of her forearms, chin and face.The attack has not only given her scars and functional deformities but put her family under acute financial pressure. \"The attack has made me paranoid about being alone, at home or outside,\" said Aarti. \"My family has plunged into a crisis. My mother visits trusts and NGOs almost everyday to collect Rs 1.5-2 lakh for my surgeries. We are sustaining ourselves on loans.\"Starlet Neelam Singh, who was assaulted by an autorickshaw driver and his aide while on her way home from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus last month, is still consulting doctors for rib injuries. \"My doctor has told me not to work out. It might take months to heal fully,\" she said.But more than the physical pain, it's the police's disinterest in the case that's causing her anxiety. \"I've been calling up the Tilak Nagar police to find out the status of the two accused, Anil Sharma and Satish Singh. But all I'm told is that the duo is behind bars. The cops give no response when I ask about their identification parade. I fear they are going to get off lightly,\" Neelam said.Images of the incident keep coming back to Neelam and sleep eludes her most of the time. \"I think twice before hailing an autorickshaw now and take every possible precaution like noting down the registration number and messaging it to my friends,\" Neelam added.A blade slash on the face left Mona Chaudhary, 20, a student of Dr Shirodkar High School and Junior College at Parel, with 28 stitches. Her uncle Bharat says the mental scars seem deeper than the gashes. \"She has to be dropped and picked up from college. We are trying to help her forget the incident, but she may take longer than we think,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17514903", "title": "Road divider proves fatal again, youth crushed to death by truck", "text": "JAIPUR: A damaged road divider proved fatal for a 22-year-old youth who was run over by a rashly driven truck at B2B bypass in Mansarover locality here on Thursday. He was trying to cross the road on his motorbike via a broken road divider when the truck hit him.Earlier on December 4, additional chief secretary V S Singh, was hit by a rashly driven car while standing on a damaged road divider outside the Central Park.Thursday's incident happened when the victim identified as Damodar Sharma, who works as a male staff nurse at a private hospital was going to his office, and tried to cross the road on his motorcycle through a damaged road divider at 9.30 in the morning.\"A portion of the road divider was broken from where the youth attempted to reach the other side of the road. While he was turning his vehicle towards SFS shopping centre through the road divider, he was hit by a rashly driven truck coming from the opposite direction,\" an officer of accident (south) police station said.Soon after the accident, hundreds of people gathered at the B2B bypass and organised a sit-in to protest against the failure of PWD department in making proper road dividers. They questioned as to how the road divider was broken and why it has not been repaired by the civic authorities.The locals and the police were at loggerheads over the issue but later some people put stones on the portion from where the road divider was broken. \"As a temporary arrangement, we were trying to put some stones to cover the damaged portion of the road divider and the policemen on duty did not allow us to do so,\" complained Ramesh Chandra, an eyewitness of the accident. The deceased, a male staff nurse at Sarvodaye Hospital situated near B2B bypass, had left the home of his maternal uncle after having breakfast, police said.After the truck hit the bike, the youth was crushed under the tyres. \"He sustained grave head injuries and ruptured legs,\" the officer said.A case under Section 304-A (causing death due to negligence) of the IPC was registered against the driver of the truck who managed to flee from the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17514299", "title": "HDMC plans to purify waste water", "text": "Hubli: In a bid to rejuvenate drying water bodies and enhance underground water level, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) is contemplating setting up waste water treatment plants near lakes in the twin cities. For the purpose, it has decided to set up a plant near lakes and utilize the decentralized waste water treatment (DEWAT) technology. Drainage water will be purified at the plant before leaving it to lakes. Each plant will purify around 10 lakhs litres of drainage water. HDMC has already shortlisted four lakes, including Jayanagar lake, Sadhankere lake in Dharwad and Navangar lake and Rayapur lake in Hubli for the purpose. As a pilot project, the plant will be set up near Jayanagar lake in Dharwad shortly. The objective is to utilize wastewater flowing through drains. The twin cites have about 20 lakes. Earlier, there were 42 lakes, but most of them have now been converted into layouts or play grounds.Rejuvenation work To protect the existing lakes, both the district administration and HDMC have taken up lake rejuvenation work under Rs 100-crore special grant sanctioned by the government. Unkal lake, Kelgere lake, Sadhankere lake, Nuggikere, Lohiyanagar lake, Bhairidevarkoppa lake and Rayapur lake got a new lease of life under the scheme. Now, going a step ahead, the HDMC has decided to increase ground water level in all the existing lakes. Rs 30 lakh for each plant Each plant will cost around Rs 30 lakh for the corporation, HDMC commissioner Y S Patil told TOI. \"Purified water can be used for all purposes except drinking. With this initiative, we hope to increase underground water level in these cities and overcome water scarcity,\" he added. Mukund Maigur, an environmentalist, said the move will help people utilize purified water for agricultural purpose. HDMC should set up DEWAT plant near all the existing lakes instead of limiting it to one or two lakes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517909", "title": "'Khiladi 786' is a farcical fun", "text": "What can be said about a film where a couple named Mili and Bhagat conspire to bring their employer's empire down?Mili? Bhagat? Get it?Khiladi 786 is the kind comic orgy done in shades of green orange and pink which doesn't require us to strain our brain. The kicks and grunts, guffaws and chortles, the antics raillery and tomfoolery flow out unstoppered like an uncapped toothpaste tube. The formula is simple. And stark. Get the audience to laugh at any cost. And some of it does work quite well. Shukriya.We have a hero, no make that a super-duper-hero, who flies across the air, pounds automobiles to a pulp with his bare fists, breaks down a jail cell's stone walls with a flick of his manly fist, gets goofy or gooey-eyed depending on his co-star on screen.Akshay's crazily improvised performance as a sham cop borrows dollops from Salman Khan's Dabangg and Akshay's own Rowdy Rathore. The derivative derring-do doesn't diminish the impact of the italicized antics that range from the arresting to the exasperating. Sample this. Asin (back in fetching form for the first time since Ghajini ) loves a lout who is chronically incarcerated. Each time the jailed loverboy ( Rahul Singh, well-cast effectively played) is about to be released he's sent back packing for some unintentional crime or the other. Aa ab 'lout' chalen ?The script seems to be written by someone who loves Akshay Kumar's humorous heroics and his emphatic but spoofy hijinks. Both the traits are amply accentuated in the script. Khiladi 786 ultimately becomes a showcase for its insanely successful superstar hero's talents. Akshay as we all know, loves to play the Punjabi Devdas. He did it effectively in Vipul Shah's Namaste London where he stepped back gallantly to let his wife Katrina Kaif make a fool of herself with an undeserving boyfriend.Exactly the same triangular situation crops up in the second-half of Khiladi 786 when midway through the anarchic hilarity Akshay decides to play the bleeding teary-eyed martyr \"gifting\" Asin to the aforementioned jailed jerk. Mamta Kulkarni in the early Khiladi film Sabse Bada Khiladi had done the airheaded lover girl running after the wrong man. Back then Akshay stood guard over Mamta with the same steadfast loyalty as he does for Asin. Some things never change in our cinema. Heroines may come and go. Heroes live on forever.A sense of continuity runs through all of Akshay Kumar's comedies. He doesn't do anything here that he hasn't done before. The trademark goofy grin and the self-deprecating humour are back. Here, the hero is desperate to get married. That's a sporting part whose subtext screams, 'Look, I am such a big star and I play a character who can't get a woman to marry me, ha ha .'It's all done in fun, with plenty of unzippered zest and a comforting absence of vulgarity. The ensemble cast, particularly Mithun Chakraborty and Raj Babbar , catches on to the shrill sur of a music that suggests a blend of parody and homage to the Formula Cinema. So we have long-lost brother of the hero showing up in the climax with a mocking mawkishness that Manmohan Deasi would have approved of.The music by Himesh Reshammiya is splendidly in-sync with the film's wacked-out mood. He often uses standard background effects from old Hindi films to remind us that we are laughing at conventions that never grew outdated in our cinema. Oh yes , Reshammiya also plays an important part in the film as a hopeless inept wedding planner. It's good to see Reshammiya doing a Gujju act. He was born to play Mansukh.As for Akshay Kumar's Khiladi act, he can do the parodic paces blindfolded. Adding adrenaline to the antics are the crashing, tumbling somersaulting cars provide thrills in a very Rohit Shetty way. Incidentally one character played by Sanjay Mishra thinks he looks like Amol Palekar . And bursts into Aanewala pal jaanewala hai from Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Gol Maal. Wondering if Mishra got the wrong Gol Maal. And did he mean Ajay Devgn instead of Amol Palekar?Khiladi 786 is an oddball of a dhamaka that blends slapstick with stunts. It is a farcical fun from first frame to the last. Go, have a blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518210", "title": "Actors have to worry about work, not money: Imran Khan", "text": "Quality of work is more important for actor Imran Khan than money.\"Actors have to worry about their work and not money. Producers are the guys who have to worry about the money,\" Imran told IANS.\"There are films which have done massive business and nobody has liked them. To me, it is important that people should remember my films 20 to 30 years down the line. I should be proud of doing a film. Money will come and go what matters is what do people say when they talk about you,\" he added.Imran's upcoming film \" Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola\" is slated to release early next year, and might turn out to be a big grosser of the first quarter of 2012.However, Imran feels the release date of a film doesn't matter.\"It really doesn't matter when the film releases. What matters is, 'Have people liked the film?'. The best I can say is that I am proud of this film and I am part of this film, beyond that nothing is in my hands,\" said Imran.Directed by Vishal Bhardwaj, \"Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola\" also features Anushka Sharma , Arya Babbar, Pankaj Kapoor and Shabana Azmi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "waknaghat (solan)", "code": "17515037", "title": "'Application may help ease traffic snarls'", "text": "Waknaghat (Solan): Fast-paced developments in technology have introduced an array of applications suitable in health diagnosis, mass transport system, data collection, cellphone connectivity, cloud computing and e-governance, among others. All these developments were part of the 2nd International conference on \"Parallel, Distributed and Grid Computing\" which has participation from as many as 23 countries.Speaking at the inaugural function of the conference being hosted by Jaypee University of Information Technology (JUIT), Zurich-based computer science expert Peter Widmayer said that transportation snarls are a global issue and fine-tuned application could help streamline traffic.A paper by Deepshikha Goyal, Jai Bhaskar and Parvinder Singh from the Central University of Rajasthan spells out a model of a patient monitoring device which can measure temperature, blood pressure and pulse rate of patients and transmit this digital data and create an alert during emergencies.Another paper by Xiao Ma, Yong Cui and Lian Wang from Tsinghua University , Beijing, discussed the emergence of mobile cloud computing that provides an opportunity to save processing power by distributing computation tasks to remote servers.\"The conference received 606 research papers, many from prestigious universities, and the reviewers shortlisted 195 papers which would be presented in the coming three days,\" said Ravi Prakash, JUIT vice-chancellor.Experts in the conference include Thomas H Cormen from Institute of Technology, Ivan Stojmenovic, Fellow IEEE; Assaf Schuster from Israel Institute of Technology, Technion City; Nikil Dutt, Fellow at IEEE, Eliezer Dekel, IBM Haifa Research Lab, Haifa, Israel; Peter Widmayer, Institute of Theoretische Informatik, Universitatstrasse, Zurich, Switzerland; among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513401", "title": "Court awards 10-yr jail term after 13 yrs in jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: A local court on Thursday sentenced a Muslim youth, alleged to be an aide of mafia Dawood Ibrahim and Chhota Shakeel, for possessing illegal AK-47 after 13 years from his arrest with a jail term of 10 years. The youth Azizuddin, a resident of Pune in Maharashtra was put in jail on June 1, 1999 and since then he remained in the custody only to be convicted on Thursday for a mere 10-year sentence. The youth had no reply as to whether he would be compensated for the period of more than three years, which he had to unnecessarily undergo in the case.Though special judge BD Mishra convicted Azizuddin alias Aziz Sheikh alias Abdul Sattar alias Abdul A Sheikh, he expressed strong reservation against the Lucknow police that it did not verify from the forensic science laboratory as to whether the firearm was in order. The judge criticised the police that it must have sent the firearm for lab test to ascertain whether it was ever used. The judge acquitted Azizuddin for the charges of waging war against the country and causing threat to the integrity of the nation.The court also did not find any connection of Azizuddin with Dawood Ibrahim or Chhota Shakeel. The co-accused Akeel Ahmed, a Lucknow resident was already sentenced on November 14, 2006 with a seven-year jail term in the same case.The Hazratganj Police arrested Azizuddin and Akeel on June 1, 1999 from a guest house. The police recovered AK-47 and empty cartridges from Azizuddin and 96 cartridges from Akeel, charging them for waging war against the country and posing threat to national integration. Azizuddin, however, had pleaded that he was a garment business man and had come to Lucknow in connection with his business. The police had picked him up from Charbagh railway and showed false recovery. The trial continued for more than 13 years and in this period, he had to remain in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512811", "title": "'Will evict encroachers from tourism properties'", "text": "PANAJI: The board of directors of the Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) on Thursday decided to remove all encroachments from GTDC properties and take them up for development of tourism infrastructure.They also decided to endorse a private initiative to launch Club Goa cards that will be sold to tourists and which will enable tourists to avail of discounts at approved establishments like restaurants, clubs, shops, etc.Announcing this at a media briefing, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar said that the GTDC has already appointed an estate manager to remove encroachments from all its properties across Goa. The estate manager has powers like that of a civil court and his decision can only be challenged in the district court and later in the High Court. Even if affected parties go to court, the decision of the estate manager can be implemented within one year, Parulekar said.The tourism minister said that till date, no government had dared to evict encroachers on tourism land and that the BJP government is firm. Responding to a question, Parulekar said that the tourism department will not bow down to pressure from BJP's coastal MLAs to defer the evictions.Parulekar cited the example of Baga, where the GTDC has 52,000 square metres of land, and about 5,000 square metres has been encroached upon. GTDC properties have also been encroached on at Colva, Benaulim and other places, he said, stressing that chief minister Manohar Parrikar is firmly behind him on this.GTDC chairman Nilesh Cabral said that the board of directors also approved a private proposal to endorse Club Goa cards to be sold to tourists visiting Goa. The cards, bearing the GTDC logo, will enable tourists to avail of discounts at various hotels including GTDC Residency hotels, restaurants, clubs and even shops that are approved by GTDC.It is envisaged that through the loyalty card, a database of high-end clients with contact details will be generated and online promotions generating 'repeat business' will happen. The proposal is free of cost for GTDC.Cabral also said that the board of directors also decided to construct essential amenities like toilets and changing rooms at popular beaches like Baga, Anjuna, etc. Work on this is already ongoing at Calangute and Baga and other beaches will be completed within four months, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17514275", "title": "Reds ask locals to quit cop jobs", "text": "KORAPUT: Maoists have asked locals working in Odisha Police and central forces to resign from their jobs. The message was loud and clear in posters put up at various places within Boipariguda police limits on Thursday.The posters alleged that the governments at the state and Centre are anti-poor and the locals are being used by corrupt officers and ministers to suppress the people's movement. They are unnecessarily getting caught in the crossfire, the poster added.Besides appealing to the security personnel deployed in the region to punish corrupt officers, the posters warned them against repressing their fight for rights over land, water and forests.The Maoists had earlier made a similar appeal to special police officers (SPOs) engaged in the district.The police are undeterred and said such propaganda had little impact on security forces. \"We are committed to our fight against the Left-wing extremists,\" said supreintendent of police (Koraput) Awinash Kumar.While traffic movement in several extremism-affected pockets of Koraput, Rayagada and Malkangiri districts was hit for the fifth day on Thursday following the PLGA week, the SP said there have been no reports of any untoward incident so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17513997", "title": "Four shops in Anna Nagar burgled,60 thousand missing", "text": "CHENNAI: Four shops in a building in Anna Nagar were burgled on Wednesday night.Police said the incident took place around 11pm on Wednesday after the shop owners had closed for the day.Police said 60,000, laptops and photocopy machines were stolen from two photocopy shops, two transport offices, a real estate firm and a construction firm in the building.Police said the burglars used a crowbar to open the shutters of the shops.Based on a complaint from the building owner Noor Mohammad, 60, police have filed a complaint and have launched a hunt for the burglars.The presence of a police outpost nearby and CCTV facility in Anna Nagar did not deter burglars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17513909", "title": "Spot of saffron in a sea of blue", "text": "MUMBAI: These days all roads leading to and from the iconic Shivaji Park are covered in an evocative bluish hue. But amidst this sea of Ambedkar followers converging on the ground to mark December 6, a tiny dot of saffron sticks out. Oblivious to the existence of the makeshift memorial to Shiv Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray , thousands of Dalit supporters move around the park performing routine errands, some attentively listening to loudspeakers blaring from tents.The 28-acre ground is at the centre of a controversy over whether the edifice built around Thackeray's Samadhi should be maintained at the site irrespective of the legal complications involved. The RPI, which is in alliance with the Sena in Maharashtra, has urged its supporters to pay obeisance to Thackeray. A few are falling in line with the party's political compulsions and its clarion call of 'Shiv Shakti-Bheem Shakti', but one Dalit worker from Madhya Pradesh wondered which great man's funeral was held at the spot.With news coming in of the clearance for an Ambedkar memorial at Indu Mill, which is only a stone's throw from the park, a sense of euphoria has enveloped the maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17518315", "title": "DRDO's website defaced by Algerian hacker group SanFour25", "text": "NEW DELHI: Websites of key Indian government organisations, including an advisor to the prime minister and the defence establishment DRDO, reportedly came under cyber attacks, leading to their shutdown for a while, government sources said.The government sources said some \"suspicious and unwanted\" activity was observed on these websites, maintained by the National Informatics Centre (NIC), following which these were shut down for a couple of hours.\"After checking the websites, these were restored,\" a source said, adding that the information contained by these websites is already in the public domain.\"There are no secrets on these websites,\" they stressed.Among the sites that came under the attack were those of the prime minister's adviser on public information, infrastructure and innovations - http://iii.gov.in, and Recruitment and Assessment Centre (RAC) of the Defence Research and Development Organisation(DRDO) www.rac.gov.in.Sam Pitroda is the prime minister's adviser on public information, infrastructure and innovations, while RAC takes care of the process of scientists recruitment for the DRDO.The cyber attackers group, said to be 'SanFour25', also targeted five more Indian websites and defaced them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17514029", "title": "Calendar change leaves kids no time for revision", "text": "CHENNAI: Students of classes 10 and 12 may not get enough practice before the board exams this year. As things stand, schools following the state government and matriculation boards of education may not have time to conduct two revision tests and a pre-model exam before the boards. This is due to the rain holidays and the two breaks for Ayudha Pooja and Diwali.The timetable for the common half-yearly exam for Classes 10 and 12 has been revised. The language exams will be held from December 19 to 22, followed by Christmas holidays till January 1. The core subject exams will be held from January 2 to 7 for Class 10 students and from January 2 to 10 for Class 12 students. Schools expect to lose a couple of holidays during Pongal too.Usually, the first revision test is held soon after the Pongal holidays if not earlier. This time, the half-yearly papers' evaluation is expected to finish only after the Pongal holidays as a SWOT analysis of each answer script is done. Teachers feel they won't be able to give students individual attention, leave alone have the time to give them tips for the boards.\"This leaves us with less than a month for two revision tests before the practical exams begin in the first week of February. There's just not enough time,\" said a maths teacher in a city school. Many schools are also doubtful of conducting the pre-model exams, which test students only on the core subjects.\"We usually bring motivational speakers and former board exam toppers after the revision tests to give students pep talks and tips. This time, I don't think this will be possible,\" a school head said. The board exams are unlikely to be postponed to give time for revision because it will impact college and Class 11 admissions, he added. Students are worried. \"We visit relatives and have guests during Christmas. New Year will also be spent in church. I don't know how I will prepare for the math exam on January 2,\" said Christopher , a student. Others who planned to party through New Year's eve said they would have to cancel the plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512973", "title": "Maddur market gives coconut growers a fair deal", "text": "BANGALORE: Coconut is grown in 16 states. Harvesting of tender nuts accounts for 25-30% of India's annual production of 19,000 million coconuts.\"Maddur leads in tender coconut harvesting, followed by Tirupur and Pollachi in Tamil Nadu, and centres in Andhra Pradesh , West Bengal , Maharashtra and Gujarat,\" Jose says.Maddur Tender Coconut Market president Chandrasekhar Mudya says the market is active round the clock. \"Maddur and surrounding districts are suitable for coconut palm cultivation, thanks to their access to Cauvery water. Coconuts grown here are big and full of water. This market used to be dormant. But over the past few years, we have seen a lot of action around tender coconut because more farmers are now willing to harvest tender coconuts instead of harvesting them as matured nuts. The economic value of tender coconuts has gone up.\"The market's auction mechanism has helped the farmers get better prices. T K Kempaiah, vice chairman of the market, says when tender and mature coconuts are sold at the farm gate, they fetch less than Rs 5 per unit. \"But in our market, farmers are able to get better value through a fair auction, conducted without any middlemen.\"Tender coconuts are harvested carefully to avoid breakage. If harvested well, they last up to 10 days. They are brought down trees in bunches. They are then gently loaded onto trucks, tractors or bullock carts to be transported to the market. Grading for size and quality, which determines the price - between Rs 7 and Rs 10 per nut - takes place, and then they are put on the block. Within three to five hours of harvesting, they are sent to various destinations.Siddharamaiah Deshahalli, a large coconut cultivator, says the market has helped the farmers get better value. \"However, buyers still control the market, influencing grading and pricing. To move a single tender coconut from palm to market, a farmer needs to spend Rs 2.\"Indonesia , the Philippines and India, in that order, are the biggest producers of coconut. Sri Lanka, Brazil and Thailand account for much smaller proportions of global production. Consumption has always been high in these markets, but the portion of tender harvest has been small. But this segment is now growing rapidly because of the high nutritional value.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514088", "title": "Airline to pay 80k for grounding duo", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission has held that not informing passengers about an expected delay of a flight or its likely cancellation amounts to deficiency in service. The commission held this while directing Air France to pay Rs 80,000 to a Khar-based doctor couple who was informed that their May 2009 flight to Paris was cancelled only after they reached the airport.\"Deficiency in service on the part of the appellant (airline) by not informing the complainants in advance about the expected long delay or likely cancellation of the flight is well established,\" the commission said.According to Dr A C Kothari and Dr Gopa Kothari, they were scheduled to fly business class to Paris on May 5, 2009. The flight was scheduled to take off at 2.25am. They arrived at the airport three hours prior to the departure and got to know that their flight was cancelled. As they were not informed earlier, their reservation at a hotel in Naples , France, and a taxi booked to take them from the airport to that hotel was wasted. Alleging deficiency in service, they filed a complaint in a district forum in 2009.In October 2010, the district forum directed the airlines to pay a total of Rs 1.11 lakh along with interest and Rs 35,000 as compensation. Aggrieved, the airline filed an appeal in the state commission in 2011.The commission said the airline had to reimburse the expenses the Kotharis incurred due to cancellation of hotel booking on the day of arrival, taxi charges and meals expenses they had to incur at Paris airport due to missing a connecting flight to Naples. This amounts to Rs 25,830.The commission, however, agreed with the airline's appeal that there were no circumstances to grant the Kotharis compensation for mental agony. \"Considering the circumstances and considering the provisions of Carriage by Air Act, 1972, no compensation for mental torture, as alleged, and Rs 30,000 awarded by the forum as per the order could be claimed or awarded. Therefore, the impugned order needs modification to that extent,\" the commission said. The commission accordingly ordered the airline to pay Rs 50,000 as compensation along with Rs 25,830. The Kotharis will also get Rs 5,000 as costs of the complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513747", "title": "Kolkata school celebrates 17 yrs in education", "text": "KOLKATA: Lauding Lakshmipat Singhania Academy's (LSA) academic brilliance, Subir Chowdhury, former director of IIM-Calcutta, exhorted the students to be entrepreneurs rather than job seekers so that they can create employment opportunities in the country.Speaking on the occasion of the 17th Founder's Day celebration of Lakshmipat Singhania Academy at Kala Mandir recently, Chowdhury also underlined the need to be a good human being. He added that parents and teachers must inculcate human qualities in the young boys and girls so that they can stand against the decay in society.\"There is need for expansion in life. Don't be selfish and self-centred, be concerned about others. Work for others so that you, in working for others, work for God,\" he said. While Chowdhury was the chief guest, Sharda Singhania, president, executive committee of LSA, presided over the function.In her keynote address, Meena Kak, principal, LSA, spoke about the annual events of the school and the achievements and laurels bagged by its teachers and students. The annual awards ceremony saw the students being felicitated not only for their academic and co-corricular achievements, but also for their exemplary conduct in school. The class X and XII CBSE board toppers (session 2011-2012) were felicitated followed by the special category of prizes which included the Principal's Award and the Prashasti Samman.Up next was the much awaited cultural programme \"Samay Sopan- Down the Ages\", a passionate and soul-stirring saga of incredible India. Around 210 students from classes II to XII presented this beautifully choreographed, colourful and dramatized event which was scripted in the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513703", "title": "Woman dies after kidneys removed during surgery", "text": "KOLKATA: The husband of a 27-year-old woman, who had died on November 30 few days after a surgery in a Sonarpur nursing home, has alleged that doctors in the hospital had removed both her kidneys during the surgery. Though the body was sent for post mortem, the family is yet to receive the report and the body. The husband approached the state human rights commission on Thursday seeking justice.According to the complaint by Aparna Sardar's husband Montu, the woman started complaining of abdomen pain in the first week of October. When the pain could not be controlled with medicines, the man, a Sandeshkhali resident, 27-year-old Sandeshkhali resident was took her to a nursing home Satyarani Nursing home at Sonarpur. Doctors told the family members that Aparna had to be operated immediately. Montu said in his complaint that his wife was operated upon on October 23 by two surgeons Dr Harasit Sarkar and Dr S N Kumar.\"My wife was blindfolded during the surgery,\" Montu wrote in his complaint with the West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC). He said that Aparna's weight was 52kg when she was admitted to the nursing home. But the family was taken aback when her body almost took the shape of a skeleton after the surgery. Montu alleged that Aparna's weight drastically fell below 14kg when she was discharged from the hospital few days after the operation. His wife eventually died at her home on November 30.Montu then filed a complaint with Sonarpur police station against the nursing home and alleged medical negligence and removal of Aparna's kidneys during the surgery.Police have sent the body for post mortem. According to Aparna's kin, the body, surprisingly, has not been released yet.The kin are also in the dark about the autopsy report. Members of CPDR, a rights organization, helped the aggrieved husband approach the state human rights commission on Thursday.Based on the complaint, WBHRC chairperson Justice Asok Kumar Ganguly ordered the director of health services Dr B R Satpatty and South 24-Parganas SP Pravin Tripathi to furnish a report within three weeks. \"I have issued notices to the officials to furnish a report,\" Justice Ganguly said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17514367", "title": "Cancer patient hangs himself", "text": "Hubli: Distraught over having cancer, a 49-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself from a bridge in the Sadarsofa area in Hubli on Thursday. The deceased has been identified as Mohamed Rafiq, an auto driver and a resident of Sadarsofa. He was desperate because of his illness and this forced him to take the extreme step, police said. In another incident, a 42-year-old woman committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her residence at Someshwara Nagar in Hubli on Thursday. The deceased is Sumitrabai Pujar of Someshwara Nagar. Sumitrabai was suffering from stomach ache and ended her life when her husband and children were away from home. Two separate cases have been registered at Kasabapeth police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17514371", "title": "Power crisis cripples state", "text": "RANCHI: Acute power crisis in the state crippled functioning of every vital establishment in the state on Thursday evening as various unions of Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) continued with their strike, declining the invitation for dialogue extended by the board chairman. However, power supply was partially restored in the capital after senior board officials and engineers were deputed to ensure that power sub-stations are not locked out or ransacked.On Wednesday, about JSEB unions functioning under the banner of Coordination Committee of JSEB Engineers-Officers-Emplo- yees Association went on a strike as soon as the board signed a franchisee agreement with Calcutta Electric Supply Company and Tata Power for power distribution management in Ranchi and Jamshedpur respectively.Barring the capital, the power scenario is very bad in the districts where the JSEB is yet to come up with any alternate arrangement. JSEB chairman SN Verma denied any major effect of the strike and claimed that power supply is being managed with the help of engineers and technicians from private organizations like Tata Power, JUSCO, Usha Martin and Power Grid Corporation of India Limited.Later in the day, the chairman invited the agitating members for dialogue asking them to call off the strike and hold talks. Taking strong exception to the language of the letter, convener of the coordination committee, Prashant Chaturvedi, said there was no point in dialogue after calling off the strike. \"It is the chairman against whom we are protesting. So, talks can now take place with the chief secretary who was also witness to the signing of the franchisee agreement,\" he said.While power crisis has hit hospital services, water supply and industries across the state, the agitating employees have cautioned against any mishap in places like Ranchi where substations are being operated without any attendant. One of the union members said since senior officials of JSEB are operating power grids and substations without any electrician, there would be no option for switching off power supply in case there is an accident.Promising no change in service terms of the existing employees because of appointment of the franchisee, Verma blamed two sections of people for fuelling the agitation. \"It is either the people who seek help of linesmen to adjust meters and cheat the board or the employees of the board who extend such favours as they aggrieved by appointment of the franchisee,\" he said.Refuting the claims, Chaturvedi said the board could have started with loss-making districts like Latehar, Daltongunj and Garhwa instead of Ranchi and Jamshedpur to experiment the franchisee scheme. Calling it a farce and effort to fool the people, he said the board had involved private parties like BIPS and Sterling for billing-related work in Ranchi and Jamshedpur. \"If the board was satisfied with their work, they should have been allowed to continue. It this is not the case, why the work order is not being cancelled,\" he argued.Meanwhile, Jharkhand High Court has directed the government to restore power supply immediately and asked JSEB chairman, chief secretary and the representatives of the striking union to clarify the status within 24 hours.Apart from private companies, some labour unions supplying contract linesman to the board have announced to continue work in case they are provided with adequate security. The state has already deployed security forces on power substations and grids to prevent agitating employees from disrupting power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guatemala city", "code": "17515248", "title": "McAfee held in Guatemala, may be sent back to Belize", "text": "GUATEMALA CITY: Guatemalan police arrested US software guru John McAfee on Wednesday for illegally entering the country and said it would seek to expel him to neighbouring Belize, which he fled after being sought for questioning over his neighbour's murder.McAfee, who had been in hiding for three weeks, crossed into Guatemala with his 20-year-old girlfriend to evade authorities in Belize who wanted to quiz him as \"a person of interest\" about the killing of fellow American Gregory Faull.\"He entered the country illegally and we are going to seek his expulsion for this crime,\" interior minister Mauricio Lopez Bonilla said. McAfee was detained by Guatemalan police and a member of Interpol at the upscale Intercontinental hotel in Guatemala City .McAfee's behaviour has been increasingly erratic in recent years but there is no international arrest warrant for him. Police in Belize say he is not a prime suspect.Government spokesman Francisco Cuevas said the entrepreneur would be expelled to Belize and he expected the process to be completed by on Thursday.McAfee denies murdering his neighbour and believes that authorities in Belize will kill him if he turns himself in for questioning. Belize's PM has denied this and called him paranoid and \"bonkers\".McAfee was updating his blog from a Guatemalan immigration detention center on Thursday after his arrest. He said he had been given a computer by the warden at the center in Guatemala City.\"I asked for a computer and one magically appeared. The coffee is also excellent,\" he wrote. He said US embassy officials had said they couldn't help him with a request to be returned to the US instead of Belize, but a Guatemalan judge had issued a stay that would temporarily prevent him from being returned to Belize.His lawyer in Guatemala, Telesforo Guerra, said, however, that he feared McAfee would soon be deported. \"It seems that there's been a government decision to throw him out of Guatemala,\" Guerra said. On Wednesday, McAfee said he had formally requested asylum in Guatemala. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513080", "title": "Child panel finds lapses in treatment of Betul kid", "text": "BHOPAL: The child rights panel during its inspection found that there were serious lapses in the medical treatment of the child. Also there were discrepancies in the statements of the parents and the other students of the class regarding the reason of the bashing.A three member team of the state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) headed by its chairperson Usha Chaturvedi visited Pathakhera in betul district on Thursday.Chaturvedi said, \"The commission would submit its recommendations based on the report of the superintendent of police (SP), the post mortem report and that of the departmental probe of the tribal welfare department.\"\"Also, since this a serious violation of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the commission would also make recommendations so that such tragic incidents are not repeated,\" she said. The commission team also found other violation of the RTE in the school including problems with the mid-day meal (MDM) that was not according to menu, the team informed.The victim's family has received Rs 5,000 as compensation from the district collector and the tribal welfare department each.Both the accused teachers, Biju Kumar and Vijay Ram Bhagat were produced before the magistrate on Thursday who sent them to judicial custody, while the block education officer (BEO) who had found the teachers not guilty of the bashing has been suspended.Aslam, a resident of Pathakhera, in Betul district was allegedly beaten up by the teachers after a bucket was broken in the school. The incident took place on November 16 when some boys broke a bucket in the school.The teachers - Biju Kumar, 40, and Vijay Ram Bhagat, 44 - beat up Aslam though he kept denying that he did it. He received critical injury in his backbone following the bashing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515476", "title": "Municipal commissioner blacklists contract agency", "text": "GURGAON: Municipal commissioner VS Dahiya on Thursday blacklisted Parivertan, a contract agency, after a man came forward during the House meeting alleging that his brother was threatened at gunpoint by a contractor engaged with the municipal corporation, that too in the presence of MCG officials. The commissioner withdrew the work from the junior engineer who was present at the spot.\"The incident took place day before yesterday when my brother told the contractor that the road he was constructing is uneven. There was a minor squabble after which the contractor whipped out his gun and threatened to shoot my brother. Before things could turn ugly, the neighbours intervened,\" said Bhagat Sharma, a resident of Khandsa village.Ward councillor Virender Yadav said he too was shocked to learn about this incident. \"I was not aware of the incident till the time I heard it in the House meeting. It is really shocking to know that despite MCG officials being present at the spot, the contractor had the audacity to threaten a resident with a gun. Not just the contractor, but the corporation officials too should be punished,\" he said.Apart from blacklisting the contract agency, the commissioner has also ordered an inquiry. \"I have asked the chief engineer to probe into the matter and submit a report since this is a serious issue,\" said VS Dahiya, commissioner, MCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514283", "title": "Digvijaya must make proof against BJP public, Kapil Sibal says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister Kapil Sibal said party colleague Digvijaya Singh should provide evidence of graft against BJP leaders that he claims to have, setting off debate if there could be fresh round of confrontation over corruption charges after a brief lull. Sibal said it was \"dangerous\" that a person refused to give evidence of corruption.\"You ask Digvijaya Singh about this. This is dangerous for democracy. If you have evidence against someone, then it is your responsibility to produce it in front of the public,\" said the telecom minister and eminent lawyer.In the wake of corruption charges against Gandhi family's son-in-law Robert Vadra, Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh had said his party did not believe in targeting family members of political rivals. Singh claimed he did not make accusations despite having evidence against son-in-law of Atal Bihari Vapayee and son of L K Advani.Civil society activist Arvind Kejriwal had seized upon Singh's comment as evidence of his charge that there was a \"conspiracy of silence\" on graft between BJP and Congress. Sibal's comment may provide fresh fodder to anti-graft activists. The Congress had not endorsed Singh's remark on the kin of BJP leaders but backed his attacks on Arvind Kejriwal.Digvijaya Singh is unlikely to push the case further despite Sibal's argument that he should bring forth any evidence he has on graft against Opposition leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17555951", "title": "PhD uproar: Dean clarifies stance", "text": "AURANGABAD: Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University dean Vilas Khandare clarified his stance on the decision to fail student Madhav Phad on his PhD topic. The Research Recommendation Committee (RRC) that denied the research topic was headed by the dean. The student alleged that the RRC had deliberately failed him.Khandare said, \"No injustice was done to the student. The issue had been pending since 2009, and I was appointed the head in July 2011.\" The research process of the varsity had come to a halt in 2009 and was restarted this year.Hence, the all the students who had applied for PhD earlier in 2009 had to re-apply for the same according to the new guidelines set by University Grants Commission (UGC) on July 11, 2009.A 60:40 distribution of marks was allotted for research work and academic performance respectively. The passing criterion for the PhD degree was set to 50 marks for open category and 45 marks for backward classes.\"Around 889 students had applied from 11 different subjects for PhD including Phad in 2009, out of which 394 students failed when the topics were presented before the RRC,\" said Khandare. Around 140 students received zero marks, including Phad. He had sought to do a research on political leader Gopinath Munde .The decision was approved by the vice-chancellor last week after the Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) activists protested during a workshop at the BAMU campus. The incident later led to manhandling of vice chancellor Vijay Pandharipande. Khandare said that the topics of the students were rejected due to limited scope or were concluded to be invalid. \"Hence some were given zero marks,\" he added.The research topic on Munde was already done in 2010, Khandare said.The condition required for a topic to be approved is to pass in the presentation as per the 2009 rules. The second option is to clear the 50 marks criterion as per the new UGC norms.\"The student has not qualified for any of the above criteria, also the VC did not consult the RRC while taking the decision,\" Khandare added.On December 1, Pandharipande had said that only the RRC had rights to take a decision on research students. \"I can only appoint committees and ask to investigate as per the administrative rules of the university,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17515013", "title": "IFFI faces heat for snubbing regional films", "text": "HYDERABAD: The South Indian film industry is miffed with the government and organisers for ignoring regional cinema during the 43rd International Film Festival of India (IFFI) held in Goa from November 20 to 30. \"It is sad that none of the big names from the industry in the South was even mentioned during the inauguration of the festival. The film industry does not mean Bollywood alone. More than 80% of the films in the country are made in regional languages and it is an insult that they have been ignored,\" Tammareddy Bharadwaja, president, AP Film Chamber of Commerce , told media here on Thursday.Though Telugu actor Balakrishna was invited to be the chief guest at the closing ceremony, but the South Indian film industry did not got its due respect, Bharadwaja added. He said the names of NTR, ANR, Sivaji Ganesan, MGR, Raj Kumar , Vishwanath, Dasari Narayana Rao among others were not even mentioned especially in the context of the centenary of Indian cinema.\"For that matter, even Satyajit Ray's name was also not mentioned, which only goes to show that the organisers treat regional cinema with scant respect,\" he said. The representatives of the South Indian film industry, including K Ravi, secretary of South Indian Film Chamber of Commerce, also orally lodged their protest with the information and broadcasting minister, ministry officials and organisers of the film festival. A formal letter will also be sent to them registering their protest at the way the entire festival was handled giving no importance to the South Indian film industry.Such was the attitude that a dubbed song that was shown at the closing ceremony was passed off as a Telugu cinema song. According to sources, the bigwigs of the Telugu film industry are also angry with the film festival organisers at the treatment meted out to Balakrishna. It is learnt that though Balakrishna did occupy the stage as the chief guest, in so far as the arrangements for him were concerned, they were not equal to what was provided to other Bollywood personalities who came to the festival. With the information and broadcasting ministry planning another event to commemorate the centenary of Indian cinema, the South Indian film industry is suspecting that once again Bollywood would steal the limelight. \"This should not happen. There is a vibrant world of cinema in the South. Those who organise such events should be aware of it,\" Bharadwaja said.The South Indian film industry is also wondering as to why the attention should all go to Bollywood at all and why the event should be organised only in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512768", "title": "No salaries yet for staff of Quepem's mamlatdar", "text": "PANAJI: Staff at the mamlatdar's office in Quepem are yet to receive their monthly salary, sources said.Sources at the mamlatdar office stated that till December 6 evening, directorate of accounts had not paid their salaries. They blamed the directorate of accounts for delaying in issuing their monthly salaries over the last six months.When contacted, Gokuldas Kanekar, joint director of accounts, south branch said, \"As soon as we receive the payment bill from any office, we immediately send the salaries. But due to some errors, the Quepem mamlatdar's bills were sent back for corrections on November 25. The department's accountant concerned has to submit the bills after correction immediately, but the Quepem office returned it only on December 5.\"The joint director told TOI that he will send the salaries by Friday. Sources said that the accountant who prepares the payment bill at the Quepem mamlatdar office has been given additional charge of other departments. Due to extra burden and stress , he might be committing mistakes while preparing the payment bills, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514600", "title": "E-cheats use big names to dupe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With more and more people gaining access to the cyber world, cyber criminals too, are capitalizing on the situation by coming up with the innovative ideas to dupe people of their money.Advanced gadgets like smart phones have provided a boost to the number of internet users in the country. Going a step ahead from simple hacking of email accounts and accessing bank account details, the cyber criminals have started to use the names of leading MNCs and nationalized companies when sending their fake url addresses to dupe the gullible residents of Chandigarh.Many in the city have often received such fake emails with names of companies like Hero, ESPN, BSNL and Nokia in their addresses to attract the fancy of internet users. The sender, who usually sends this mail from a computer with an IP address of a computer located in some African or east Asian country, introduces himself as an official of these firms and informs the receivers they have won an online lottery worth several lakh dollars.Once the receivers of the mail revert to these mails, the cyber criminal, sitting hundreds of miles away, asks for basic details, including bank account numbers. In some cases, the fraudsters even asked the victim to submit a processing fee of Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh, in order to avail the prize money. Alok Kumar, DIG, Chandigarh, told TOI, \"We appeal city residents to be careful with such mails as these are fake. We have received several complaints and the cyber crime cell is working to trace the criminals.\"Though many of these cases go unreported, the cyber cell of Chandigarh Police receives around a dozen complaints every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514129", "title": "Foreign forgers dupe family of Rs 22L", "text": "NEW DELHI: A family was duped by foreign forgers, some of them based out of Spain, who managed to convince them that they had inherited an estate in Spain. The family fell for the trap as their ancestor had migrated to Europe. They ended up paying Rs 22 lakh in \"processing charges\" to the 'claim agents'.Dattatray Hariba Gange, a native of Sholapur in Maharashtra, received a letter a few months ago from a person claiming to be Rio Elute from Spain. Elte informed Dattatray that his relative Lue Gange had expired. The letter stated that Lue had left his wealth and estate, which amounts to twelve million five hundred thousand US dollars, in Dattatray's name.Dattatray contacted his family members and initiated steps to complete the \"formalities\". A person, who identified himself as George Willliams, contacted them and advised them to deposit Rs 1.24 lakh towards documentation.Thereafter, the victim kept on depositing money after receiving forged letters, sometimes from the \"United Nations\" and sometimes from the \" Reserve Bank of India \". As the family fell short of cash, they even borrowed from the money lenders at interest rates as high as 20% and finally paid them Rs 22 lakh.The forgers further demanded Rs 10 lakh, in lieu of clearing the last step - a meeting with the ambassador of Spain. On November 26, Dattatray and his family reached Chanakyapuri to meet the ambassador and even after waiting for an entire day, the \"meeting\" with the ambassador ended up in a telephonic conversation with a person claiming to be him.Sensing trouble, the victims visited the UN office and RBI headquarters only to find that they had been dupe. Now the victims have approached the deputy commissioner of police, crime branch, for help.The crime branch has registered a case of cheating and criminal conspiracy. A police team by DCP crime branch SBS Tyagi, arrested one of the accused who identified himself as George Williams.However, the kingpin of the gang and others - some of whom operate from Spain - are yet to be arrested and the cops are on their trail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17514345", "title": "Major losses for state's MSEs", "text": "Ranchi: Industries in Ranchi and Jamshedpur have incurred unprecedented losses in one day due to the sudden power crisis in the state. About 2,000 medium and small-scale enterprises in Ranchi and 1,000 in Jamshedpur are praying for a fast solution to the crisis after they saw a loss of Rs 160 crore due to the indefinite strike by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board employees.In Ranchi, the reported loss by individual medium industry was at Rs 5-10 lakh while that for a small industry was at Rs 3-5 lakh. \"On an average, each unit has suffered Rs 3lakh loss each in Ranchi,\" said Mahesh Poddar, an industrialist and a former president of the Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJCCI). FJestimates pegged the loss here at Rs 60 crore.In Jamshedpur, MSEs suffered a loss of Rs 100 crore. Bharat Vasani, secretary of the Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SCCI) - the umbrella body of medium and smallunits in Jam shedpur - said on an average company has suffered a loss of Rs 10 lakh. Vikas Singh, who is into export business, said, \"Over 80% machines are off and I expect a loss of Rs 10 lakh.\" Thousands of stone-crusher units also suffered due to the power crisis. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512875", "title": "Plea can be dismissed even on grounds of delay: Bombay high court", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay high court has ruled that a petition can be dismissed if the petitioner delays filing the petition and fails to give reasonable excuse for the same. \"It is true that the petitioner who had participated in the tender process, and aggrieved by the respondents' action, ought to have approached the court well in time. He has not given any explanation or justification for approaching the court at such a belated stage - almost six months after the contract was awarded in favour of the respondent. The PIL, therefore, is liable to be dismissed even on the ground of delay and laches (legal doctrine that a person who waits too long to bring a claim alleging a wrong shall not be permitted to seek an equitable remedy),\" ruled the court.A division bench comprising justices Dilip Sinha and Vijaya Tahilramani dismissed the petition of Vishal Kulhe, a Nashik-based contractor on a number of grounds, including delay in filing petition.Kulhe moved the judiciary claiming that the tender notice for the appointment of octroi and escort fees collection agents, issued by Nashik Municipal Corporation in favour of Konark Infrastructure Limited, didn't confirm with the law and hence it should be set aside along with the award of the tender.The tender notification was published on March 30 and April 14 last year and the last day for submission was April 26. A government resolution (GR) dated April 19 held that the estimated price should be increased from 10-15%. But the corporation resolved that this GR won't be applicable in this case as it was issued after the tender notification, and that GRs are prospective and not retrospective.The petitioner challenged this, contending that according to Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations Act, this GR should have been applicable to the tender. But the court ruled this out, holding that according to the previous judgments the act is valid in the eyes of law as prospective in nature and thus there is no cause of action against the corporation.The court also refused to issue a writ of mandamus to the Maharashtra government to direct it to undertake departmental inquiry against the corporation. It held that the actions of the corporation are sustainable in law and observed that the petition lacks merit and thus found it fit to dismiss the PIL. VR Chavan was the counsel for the petitioner while senior counsel VR Manohar and Amit Gharte appeared for Konark Infrastructure.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17514464", "title": "31 private schools close in district", "text": "MANGALORE: If you thought that it was government schools that shut down because of poor infrastructure or student strength, think again. In five years, out of 48 schools that closed in Dakshina Kannada district, 31 are private schools.Generally private schools in rural areas close due to poor strength. But off the 31 private schools, nine schools are from Mangalore city and 11 schools are in Mangalore taluk. During the same period three government schools and 14 government aided schools closed owing to poor admissions.N Shivaprakash, deputy project coordinator of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), told TOI that people have a perception that private schools provide good quality education. \"Private schools open with the motto of business but not with the motto of serving society. Due to low number of admissions private schools close,\" he added.Over the years infrastructure and other facilities in government schools have improved and admissions in government schools have also gone up. However, a government school each in Pavoor and Malavuru of Mangalore taluk and the other in Naryabailu village of Puttur taluk have closed.Shivaprakash said schools in Pavoor and Naryabailu were closed due to lack of strength. \"Population in these regions is very less,\" he added. The school in Naryabailu was closed during the expansion of Mangalore International Airport and students of this school were shifted to government school in Karambar village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517448", "title": "I know where to draw the line: Suresh Raina", "text": "One of Indian cricket's most eligible bachelors, Suresh Raina is feeling the pressure - to get married, to perform, to deal with success and failure, all without compromising on who he is. A tete-a-tete with the cricketer on his Lucknow visit reveals how he manages to still smile through all of it...A lot of your friends and colleagues are getting married. No plans of marriage yet?Bohot pressure hai ghar se ab. My mother keeps asking, shaadi kab karni hai, girlfriend hai toh bata do, nahi toh mein ladki dhoondoo. My sister, my niece, everyone wants me to get married now, they want to see me settle down in life and be happy. I know it's not something I can run away from. It's one of the most important things in life, and a lot changes after marriage. I think another year and a half max, and I'll be hitched too.Seriously, there's no girlfriend?No, seriously, koi nahi hai. It's not like I've not been in a relationship, I have. I had a girlfriend when I was 17-18, and when she was 21, she wanted us to get married. I couldn't do that, because my game was my priority. We had to part ways, and there was no guilt because I had never committed to marriage.So, you're okay with an arranged marriage?I'm not sure, I'm hoping that in the next year or so I'll find someone I can fall in love with. I'd like to spend time with a girl, get to know her, to know if she'll look after my family.But there must be others who want to get close to you because you're a cricketer...Yes, there are always people who want to get closer to you because you're famous, and it's not like I don't do stuff too. But I know where to draw the line. We're in a game that requires a great deal of discipline. The body says one thing, but the mind knows what it must do. You have to tell yourself to get back to the game.As a sportsman, all the travelling must take a toll on one's family life?Thankfully, the BCCI now allows you to travel with your spouse during matches to places like England and West Indies. And my IPL team, the Chennai Super King, always ask me to bring my family along for the matches. So, when I get married, I will be able to take my wife along and keep her happy. It would be nice to come back after a match to a partner with whom you can share the days losses and wins.But the problem is that in India, there's too much focus on cricketers' personal lives. If you see, the soccer stars in Europe always travel with their girlfriends, and their media doesn't criticise them for it. If a sportsman doesn't perform well, they focus on his weaknesses and strengths. Yahan, they start talking about how they were spending time with their family, etc.You've been playing cricket since a very young age. How did success affect you?My father was in the army, and there wasn't too much money. Yet, we learnt to enjoy the small pleasures of life, to look at the positives. Agar mummy papa kuch nahi dila sakety thay, toh they would tell us ki baad mein lengey. I learnt a lot from my father, when it came to lessons in life. When you're successful, there will be friends, people, VIPs rallying around you. When you're down and out, you're all alone. That's why it's important to be a good person. Because whether you're a successful cricketer or not can always change, but the respect you earn by being the person you are, stays with you.But I'll be honest, I loved the feeling of making money when I started out. It feels good, especially since there wasn't so much of it when I was a kid.My first earnings, I gave to my dad to invest in an FD. I bought a house for my sister and brother in Ghaziabad. I do things that would secure me financially, but I love to spend money. Mujhe lagta hai ki agar paisa hai toh usey spend karo. If you're successful, it's important to enjoy it! I love shopping for clothes, branded clothes. I love shopping in England, Dubai. I like to travel, whenever I can. I have wardrobes full of new clothes, jinke tags bhi nahi hatey hain. My mother says, itne kapde khareedtey kyun ho jab pehentey nahi... But I like dressing up well.Even on field, you usually seem to be having a good time...Yes, I do. Players put in so much hard work into their game, so when they succeed, there must be equal celebration for it. If someone takes a wicket, or fields well, I like to celebrate it. You know, we spend more time with the team than we do with our families. So, it's important to have a good time with those people. And to smile, and make them smile.The pressure on Sachin to retire, what do you feel about it?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17513807", "title": "Gopalkrishna Gandhi's day out with tribal students in Anaikatti school", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a unique experience for former West Bengal governor and Kalakshetra Foundation chairman Gopalkrishna Gandhi when he visited Vidya Vanam, a school for about 270 first-time learners from tribal families of backward Anaikatti region, on Thursday.Tribal students from both Anaikatti and neighbouring Attapadi in Kerala won the appreciation of the chief guest by expressing their ideas, dreams and hopes in English and Hindi apart from local tribal dialectics of Tamil and Malayalam.The Project Day celebrations of the school proved how the school with a difference, visualized and nurtured in the last five years with world-class facilities by eminent educationist Prema Rangachary, had changed the destiny of poor tribal boys and girls of the region, who otherwise would have dropped out at the elementary level and became child labourers in the nearby plantations and brick kilns.Class 5 student Subhash won the appreciation of Gandhi and his wife Tara after he expressed his wish to become an avid bird-watcher and ornithologist like Salim Ali. A student of Salim Ali , Tara instantly offered her support to give wings to his dream.Another student Chandru told Gandhi that he wanted to become a football player like Argentina's Lionel Messi and Anaikatti's own Pushparaj Annan. Class 6 student Kalpana wanted to excel in Bharatanatyam and said the school was training her and several other girls in classical dance.When Gandhi asked the students to point out major advantages of the unique school located in tribal majority Thuvaipathy Road, they said they loved its egalitarian concept along with the lack of any competitive exams or grading system.\"We all are equals here and the teachers ensure that nobody gets sidelined in the rat race for performance. Teachers teach us after understanding our strengths and weaknesses,'' the students explained.When Gandhi asked those who visited state capital to raise their hands, all the students did so saying the school took them to Chennai once. Gandhi and Tara spent the whole day appreciating cultural programmes of the children and interacting with them. The former IAS officer and grandson of Mahatma Gandhi and Rajaji also found time to sing a Hindi folk song which began as Rail Gadi chak chak for the students.While a drama enacted by the students revolved around water wars in Latin America , a debate was held on the merits and demerits of the proposed controversial dam across Siruvani River in Attapadi.The school offers breakfast, lunch and evening snacks to the students. The school was started five years ago with the monetary support of friends and relatives of Prema, who is now in her sixties. Now, the school has till class 7. A few non-tribal children are also studying in the school. Now, the school is trying for a CBSE affiliation and to become the first tribal school with such an affiliation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17514758", "title": "Dwindling water level at KRS raises concerns", "text": "Mysore: The falling water level at the Krishnarajasagar dam is giving jitters to the officials manning urban areas. With four months to go before the summer sets in, the water level at the reservoir, the main source of drinking water for Mysore and Bangalore residents, has dipped below 100 ft in December. On Thursday, the water level in the reservoir was 97.77ft, as against 121.26ft during the same period last year. Water supply will be severely hit in Mysore if the level falls below 70 ft, an official attached to MCC said, adding: \"The fact that water level has slipped below 100 ft in December, the situation is going to be precarious.\" Another part of the problem is that water level at upstream Hemavathi dam is also low. As against 2,903.97 ft in 2011, it was 2,884.17 ft on Thursday. Some years back, when the level fell sharply at the KRS, water from Hemavathi was released to boost its level. Mysore, which is now getting water from Kabini dam following the commissioning of Kabini drinking water project in November, could not depend on it either. The Kabini dam has merely 1.2 tmcft water that can be used. Its live capacity is 16 tmcft.Inter-state tourists bear the brunt Tourists to and from Ooty were severely inconvenienced as they were not allowed to cross the Karnataka-TN border in the wake of Cauvery agitation in Karnataka. \"As a precautionary measure, we stopped vehicular traffic and security was beefed up at areas where Tamil population is concentrated in the district,\" Chamarajnagar SP Rajendra Prasad told TOI. Only public transport vehicles were allowed to ply till the border areas, where passengers were asked to alight and continue their journey through other modes of transport.Highway blockade eases Traffic on busy Mysore-Bangalore expressway was affected following road blockades across Mandya districts. However, there was no blanket ban on the movement of vehicles like in September when the road remained cut off for a week. Some KSRTC buses did operate via Mandya, while several buses were redirected towards Kanakapura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17512522", "title": "8 weighing scales confiscated", "text": "MARGAO: Acting on complaints received earlier this week, the legal metrology department (LMD) raided the wholesale fish market, near the KTC bus stand, Margao, on Thursday and inspected 60 weighing scales, out which eight weighing scales were confiscated after they were found to measure hundred grams less per kg.The raid was led LMD inspector Arun Panchwakdar and assistant controller Prasad Shirodkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17514487", "title": "Kidney transplants resume in Madurai GRH", "text": "MADURAI: Kidney transplantation, which was suspended in 2010 in Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH), Madurai, has resumed in the department of urology and the doctors conducted the first successful kidney transplantation.Talking to media persons on Thursday, Dr N Mohan, dean, Madurai Medical College and GRH said that kidney transplantations would be carried out frequently for the patients in need. Kidney transplantation for another seven patients would be conducted shortly. As many as 25 kidney transplantations have been conducted in the hospital until 2010, after which they were stopped in order to improvise the facility in the department.P Ramesh, 33, son of Pounraj, 56, of Uppukottai in Theni district came to GRH a few months back with renal failure. Both his kidneys did not function. He had been surviving by dialysis. Fortunately, the department was ready to resume kidney transplantation. Pounraj expressed his willingness to donate his left kidney to his son. A team consisting of hospital authorities including resident medical officer, revenue divisional officer and a lawyer got the written consent from Pounraj, said the dean. Dr S Jeyakumar, department of vascular surgery said that kidney transplantation is always a challenge for the doctors. Once the kidney is removed from the human body, it has to be transplanted to the recipient within 30 minutes else the kidney would not function thereafter.\"We have to act swiftly to fix the kidney adeptly and connect with the minute veins and arteries. It took nearly six hours to complete the entire procedure,\" said Dr Jeyakumar. The doctors said that the kidney transplantation in a corporate hospital would cost between Rs five lakh and Rs seven lakh, which was conducted free-of-cost in GRH under the chief minister's comprehensive health insurance scheme.P Rajesh, the younger brother of Ramesh said, \"My brother has been suffering from the problem for the last four years. We have spent Rs 7 lakh for dialysis in private hospitals. Ramesh is married and has a two-year-old son,\" said Rajesh.When asked about the efficiency of closed circuit television (CCTV) camera, the dean said that most of the cameras are functioning at present. Few more advanced cameras would be installed shortly to strengthen the security in the hospital, the dean also said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513741", "title": "Yechury blasts holes in UPA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s FDI claims", "text": "NEW DELHI: CPM leader Sitaram Yechury tore into the UPA government's claim that FDI in multi-brand retail would generate employment and improve the lot of farmers.Urging the government to rethink its decision, he said, \"We are not against foreign capital. But FDI in retail does not add anything to the productive capacity of the economy. We opposed FDI when NDA was in power and we still do.\"\"If this was to be of any benefit to the people and the economy, the Left parties would have supported it. But this is not. We had heard the same arguments at the time of the Indo-US nuclear deal... That it would help in providing power to millions of households. Instead, we have had one of the most severe power cuts in the past summer,\" Yechury said.He also contested the government's claim that prices would come down, wages would increase and wastage would decrease. \"The experience of the world does not go down with this explanation,\" he added. Yechury referred to various studies which showed that supermarket prices for foods and vegetables and other basic food were higher than those in traditional markets in Latin American countries like Mexico, Nicaragua, Argentina or African countries like Kenya and Madagascar.\"So, consumer will get cheap prices once FDI comes in is not supported by international experience,\" he said.The claim that farmers would get a better price because of retail giants like Walmart was also a myth, he said.He made it clear that the debate was not about communalism vs secularism. \"We are debating the issue of FDI in retail here,\" Yechury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512693", "title": "College tightlipped, police clear the air", "text": "BANGALORE: Hours after S Sharanya, a second PU student of St Joseph's Indian Composite Pre-University College, jumped off a parapet wall on Thursday, principal Gilbert Saldanha told reporters, \"Sharanya, one of our students, had come for her physics internal assessment examination around 8 in the morning. Some time after 9am, she walked out of the room and fell from the corridor. Our teachers who saw the girl falling rushed her to Mallya Hospital next door. We informed police.\"Sharanya is the daughter of Ulsoor resident and businessman Shankaranarayana and Shilpa.Saldanha did not reply when asked about other students' claim that Sharanya jumped off the building after she was caught copying.However by evening, Cubbon Park police cleared the air in an official communication. \"The invigilator had distributed the question papers and answer sheets among the students and was monitoring the students when she observed Sharanya placing some chits between her sheets. The teacher went over to her desk and snatched the chits from her. The invigilator went near the door of the classroom to look out for the vice-principal to inform her about the malpractice,\" the communication said.\"As the teacher was standing just outside the door, Sharanya came up to the door and apologized. The girl then proceeded to the corridor, climbed the parapet wall in front of the teacher, and jumped before she could react. Another invigilator, who was on the second floor of the opposite building, saw the girl on the parapet wall and shouted at her to stop. However, she did not pay heed and jumped,\" police added. A student in Sharanya's examination hall told reporters on the condition of anonymity that the girl was caught copying in the physics exam by the vice-principal, and sent out. \"She stood out in the corridor and wept for a while. Then we heard a loud thud. We rushed out to find that she had jumped from the corridor and was lying spread-eagled on the ground,\" said the student.Sharanya fell 50 feet down. A police officer said the parapet wall of the corridor is hardly three feet tall. Thick grass in the quadrangle saved her life. \"She landed on her right arm. Doctors informed us she suffered no head injuries,\" the officer added.Following the incident, classes were called off for the day. A few students said two tests had been scheduled for the day: physics and Kannada.A parent of a student who had come to attend a talk organized by the Parent-Teacher Association said: \"My daughter was sitting in another classroom. When I called her, she told me that she saw this student walking down the corridor during the exam, and then they heard screams. On going out, she realized that the girl had fallen.\"What happened?* S Sharanya, II PU student of St Joseph's Indian Composite Pre-University College, takes her physics internal assessment paper at 8 am on Thursday* At around 9 pm, she is reportedly caught copying using chits. Invigilator sends her out of class.* Sharanya apologizes, goes outside to corridor, jumps off third floor parapet wall* She plunges 50 ft on lawn below and lands on her arm. She is rushed to Mallya Hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17512488", "title": "Mother turns out to be killer of infant", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mystery behind the death of an 18-day-old infant in Mallapur, Nacharam, a few day ago was solved on Thursday and it turned out that the mother was responsible for the cold-blooded murder.The Nacharam police said Vijaya Lakshmi in her confession to police admitted killing her new-born daughter by throttling and later dumping the body in the water drum at her mother's house.\"Vijaya Lakshmi, who had a love marriage with Venkat Reddy, got depressed that her family could not fulfill her husband's demand of Rs 1 lakh and 15 tolas of gold following the birth of the infant,\" Nacharam sub-inspector (SI) A Sudharshan said. Venkat Reddy, who is a painter, pestered Vijaya Lakshmi to ask her parents to keep their promise, police said.\"As Vijaya Lakshmi's parents expressed their inability to fulfill Venkat Reddy's demands, he reportedly threatened to divorce her. She claimed she took the extreme step since she got disappointed as she failed to meet the demands of her husband,\" police said.On December 3, Vijaya Lakshmi feigned ignorance about how the infant went missing, until the body was located in the drum.\"On the day of the murder, there were only three persons -- Vijay Lakshmi, her mother Satyamma and her sister-in-law Rama at the house. During the investigation, we zeroed in on Vijaya Lakshmi, who later confessed to having committed the murder,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512814", "title": "IAS officer to probe mkt irregularities?", "text": "PANAJI: The Corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) has decided to request the state government to set up a committee headed by an IAS officer to decide on the action to be taken on the Panaji market irregularities.The Panaji market has been mired in irregularities with a majority of the shops illegally occupied. Some of the original lessees have transferred their shops in the names of third parties. Transfer fees have also been paid to the CCP, in contravention of rules which do not permit transferring of shops except in the case of hereditary blood relations.CCP Mayor Vaidehi Naik said that she had spoken to chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the issue, and that he had offered that an IAS officer could be appointed to look into the matter and resolve it. The committee is also likely to include the CCP commissioner and deputy commissioner. Naik said she was keen to get the market issue settled at the earliest since the CCP has accumulated massive arrears of over 1 crore on water and electricity bills from the market complex while receiving no revenue from the same. She said that the ownership of 146 shops had been transferred and over 44 lakh had been collected as transfer fees.While some opposition councillors had earlier suggested that CCP councillors should also be included in the committee, councillor Surendra Furtado rejected this suggestion stating that it would result in the \"councillors exerting pressure on the committee.\" He said the committee should conclude its work in a time-bound manner and operate from the CCP premises so that no file can be taken out from the CCP building.CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues said that the committee will be asked to complete its task by March 31, 2013. He earlier disclosed that the recent market survey conducted by the CCP had revealed that over 300 market tenants are involved in irregular occupation.Meanwhile, Rodrigues also proposed an increase in fees for film shoots in Panaji to 50,000 per day and an increase in charges for exhibitions in Panaji to 50 per sq mt, from the present 20.Former mayor Yatin Parekh, while complimenting the CCP for the beautification works undertaken for Iffi-2012, also raised the issue of the beggar menace in the capital city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513775", "title": "3 test positive for H1N1; schools being checked", "text": "PUNE: Three people, including a student from a school in Pune Camp, tested positive for swine flu in the city on Thursday. As many as 53 students from different schools have tested positive for the contagion so far since April this year.Health officials are checking up the schools where these children study. In 2009, scores of students suffered the infection triggering closure of many institutions. The health officials does not want to take chances now.\"We are keeping track of every student found infected with swine flu. The schools where they study are asked to initiate all precautionary measures to prevent the spread. The three-year-old child who was found positive on Thursday is also a student of a school in Camp. He is being treated at the Naidu Hospital,\" said S T Pardeshi, PMC medical officer of health.As per the PMC health department's record, five H1N1 infected students were reported in April. After that there was a brief lull till July. The infection among students again resurfaced when schools opened in July. There were 11 infected students in August, 19 in September and 14 in October. Last month, three students were found to be infected.Total 500 people have tested positive and 34 have lost their lives due to H1N1 since April this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17511334", "title": "Lessons in childhood", "text": "Guide your child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.Proverbs 22.6 *The child should not be insulted, humiliated, condemned. If you want to help him, love him more. Appreciate what is good in him rather than emphasising what is bad. Talk about his goodness.Osho *What parents inculcate in the child is permanently there because childhood is the most impressionable time of life.Radhanath Swami *Home and family is the basic social institution everywhere in the world. When the home improves, the whole world will be better.Sri Sathya Sai Baba *The important thing is not so much that every child should be taught, as that every child should be given the wish to learn.John Lubbock", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17514387", "title": "A stitch in time with Swarnjayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojna", "text": "Gumla: Tribal youths in Gumla are weaving a success story with help from Orient Craft Fashion Institute of Technology (Ocfit).Ocfit, a training centre for school droupouts and unemployed rural youth, is run by apparel manufacturing company Orient Craft Ltd . Many, like Lilawati Kumari and Annu Kujur, who come from the Naxalite-affected pockets in the district, now have economic independence thanks to the training programme under the Swarnjayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojna (SGSY).Lilawati, who hails from the tribal village of Lawagain under Sisai block, dropped out from school after matriculation. She then joined the stitching training centre that has modern equipment. Now she earns up to Rs 8,000 per month as operator of high-speed sewing machines at Orient Craft's Noida unit. Lilawati became a role model after she was selected the best operator in 2012.\"I'm very happy with the job at the modern apparel industry but at the same time I feel I should go to a higher level in the firm,\" said Lilawati, who looks after her family and is also saving for her future.Anna, who is from Chainpur block, too has been benefited by the training and she too is a working woman now.Ocfit inked an MoU with the Union ministry of rural development for skill development and placement of rural BPL youth. The district administration provided a building for the centre, which was set up in 2010.About 1,490 youth till date have been trained here, said in-charge at the centre Vikram Singh Yadav. Of them, 1,322 got placed at the company's units in Noida and Gurgaon, Haryana, Rajasthan and Bangalore with initial salary varying between Rs 4,000 and Rs 5,500, excluding over-time and perks.At present, 73 trainees from Maoist-hit Kurrumgarh in Bishunpur blocks, Akashi in Dumri block and other remote areas are enrolled with the centre. It is the 20th batch at the centre that has capacity to train 100 persons a batch.There are three such centres in Bihar , three in Haryana, four in Rajasthan, one in Odisha and two in Jharkhand. The centre in Gumla has the best performance record, said in-charge Yadav.Youth from other districts like Hazaribagh, Simdega and Lohardaga too are being imparted training while over 90 per cent of the total trainees belong to the tribal community including primitive tribes of the district, said trainers Binod Kumar and Suresh Chand.Jharkhand youth have also earned accolades from OCL management for their fast learning capacity, discipline and grit, said district planning officer J J B Tirkey after visiting units in Noida, Gurgaon, Chaupangi in Rajasthan and Manser in Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514253", "title": "Rwandan woman gang-raped near DU", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five men allegedly assaulted, robbed and gang-raped a 24-year-old woman from Rwanda while she was returning to her residence in the Timarpur area of north Delhi, police said. Shockingly, the police tried to keep the assault under wraps and initially did not file an FIR.After getting flak from the police brass, cops swung into action and have arrested four accused, three days after the sexual assault on December 3. A hunt has started for the fifth accused. The additional SHO of Timarpur police station has been sent to the district lines as punishment and an inquiry ordered into the police inaction.Details of the incident were sketchy because cops were tightlipped about it. It is likely the victim had been studying in Delhi University , which has a large number of foreign students, since she lived close to the North campus.Rape accused also took away the woman's belongings.Police said they have been identified as Deepak, Ashok, Vikas and Praveen, all aged 24 to 26 years, police said.A case of rape was registered after a medical examination of the woman confirmed she was raped. The incident took place on December 3. The accused reportedly spotted the woman while she was returning home.They abducted her and later dumped her outside her rented accommodation in Timarpur after the assault. They also snatched away her belongings including her mobile phone. The girl managed to reach the local police station and informed her family members as well after seeking help from a local.The victim is being provided medical help and counselling by an NGO, said police sources. Further investigations are on and the fifth accused will be nabbed soon, said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515456", "title": "Another inconclusive House meet", "text": "GURGAON: As expected, the House meeting of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) on Thursday remained inconclusive without any resolution or proposal that directly benefits the residents being taken up. The only difference was there were no unruly scenes like the ones witnessed in the last meeting and nobody staged a walkout.As usual, even as the mayor and the municipal commissioner watched, the next of kin of the councillors spoke at length from the podium. While Ward 33 councillor Sunita Yadav's husband spoke on her behalf, %the brother-in-law of Ward %8 councillor Shashi Kala put forth her views. It was not% before somebody raised an objection that the mayor %and commissioner \"advised\" them not to do so in future.Almost the entire day's proceedings were revolving around the deteriorating condition of the sanitation level in the city. Councillors complained that sanitation contractors, particularly Balaji Security Service, have not been carrying out proper sanitation work. They complained that despite not having the required number of sanitation workers and machinery, this contractor was awarded the work for three out of the four zones.\"I repeatedly asked MCG officials not to allow him to take up the sanitation work in my ward, but the agency owner somehow managed to get the job. There is a rule that until the ward councillor is satisfied with the performance, the contractor will not be paid the salary. Many a time, I have refused to give my consent, but at times, I am forced to do so as the helpless sanitation workers of this agency come and beg me, saying their owner is not paying them their salaries saying he has no money to pay. I have no other option but to feel sorry for the poor people, since I don't want them to suffer because of the misdeeds of the agency owner. It's high time his contract was cancelled,\" said Anoop Singh, councillor of Ward 17.The commissioner promised to look into the matter. \"Hereafter, we will ensure that a contractor cannot take the sanitation contract for more than one zone. Even if he has the competence to handle more than one zone, he will not be given a second zone.In fact, most of the councillors seem to be in favour of handing the contracts ward wise and a final decision in this regard will be taken soon,\" said Vijay Singh Dahiya, commissioner, MCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17513814", "title": "Chamber wants fair deal for Kovai airport", "text": "COIMBATORE: As the much-hyped airport expansion continues to be stalled by land acquisition woes, no new flights have been introduced, although several months have passed since the Coimbatore airport got the international tag. Industrial and commercial bodies approached Union Civil Aviation Minister Ajit Singh on Thursday, seeking better air connectivity for residents. They apprised Singh of the current situation and reiterated the importance of improving air connectivity in the city.On his part, the minister said the demand was genuine and his ministry would do its best to ensure a proper place for Coimbatore in the world aviation map. Talking to TOI from New Delhi, chamber president R.R. Balasundharam said the minister agreed with them that the city's air connectivity needs to be improved. He has encouraged the Chamber to take up the issue with different airline companies and the Civil Aviation Ministry would support all such moves. The minister also said efforts would be made to improve the infrastructure at the airport.Balasundharam, who was accompanied by chamber Vice-President D. Nandakumar, had informed the Minister that the city suffered infrastructure bottlenecks and inadequate connectivity. He also said that the number of cargo flights from the city should be increased so that resident exporters did not have to go to Kochi, Chennai or Trichy.In his memorandum to the Minister, he also sought the inclusion of Coimbatore under bilateral agreements for unrestricted operations. Barring Coimbatore, all other airports in the South including Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Kozhikode, Tiruchi and Vizag have been listed in bilateral agreements to get improved international connections,'' he pointed out.He wanted direct flights to the Middle East with onward connections to Europe and North America and introduction of daily flights to Dubai. The current tri-weekly service of Silk Air to Singapore should be made a daily service and the Air Arabia flight to Sharjah should be enhanced from five-times-a-week to a daily service. Besides, Kuala Lumpur, Colombo and Kuwait should be linked to the city,'' the memorandum said.Balasundharam also made a strong pitch for permitting Air Asia , Fly Dubai and Bahrain Air, which had earlier showed interest in landing in Coimbatore, to operate their services and global airlines such as Emirates, Etihad, Malaysian Airlines and Lufthansa should be wooed.The memorandum also stressed the need for speeding up the airport expansion works, which have been stalled following land acquisition hurdles last year. Chamber office bearers also met senior aviation officials in Delhi and said there would be follow up measures in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17513557", "title": "Govt moves to get central nod for Hill Highway project", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Hill Highway project, an ambitious initiative of former UDF government, is set to get a new lease of life with the government initiating steps to obtain a final nod of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) for the project.The state government has already approved the alignment of the 1,160-km highway from Nandarappadavu in Kasaragod to Parassala in Thiruvananthapuram. The first-phase alignment from Nandarappadavu to Palakkad town was approved in 2005 and the second-phase alignment from Palakkad to Kadukkara in Thiruvananthapuram in 2009.However, the subsequent LDF and UDF governments had not taken any further steps, mainly owing to the opposition from various corners to the highway construction through ecologically-sensitive areas of Western Ghats. The government has now decided to pressure the Centre for the project. Transport minister Aryadan Mohammad and chief minister Oommen Chandy had met Union minister Jayanti Natarajan in this regard.Aryadan Mohammed told TOI that the Union minister had agreed to actively consider clearing the project. \"They are conducting a detailed study on the environmental impact. We will do our best to get clearance for the project, which has been delayed by over eight years,\" he said.The government is likely to identify areas where the highway could damage the ecosystem and find alternative routes. It is learnt that Chandy has put forth such a suggestion to the office of public works minister V K Ebrahim Kunju. It plans to avoid acquisition of core forest areas for the project in view of the recent apex court verdicts against night traffic through Bandipur wildlife sanctuary.The project proposal envisages development of various existing small roads through hill areas in the state as a highway from Kasargod to Thiruvananthapuram but a connection road between Meppadi in Wayanad and Nilambur here is a major missing link. An eight-km road needs to be laid between Munderi and Chooralmala through dense forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513306", "title": "Congressman Jayesh Patel joins BJP", "text": "VADODARA: Prominent Congress leader from Panchmahal Jayesh Patel, who had quit the party with Narhari Amin, has joined the BJP. Jayesh is the son of former Union deputy commerce minister Shantilal Patel.The Patel family was closely linked with the Congress till recently. Shantilal was a three-time MP from the Godhra constituency in Panchmahal.The first shift in the loyalties of a member of the Patel family came with Jayesh's younger brother Mehul Patel joining the BJP in 2009 during the run up to the Lok Sabha polls. Jayesh had stuck with the Congress and was also eyeing a ticket for the ensuing assembly polls.\"Norms like not giving tickets to those who had lost two assembly polls or had lost by a margin of more than 15,000 polls were violated. The party had also decided not to give tickets to outsiders in a constituency, but even this was not followed,\" he said.Jayesh pointed out that in Panchmahal itself, Rajendra Patel, who had lost two polls, was given a ticket from Halol even as it fielded Takhatsinh Solanki from Shahera, who had lost by a margin of more than 15,000 votes. \"It seems senior party leaders were only interested in getting tickets for their men so that they stood a chance of becoming the chief minister if the party got a majority,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17515000", "title": "Now, cops to help catch elusive leopard", "text": "LUDHIANA: After having failed to capture the stray leopard recently spotted in Qadiyan village, about three kms from Jalandhar Bypass, forest authorities have sought police help to catch the big cat.Sources said a senior forest official has written to the deputy commissioner requesting police personnel to search the forest. Forest officials said they could not search the Qadiyan forest and adjoining areas in their entirety.The leopard has eluded forest authorities despite experts teaming up with them and a host of traps designed to tempt the feline. The animal seems to have seen through cages with meat inside.Confirming that the forest department wrote to the DC for police back-up, divisional forest officer Daljeet Singh Brar said, \"We have written to the deputy commissioner requesting police personnel to catch the leopard. We expect to get at least 30 to 40 police personnel for extensive search of the Qadiyan forest. We also have our own staff of 30 to 40 persons including range officers, deputy range officers and forest guards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17513400", "title": "Man held for drafting extortion notes", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police on Thursday nabbed a person, identified as Arjun Bhattarai, (26), from a cyber cafe under Latasil police station in connection to an extortion case. Police said Arjun, who hails from Ganeshpur of Tamulpur in Nalbari district, was involved in drafting extortion notes for the anti-talks splinter group of NDFB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512917", "title": "Wrong envelope led to 'out of syllabus' question paper for BE", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University was blaming the paper-setters and moderators for Tuesday's engineering fiasco, the facts remain otherwise. Sources revealed that an \"out of syllabus\" question paper was printed due to wrong envelope that reached the printer. Over 10,000 students from engineering third semester appearing in their Applied Mathematics paper-III on Tuesday were left shell-shocked after realizing that as many as three questions comprising 39/80 marks were not from their regular curriculum.NU exam section authorities first tallied the manuscripts in their possession with that of printed paper and found them to be perfect. Subsequently, they pinned the blame on paper-setters and moderation committee members for the blunder. TOI had been closely tracking the issue since first day reporting in detail as to how the fiasco took place.Sources disclosed that paper setters and moderation panel members had prepared 27 sets of hand-written manuscripts of question papers scheduled on Tuesday. As there were nine branches, three manuscripts of each paper, different for each branch, were prepared. All these 27 manuscripts were sealed in different envelopes by the moderators themselves before handing over to the controller of examinations (CoE). The name of particular branch was clearly written on the envelope in blue ink. However, it was not clear as to whether moderators had inserted wrong question paper of Mechanical branch in the envelope of three branches - Electronics, Electrical and Electronics and Telecommunications (E&T;). The paper which was printed and distributed at all centres was of Mechanical branch, which resulted in a goof-up.Sources added that someone had also tampered with the subject name written on envelope in blue ink by replacing it with green ink. This envelope was meant for Mechanical branch but probably, the printer had overwritten it with Electronics branch with the green ink that led to confusion.Sources stated that NU was in big confusion on whom to pin the blame for the mess. They added that even the printer, after finding these discrepancies on the envelope, had failed to inform the CoE, which would have avoided this fiasco.Sources added that now it was million dollar question as to who was responsible for the blunder - whether it was paper-setters/ moderators or the NU exam section employees or the printer - and whether it was deliberately done. Moreover, it was highly doubtful whether NU will dare to take any action against the guilty persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17513072", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India denied plot for research centre in Greater Noida", "text": "NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority has cancelled allotment of 25 acres of land allocated to Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) in Knowledge Park-II. The allotment was cancelled after ASI, which had been allotted the plot in 1994, failed to undertake construction work on it despite several notices from the Authority.Officials said the plot will most likely be put up for fresh allotment at the prevalent rate of institutional land in Greater Noida. The land, marked as Plot No. 1, is located in a prime spot just beyond the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.Officials said the plot had been allotted to ASI at a rate of around Rs 550 per sqm in 1994 following which the agency had also entered into a lease agreement with the Authority. The plot was allotted for the construction of a research centre. However, despite clauses in the lease deed mandating for construction work to be completed within a period of six years from the date of allotment, ASI did not go ahead with the project. After taking possession of land, ASI had constructed boundary walls around it and allowed the land to remain unutilized.\"Though the Authority sent several notices, there was hardly any response,\" said ACEO Harish Verma. \"After adopting a lenient approach for several years, the allotment was finally cancelled this week. Final decisions regarding fresh allotment of the plot will be taken soon,\" said Verma.As per officials, ASI had deposited Rs 3.74 crore for the plot with the Authority, which is being returned to it after deducting 20%. Officials of the department handling allotment of institutional plots in Greater Noida Authority said that ASI also did not pay penalties due on it for defaulting on completing construction within the stipulated period. \"Regular maintenance work of the plot was not being undertaken. Neither were staff members of the Authority allowed inside to clean the premises,\" said an official.Sources said the Authority has begun cracking down on defaulters who have failed to utilize land allotted to them despite several years after allotments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17514687", "title": "Karthika Masam picnics getting messier", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Come Karthika Masam and people gear up to organize outdoor community lunches (Vana Bhojanam) and day-long picnics. An auspicious month dedicated to Lord Shiva, people from all walks of life keep themselves busy performing pujas at various temples every Monday and Friday as well as on the full moon day (Pournami), while Sundays are usually reserved for revelry and picnics.However, old-timers feel the relevance of Karthika Masam is lost on the younger generation and the pious month has been reduced to revelry alone. \"This is a month of fasting and feasting. While Sundays are reserved for having traditional delicacies, Mondays are especially meant for prayers and fasting. Also Amla tree plays a very important role during this month. As per tradition, Vana Bhojanams are organized under this tree as it is considered to be auspicious. However there is a change in trend and these days it is more about feasting and even drinking. For a lot of people, Sunday picnics are an excuse to get drunk and gamble,\" said Eswara Sarma, chief priest of the Sivalayam in Old Town.Elders also remark that the whole idea of fun has undergone a drastic change. Eighty-year-old D N Sinha, proprietor of Lumen Electricals noted, \"We used to have a lot more fun in the past. Cultural activities such as skits, outdoor sports, songs and dance apart from quizzing were an essential part of Vana Bhojanam picnics. These days it is more about boozing and indulging in loud fun.\"Another old-timer V S Sarma, a resident of Maharanipeta, said, \"The picnics are a messy affair these days. People are not careful enough and sometimes, in an inebriated state, do things that cost them their lives and also endanger others. Data reveals that a lot of youngsters lose their lives either due to drowning or driving around in an inebriated condition during this picnic season.\" The city police too attest to this trend and point out that drowning and road accidents peak during the month (Karthika masam). While many people who go for bathing accidentally step into deep waters and slip, many revellers drink heavily and drive leading to a sharp rise in road accidents. In fact, cops point out that the number of accidental death cases during this month is twice when compared to the rest of the year.CI K Venkata Rao of P M Palem Station on the outskirts of Visakhapatnam observed, \"Usually the number of drowning cases reported during Karthika Masam is as high as 4 to 5 unlike the 2 to 3 cases reported during the other months. However, of late there has been a decrease due to patrolling in some of the sensitive areas.\" Another cause of concern is the litter left behind by the picnickers. Parks and gardens dotting Vizag wear a dirty and filthy look every Monday mainly due to the excesses of revelry the day before. After all Vizag is an ideal place for picnickers and revellers considering the fact that it is endowed with gardens, parks and wild life reserves.The most popular haunts have always been Mudasarlova, Kambalakonda, and the Zoo Park. There are also smaller parks like Shivaji Park and Kailasagiri Tenneti Park that are popular as well.S Ravikanth Reddy of Meecons, an NGO that takes up clean-up drives in Visakhapatnam, said that picnickers should show more civic sense and be conscious of the fact that they should not mess up the spot all for a few hours of fun time.\"We have been taking up many clean-up drives and are also educating people on the importance of keeping their surroundings clean by not indulging in littering,\" he said.People are not careful enough and sometimes, in an inebriated state, do things that cost them their lives and alsoendanger others. Data reveals that a lot of youngsters lose their lives either due to drowning or driving in an inebriated condition this seasonK Venkata Rao | CI of P M Palem StationV S Sarma| Maharanipeta Resident", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17515186", "title": "'Milk O Mania' held at IIM Raipur", "text": "RAIPUR: Indian Institute of Management-Raipur (IIM-R) conducted a marketing simulation event 'Milk'O Mania' on December 5 at its campus. The event focused on the milk industries across the state with an idea to have an in-depth analysis of the dairy sector from a marketing perspective.The event was conducted by the students of Post Graduate Programme 1st year and was attended by Prof B S Sahay, director IIM-R, Prof Vinita Sahay, chairperson) student affairs, Prof Sanjeev Prashar, chairperson, placements, Prof O P Vaidya and Prof Shubhra Hajela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17515252", "title": "FDI a threat to Gujarat's co-op sector: GSAMB", "text": "SURAT: The approval of FDI in multi-brand retail in Lok Sabha on Wednesday has not gone down well with farmers in Gujarat. Chairman of Gujarat State Agriculture Marketing Board ( GSAMB), Raman Jani, said FDI will make farmers of Gujarat and other states vulnerable to the onslaught of multi-national corporations. It is a threat to the very existence of the cooperative sector, he added.\"FDI in retail is not going to benefit the farmer community. Farmers get the least return from the modern trade and that it is only going to benefit large retailers as they constantly drive down the prices,\" said Jani. According to Jani, there is a major difference between farmers in India and abroad. While there is no land ceiling in foreign countries, it exists in India. The farmers in western countries boast of huge farm lands, while those in India, especially in Gujarat have less land to till and they are very small compared to their counterparts in the western countries.Moreover, the farmers in India lack the facilities like storage houses and have to sell their produce immediately in the market to make profit. \"Initially, the MNCs in retail space in India under FDI would attract the farmers paying them lucrative prices for their produces. Once they have forayed into the farm lands, they would start controlling the prices. This would ultimately break the network of cooperative societies and agriculture market committees in Gujarat and other states,\" said Jani.He said a study shows that for every dollar paid by the US consumers for food products, the share of farmers has come down from 41 cents in the 1950s to 18.5 cents in 2006. The Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO) has estimated a 36% loss of fruits and vegetables in USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand where big retail is most developed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17514946", "title": "Girl hangs self fearing poor exam show", "text": "JAIPUR: In a suspected suicide case, a class VII student was found dead in her room in Eidgah's Van Vihar Colony on Wednesday. Police said the family members rushed her to a hospital where she died while undergoing treatment.The family members have handed over a suicide note to the police in which the girl had written that she secured first division every year, however, she would not be able to maintain the same performance this year. The girl had stated that she was taking the extreme step over her poor preparations for the final exam.Police said that viscera samples have been sent for forensic examination given the girl was frothing at the mouth.According to the police, the girl, identified as Sayara, was the daughter of Abdul Aziz, a labourer. \"Her father was out for work and mother along with her three children were at home when the incident took place,\" said ASI Man Singh who is probing the case.\"Aziz's wife told us that she found her daughter locked inside the room around 3 pm. She repeatedly knocked on the door. But the girl did not open it. She got suspicious and raised an alarm. The neighbours came in to help and managed to push open the door as it was not bolted properly from inside,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17513993", "title": "Push for tougher eve-teasing laws", "text": "MUMBAI: With an increase in the number of molestation and eve-teasing cases across several cities of the state, the Maharashtra government could find itself on the backfoot in the upcoming winter session of the Assembly on this issue. While the opposition is likely to raise the issue of women's safety in the house, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has written a letter to home minister RR Patil urging him to make changes in the existing laws. The letter is written by the party's women's wing headed by MP Supriya Sule , demanding eve-teasing be made a cognisable, non-bailable offence. \"This letter has already reached the home minister and we are likely to raise the matter in the upcoming Assembly session. The government must take note of the rapid rise in such cases, especially in cosmopolitan cities like Mumbai,\" said party spokesperson Nawab Mailk.The eve-teasing offences are registered under Indian Penal Code section 354 and 509. Both are bailable. Patil has been maintaining Maharashtra government has already passed an amendment that makes eve-teasing offences non-bailable. This would, however, require an approval from the Centre. The demand has been raised after NCP's women wing a held a drive across the state. \"There was a general feeling that the number of molestation and eve-teasing cases could have been even higher but most of the victims were not coming forward to register complaints. Some were even worried about complicated police procedures involved and the harassment caused thereafter. This was the general opinion in our drive,\" said a party functionary.As the Congress-NCP government braces for an attack over increasing incidents of eve-teasing and molestation of women in the upcoming winter session of the Assembly, the NCP, which holds sway over the home ministry, has written to home minister R R Patil, urging changes to the existing laws dealing with such crimes.The letter, written by women's wing chief Supriya Sule, has demanded that eve-teasing be made a cognizable, non-bailable offence. \"It has reached the home minister and we are likely to raise the issue in the Assembly,\" said party spokesperson Nawab Malik. Eve-teasing offences are registered under the bailable sections 354 and 509 of the IPC. Patil has been maintaining that Maharashtra has passed an amendment that makes eve-teasing offences non-bailable. It is waiting for the Centre's approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17514365", "title": "Jharkhand Inc backs private players", "text": "RANCHI: The Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJon Thursday criticized the strike by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) employees' co-ordination committee against the government's decision to invite power distribution franchises in Jharkhand.\"We have told the JSEB boss that industrialists would resort to strike if the board caves in to the demands of the agitating employees. FJCCI wants that private players should be invited in the field of power,\" said FJCCI president Ranjit Tibrewal.All industrial bodies in the state have supported FJCCI which, on Thursday, called upon JSEB chairman and hailed his decision to invite power distribution franchises. However, FJCCI members threatened that if JSEB concedes to the agitators' demands, there will be retaliation from business houses in the state.The FJCCI president said the government's decision to invite power distribution franchises will help industries flourish. \"The decision of the government is a welcome step and the entire business community supports it,\" said Tibrewal.There are around 2,000 medium and small-scale industries in the state capital which are dependent on JSEB for power supply. The business body had earlier expressed its dissatisfaction over power supply irregularities in the state and the board's functioning.\"It is extremely difficult to obtain a connection from JSEB. Engineers and authorities concerned make us run from pillar to post for a single connection. Beside the harassment that we have to face, officers even seek huge kickbacks for giving a new connection,\" said an FJCCI official seeking anonymity.Tibrewal also acknowledged the problem. \"It is not a new thing that kickbacks are needed at various tables,\" he said.Mahesh Poddar, former president of FJCCI, said if the government distributes electricity through private players, power situation in the state will improve. \"Industries, which have to deal with erratic power supply perennially, will get regular power supply,\" said Poddar.Bharat Vasani, secretary of Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industries, agreed. FJCCI members had a detailed talk with JSEB chairman SN Verma about the situation on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517215", "title": "Shanthnu gears for 'Vaaimai'", "text": "Shanthnu Bhagyaraj, who has received rave reviews about his just released 'Ammavin Kaipesi', is gearing up for the shoots of his forthcoming movie 'Vaaimai' directed by Senthil, an associate of Vasantha Balan.The shooting for his ' Vaaimai ' is set to begin this month and the actor seems to have hit the gym and kept his body in shape after having to gain a few pounds for his role in ' Ammavin Kaipesi '. Shanthnu tweeted \"Fit and back on track :-):-):-) all set for Vaaymai , kickstarting this month\"Shanthanu is awaiting lady luck to smile on him, despite being part of some talked about projects like Sakkarakatti , Aayiram Vilakku and Sidhu Plus Two . Looks like Thangar Bachan's ' Ammavin Kaipesi ' has got him some positive reviews and he would be hoping he could pick up from there and build his career.The son of ace director Bhagyaraj also has ' Amali Thumali ' with Nakulan of Masilamani fame on the cards directed by K.S Adhiyaman and Swathi of Subramaniapuram fame plays a pivotal role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17513882", "title": "Juvenile crime in the Mumbai went up by 13% in 2 years", "text": "MUMBAI: In a city obsessed with how high its towers, and the sensex, have climbed, a sinister monolith is spearing up from its dark underbelly: the number of juveniles arrested for violent crimes in 2011 jumped a scary 16% in just one year. In two years between 2009 and 2011, the figure rose 13%, says the 14th annual crime report compiled by the state CID and released last week.The shocking incident in Dombivli on Monday, when four minors and an 18-year-old stabbed a youth to death, underscores the fact that far too many of Mumbai's young are not only restless, but merciless too. In 2011, 804 teens were arrested for serious offences like murder, attempt to murder, robbery, rape, molestation and rioting against 693 in 2010 and 711 in 2009, the report points out.Under India's juvenile justice laws, widely perceived as being liberal, many of the delinquent youngsters are likely to be released back into society soon. A possible lack of repentance could spell further trouble for the crime-plagued city.Particularly disturbing for the law-enforcing agencies and Mumbaikars is the growing number of teen arrests in assault crimes and group violence using weapons.In 2011, 327 teens were held for murder, attempt to murder, causing grievous hurt and rioting. These crimes comprise about 40% of all juvenile arrests in the year and have risen by almost half from the figure for 2009 (218).\"It's truly a grim situation as the arrests in acts of extreme violence shot up by 50% between 2009 and 2011,\" said a police officer.Alarmingly, youths in the city have shown a prominent tilt towards property offences as 51% of the total juvenile arrests in 2011 were for burglary, robbery, theft and kidnapping, suggesting a strong impulse to make fast money and relying on crime to achieve the goal. In 2010, the number of arrests for such crimes stood at 379 but zoomed to 418 the next year.\"In most cases, it seems the money was needed to splurge on alcohol or bikes or to impress girls. Such crimes were not restricted to those living in slums or born into families with modest means. The trend seemed all-pervading as youths from the middle class and the upper middle class too had taken to crime, either for the thrill of it or to be able to afford bigger, flashier lifestyles,\" said a senior officer from Thane.A high delinquency was reported in offences registered under Sections 325 and 326 of the IPC, where the victim is grievously hurt to the extent that his life could be endangered. \"As many as 240 teenagers were arrested for causing grievous hurt in 2011 against 166 in 2009. It's a dangerous reflection of the temperament of Mumbai teens who resort to mindless bloodshed on provocation, which in most cases, is absolutely trivial,\" the officer explained.Arrests in sexual crimes like rape, molestation and sexual harassment touched 59 in 2011, a rise of 40% over 2009's figure of 42. Of the 804 arrests last year, a vast majority belonged to the 16-18 age group while around 200 were between 7 and 16.Neighbouring Thane and Navi Mumbai also recorded 10% and 4% increase in juvenile arrests in 2011 as compared to 2009. Thane police arrested 513 youths in 2011 compared to 464 held in 2009, while the number of arrests in Navi Mumbai rose marginally to 108 in 2011 against 104 two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17514851", "title": "Now, dogs learn to drive cars", "text": "London: Dogs behind the wheel! Animal experts in New Zealand are teaching dogs how to drive and it took the three canines just eight weeks to master the basics.The dogs initially learned to drive a wooden cart and then graduated to a modified Mini in which they sat on their haunches in the driver's seat and their paws on the steering wheel.Their feet go on extension levers which are attached to the accelerator and the brake while their paw rests on the gearstick.An animal welfare group in New Zealand trained the dogs to get behind the wheel in an attempt to show the public how intelligent they are, the Daily Mail reported.The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) will put them to the test in a live broadcast next Monday.The dogs have been trained in specially made wooden carts which they have been driving around inside an indoor test lab.Mark Vette, the animal trainer who is schooling the dogs, said in a preview of the show that they treated the training like a 'film shoot' , in reference to his work in the movies.\"We train the dogs to do different actions, touch is the first thing and then we teach them to touch the different objects with the right paw and left paw,\" he said. \"They've all come through at this point and they're all going really well,\" he said.The dogs that were chosen were Porter, a 10-month old Beardie Cross, Monty, an 18-month-old Schnauzer Cross, and Ginny, a oneyear-old Beardie Whippet Cross.All of them had been rescued by the SPCA. The organization hopes that the public will be so impressed with the animals that they will adopt them and others like them. \"I think sometimes people think because they're getting an animal that's been abandoned that somehow it's a second-class animal,\" SPCA Auckland Chief executive Christine Kalin said.\"The dogs have achieved amazing things in eight short weeks of training, which really shows with the right environment just how much potential all dogs from the SPCA have as family pets,\" Kalin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17512451", "title": "World Telugu Conference venue to be shifted", "text": "HYDERABAD: Inadequate preparations and heavy rains have forced the state government to shift the venue of the much touted three-day World Telugu Conference (WTC), scheduled to be held in Tirupati from December 27-29.As of now, the conference was scheduled to be held at the 90-acre open venue Avilala Pedda Cheruvu (Avilala Tank) in the temple town. However, in view of the lack of preparations as well as the heavy rains, the venue is likely to be shifted and the entire event reduced to a small affair.At a review meeting held by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Thursday, the high-power committee of the WTC was asked to look for alternative arrangements for the venue. Sources said the CM was very particular about not changing the date of the conference in spite of the short time and instead directed the officials to look for different venues for hosting different cultural programes. The officials will submit a report on Friday to the CM on alternate arrangements and venues. For the inaugural session, it is almost certain that Venkateswara Veterinary University grounds with a capacity of 30,000 will be finalised.The original plan of the government was to construct eight stages to host dramas and other cultural events and 14 exhibition halls to display the greatness of Telugu language. Altogether 25,000 delegates, 5,000 artists were to attend the event. \"Definitely it is a setback on the grandness part, but we cannot blame anyone for heavy rains,\" vice-president of the high-power committee Mandali Buddha Prasad told TOI.Now with the change of venue, the inaugural and concluding sessions will be held at one venue and no stages will be constructed instead available auditoriums will be used for the events. \"We have informed the high-power committee of ministers and CM that either we have to change the date or venue and it is not possible to conduct the event as decided earlier,\" one of the officials told TOI.The cultural department as well as the Chittoor district administration and Tirumala Tirupati Devastanams (TTD) have come under fire for the lopsided and slow pace of arrangements. Despite the state government sanctioning Rs 4.22 crore for restoring percolation tank, works at the venue started only on December 1. The tender for the same was finalised at the end of November. However officials and engineering wing informed the higher-ups it would take at least ten days to get ready the venue for the event.Sources said state mines minister Galla Aruna, who also hails from the same district, was instrumental in selecting Avilala tank as the venue. The tank has been in existence since the time of Vijayanagara emperor Sri Krishna Devaraya. It was first disfigured ahead of the 1992 Congress plenary and again in 2008, when actor K.Chiranjeevi launched his 'Praja Rajyam' party. Sources said it was the state mines minister Galla Aruna who also hails from the same district was instrumental in fixing Avilala tank as the venue.However, the decision did not go well with the district administration since December being a heavy rainy season in Tirupati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17514916", "title": "Working from home may translate into longer hours", "text": "London: Employees who work from home slog away for at least seven hours a week longer than those in office , according to a new study.Researchers at the University of Texas in Austin found that contrary to popular opinion , home workers toil harder than their colleagues who commute.The study found that employees who work from home add five to seven hours to the standard 40-hour week compared with those who work exclusively at the office , the Daily Express reported.Employees admitted to using technology such as email to perform office work even when sick or on vacation. The study found that so-called teleworking blurs the boundary between work and home.Rising petrol prices and increasing demand for a more equal work-life balance had prompted many white-collar staff to work from home.The study, published in Monthly Labour Review, concluded that teleworking is not helpful in reducing work-family conflicts .The researchers also found that parents with dependent children are no more likely to work from home than the population as a whole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17512779", "title": "QMC to give NOCs to pre-'05 'illegal' homes", "text": "QUEPEM: Although the chief officer of the Quepem municipal council had declined to provide approval (no objection certificates) to provide water and and electricity connections to illegal houses built prior to 2005 under the Public Health Act, 1985, he had to relent after the local MLA and councillors pressured him not to do so during a special meeting of the council recently.After Pandarinath Naik, QMC chief officer refused to issue the NOCs, MLA Chandrakant alias Babu Kavlekar intervened in the matter and called a special meeting to discuss the long-pending files.\"The local MLA requested the chief officer to clear the files at the meeting and as pressure on him from the MLA and councillors mounted, he was compelled to do so,\" a source said.The meeting was attended by QMC chairperson Dayesh Naik, health officer of Quepem primary health centre, Dr Mamata Kakodkar and engineers from the electricity, water supply and PWD departments. Six out of 10 councillors were present during the meeting.During the meeting, the Quepem MLA stated that the majority of the councilors had complained to him that the chief officer had declined to sign the files. But all outgoing chief officers had given the NOC after considering the genuineness of the cases. But the chief officer, while replying to the allegation, said that it is the duty of the health officials to give NOC under the health act.Health officer Dr Kakodkar, while referring to the official memorandum issued by the public health department on January 25, 2005, said that the chief officer of the municipal councils and the commissioners, corporation of the city of Panaji , shall exercise their powers under the health act within their respective jurisdictions. The health officer shall exercise their powers under the said act within their respective areas outside the jurisdiction of municipal councils or municipal corporation.The 2005 official memorandum sign by J S Monteiro, then joint secretary of health also states that the requirement of production of no objection certificate from municipal council or panchayat for obtaining water connection or electricity connection or sewage connection, shall be waived, as the purpose of granting such connections is only the maintenance and improvement of public health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513107", "title": "Probe panel submits reports on RED scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a fresh development in the alleged scam into the Rural Engineering Department, the three-member committee of senior bureaucrats has turned in its report to chief secretary Jawed Usmani. The report, which was delivered to the top bureaucrat's office late on Tuesday night, has investigated into the charges of forged date of birth levelled against RED's director and chief engineer Uma Shankar.Sources in the government confirmed that the committee, comprising agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan and principal secretaries Sanjeev Dubey, and Ashok Kumar , have submitted their findings on charges against Shankar. Further action against Shankar, if any, would be decided by the chief secretary.Earlier, senior UP government bureaucrat Hari Shankar Pandey, in a series of letters to the state government, had recommended the immediate removal of Shankar from his post after the department received complaints of forgery against the officer. Shankar, who was accused of forging his date of birth for a six-year extension of service, was also charged with financial misappropriation after being promoted to the post of director of the rural engineering department.Pandey, who sought a complete audit of works in the rural engineering department - as advised by the CAG audit report on the department - also suggested the government should not allow Uma Shankar to hold the post of RED director until such time he is absolved of all charges of corruption.Interestingly, Uma Shankar was accused of tampering with his date of birth in official documents available with the state government. According to these allegations, the officer reduced his age by six years. As a result, he continues to be in UP government service even though he should have, officially, retired in October 2011.In another letter to principal secretary RED, Pandey, on November 9, 2012, has also taken on Uma Shankar for having executed financial powers in violation of his appointment as director in an ad-hoc capacity.A senior government official said, however, that the three-member committee was only entrusted with the task of investigating the charges of forgery against the officer. Since the allegations of financial misappropriation, suggested in the CAG audit were leveled later, the committee has not looked into those matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17515140", "title": "Molestation cases double on Mumbai local trains", "text": "MUMBAI: College professor Anita Rane, who was attacked and abused by a eunuch on a local train last year, lamented that women commuters continue to feel unsafe. \"There's this old tussle between the GRP and Railway Protection Force (RPF) over jurisdiction and duties and as a result, the common man suffers. It's high time both the forces were given equal responsibilities ,\" she said.After the attack on Rane, the GRP had only lodged a noncognizable complaint. It was converted into an FIR following areport in TOI.The Bombay high court had taken suo motu notice of a PIL last year, highlighting the plight of women commuters, after a 25-year-old woman was molested on a Harbour local at Nerul in June. At Thane, she approached the GRP for help. But instead of acting on her complaint, the cops snubbed her. The Vashi GRP only registered an FIR after two days. The HC came down heavily on the security agencies in its subsequent hearings. The court also directed the railways to expedite the recruitment of women constables to man ladies compartments , and recommended the recruitment of more women constables for the Railways.For the past year, the GRP has been deploying two night escorts for each rake in the 24-hour ladies compartments. \"There are 344 GRP personnel deployed on night escorting duties . Besides them, we have 50 more personnel for night rounds from each division. Manpower shortage is an issue but we ensure maximum visibility on all major stations at least,\" GRP commissioner Prabhat Kumar said, admitting the smaller stations are unable to get as much attention.\"The rise in molestation cases occurred in the first few months of this year as our personnel were instructed not to turn away even a single complainant ,\" said Kumar. \"Since October, we have opened a women's cell at each of our railway police stations. The cell comprises three women personnel and they take over complaints where victims are women . The idea is to make the victim feel comfortable and ensure she opens up about her problem without any inhibitions .\" The cell counsels victims who have undergone trauma and also deal with cases of runaway or lost-and-found women and children.RPF officers said they have introduced the 'Mahila Vahini' on the Central line, where female personnel travel inside coaches as well as patrol on platforms. On the Western line, two teams have been formed to patrol between Churchgate-Bandra and Virar-Bandra .\"These teams are constantly in touch with the control room. We have also stepped up prosecution against men travelling illegally in women's compartments . Besides this, four women constables have been permanently posted at every RPF outpost,\" a senior RPF officer said.Times View : Improve safety on trainsT he sharp spike in cases of molestation and attempted molestation indicates train commute is getting a lot less safe. Trains are Mumbai's lifeline and, by virtue of their schedule, afford women an easy option of travelling throughout the day, barring a couple of hours. Special emphasis should be there to make this commute safer. Visibility of cops on trains is important, so is handling victims with empathy and sensitivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513832", "title": "PMC, PCMC blamed for poor dengue awareness", "text": "PUNE: The Union health ministry's team that carried out larval survey in the dengue affected areas of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad observed that both the civic bodies failed in carrying out adequate health education activities among their citizens about how to tackle the breeding sites of aedes aegypti mosquito, the dengue vector.The team's report, recently submitted to the regional office of the Union health ministry, also underlined that strict regulations need to be in place and action should be taken against storage of tyres and other scrap material, lying unattended in different areas, which collect water and provide ideal setting for mosquito breeding. TOI has a copy of the report.Pune city has reported over 950 dengue cases and 11 deaths due to dengue so far this year.The report also highlighted that a huge number of tyres were lying neglected in the central workshop of the PMPML and many of them had aedes larvae. The central team had to instruct the health assistant concerned to take immediate action on the issue.\"The report says that information, education and communication (IEC) activities were inadequate. A large number of residents living in dengue-affected areas of both the municipal corporations did not know about potential dengue mosquito breeding places like the tray under the refrigerator which collects water after defrosting,\" said D D Malekar, senior regional officer, regional office of the Union ministry of health and family welfare.The ministry had appointed the entomologists' team, headed by a consultant in vector control, to carry out aedes larval survey in the dengue-affected areas of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad between October 30 and November 2.In Pune, the team carried out the survey in Ramtekdi, Kale Padal (Nirmal towanship) and Sasanenagar in Hadapsar which has reported highest number of dengue cases this year. The survey was also conducted in Balajinagar and Dhankawdi village and a few government and semi-government offices like police quarters, PMPML workshop and central workshop and the Income Tax office building - all located in Swargate.\"Among the areas surveyed by the team, only people living in localities in Balajinagar and Dhankawdi village were aware about aedes larval breeding to a certain extent. Also, the team found that handbills were being distributed in this area to create awareness about steps to be taken to tackle breeding and prevent the mosquito-borne infection. In Swargate and Hadapsar areas, health education activities were poor as also the level of awareness among the people,\" Malekar said.In Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation limits, the team had carried out the survey in Annasaheb Magarnagar, Kalewadi and Bhatnagar and found that health education activities were inadequate in these areas.The team also underlined that, for effective surveillance manpower should be strengthened to tackle the acute problem - if necessary, on contractual basis (with proper training). The team also suggested that information, education and communication activities should be strengthened using different tools of mass media.When contacted, S T Pardeshi, PMC's city health chief, said: \"We have been doing IEC activities quite regularly across the city. We also distributed handbills in the affected areas.\"Despite repeated attempts, health officials from the PCMC could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17515109", "title": "Online bookings of parking slots in Mumbai soon", "text": "MUMBAI: In a welcome move for harried motorists desperate to find parking space, the BMC is all set to introduce online booking of parking slots. The civic body plans to implement a web-based payand-park model in its 92 functioning parking lots in the city, which can accommodate 10,314 vehicles.The civic body has appointed a contractor for the scheme, who will install software, provide hand-held devices for attendants at parking lots and connect the feed from all the 92 spots to the central server on the BMC's website.The hand-held devices will generate ereceipts , and the software will allow motorists to view online the number of free and occupied slots as and when cars enter and exit the parking lot. The corporation also proposes to issue preloaded cards to car owners for cashless payment.How It Will WorkSoftware connected to BMC website's central server will give data of free and occupied slots in all 92 parking lotsOne can choose the closest parking lot and can book a parking slot, after mentioning one's expected time of arrivalBMC still working on e-payment mode and cancellation chargesHand-held devices will be given to attendants. These will generate e-receipts of the bill , with details of entry and exit times of the vehicle and amount to be paidE-bookings will have 30m windowThe BMC wants to take the hassle out of parking your car by making the service available online. According to additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta, the generation of e-receipts and online data on free and occupied slots will be made available from January 1.\"However, we are still fine tuning the system to accommodate a mechanism where the car owner can pay online,\" he says.Gupta adds that if a motorist does not turn up in the stipulated time-a window of half an hour-his booking will lapse. \"Bookings can be cancelled too but in that case, some amount of money will be deducted,\" says a senior civic official.The BMC is going to make it compulsory for the contractor to use the hand-held device that will be directly connected to the centrally located server. Once a vehicle enters a parking lot, the device will record the time and date of its entry and the car model. On exit, it will issue a computerized receipt which will state the duration for which the car was parked. Charges will be levied based on corporation rates. \"With this system we will solve the problem of overcharging by parking lot attendants and illegal allotment of parking space,\" says Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mysore/mandya", "code": "17514740", "title": "Eerie calm descends on KRS dam site", "text": "Mysore/Mandya: The Krishnarajasagar dam site virtually turned into a fortress with heavy deployment of cops. The Brindavan Gardens were completely shut on Thursday, as were schools and colleges across the district. The uneasy calm is expected to continue over the next two days till the state government makes its stand clear on the release of water. As a precautionary measure, police clamped prohibitory orders at the KRS dam after erecting temporary barricades to restrict the movement of vehicles near it. This was done in the wake of an unsavoury incident last September when agitated farmers had pulled down the barbed fence in a bid to enter the KRS dam from the north gate, after the state released water. Vehicular traffic at the Tamil Nadu border has been restricted. \"Paramilitary forces are likely to be summoned to maintain law and order in the area,'' police sources said. Throughout Thursday, farmers staged a protest at Mandya by blocking the Bangalore-Mysore highway. Demonstrations were also held in Mysore region, pressing the state government not to release water. The government's delay in making its stand clear only heightened the tension and the public, especially tourists, bore the burnt. Meanwhile, water level at the KRS dam decreased by over 1 foot, and irrigation officials insisted that the water outflow is for irrigation for farmers of Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17512916", "title": "Five timber smugglers arrested", "text": "Kokrajhar: The BTC's forest department on Thursday arrested five timber smugglers from Laopani forest in Haltugaon forest division of Chirang Reserve Forest in Kokrajhar district. The five arrested were involved in massive felling of trees in Samokha block of Jharbari range.The arrested are Keshab Hazoary (25) of Gwjwnpuri, Herli Narzary (24) of Nilbhisa, Oresh Narzary (36) of Dolorpara, Janathan Basumatary (28) of Gwjwnpuri and Niloi Mashahary (24) of Dwisajhora. All of them are from Chirang district. They have been brought to Kokrajhar for interrogation.When asked as to why they have been felling trees in the reserve forest despite the Supreme Court's ban, one of the arrested persons said they were engaged just for felling of trees deep inside the reserve forest after being paid by timber smugglers.Sources said there was an organized gang behind timber smuggling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17513397", "title": "Wanted Maoist nabbed in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police arrested a top Maoist leader from Jharkhand at Tezpur in Assam's Sonitpur district on Thursday afternoon. The arrested, Anand Kharwar, is a sub-zonal commander of CPI (Maoist) in Jharkhand's Latehar district.Kharwar was arrested by Sonitpur Police, along with his co-brother Anil Singh, from a Tezpur hotel. Anil is an employee of a Kolkata-based company and was recently transferred to the state.Confirming the arrest, Jharkhand IG (Special Branch) SN Pradhan said, \"He is a sub-zonal commander in Latehar district and is wanted in several cases. It is an important catch.\"Assam Police is yet to ascertain the motive behind the nabbed Maoist leader's visit to Tezpur. \"The special operations unit of special branch will interrogate Kharwar to ascertain the motive behind his visit. May be he was hiding at Tezpur since he is wanted in Jharkhand,\" said SP (Sonitpur) Apurba Jibon Baruah.The Maoists have recently set foot in the state and two districts of upper Assam - Dibrugarh and Tinsukia - have been recommended by the rural development ministry to be tagged as Maoist-hit districts.For state police, the arrest of the Maoist leader assumes great deal significance as the Reds have stepped up their activities here. Two years ago, the man who formed a base for Maoists in the state, Aditya Borah, was arrested from a place near the Odisha-Jharkhand border while he was on training. He later jumped bail and is absconding. Borah is a former Ulfa rebel.In May, police gunned down four Maoists, including an area commander, at Sadiya in Tinsukia district bordering Arunachal Pradesh. In June, National Investigation Agency (NIA) sleuths arrested the director of an educational institute, Pallab Borbora, for allegedly acting as a linkman between PLA and Maoists.Recently, police came to know about Maoists' plan to get involved in the coming panchayat elections in the state by fielding former Adivasi militants as candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513358", "title": "Narendra Modi targets Sonia on eve of her arrival", "text": "VADODARA: Chief minister Narendra Modi targeted UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in his poll speech here on the eve of her arrival in the state for campaigning.Addressing a gathering at Makarpura, Modi said that the Congress was tense over her speech and wanted to avoid a slip of tongue from her.\"You will be surprised that since the last 10 days, Congress leaders are tense as her speech is being prepared,\" he said.\"The speech is travelling between Gujarat and Delhi. It travels six times a day between the two places. They know that if one word goes wrong, Modi will take them to task,\" he said.The CM even asked the crowd to see Gandhi's face when she delivers her speech. Modi said that there will be no smile on her face and she will be tense. \"They fear that if one word goes wrong the people of Gujarat will take them to task,\" he said.Modi said that the polls were a contest between the hard work of BJP workers and the Congress' splurge on money. \"You know where it is coming from,\" he said while referring to the recent scams.\"They have been showing ads even on sports channels since six months now,\" he said.Modi said that in the 2007 polls Gandhi had come to Chhotaudepur for an election rally and put up a major show mobilizing people from Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan and Maharashtra.\"But they lost in Chhotaudepur. So she changed her 'disha (direction)' to Rajkot. But she should read the writing on the wall be it Chhotaudepur or Saurashtra, but your 'durdasha (bad condition)' will remain the same,\" he said. Modi was taking a dig at the Congress ad campaign that talks about a change in the direction and condition of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17512974", "title": "ICFRE to support bamboo cultivation in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education (ICFRE) has decided to support cultivation of bamboo in Tripura and will transfer its bamboo treatment techniques for value addition.ICFRE director general V K Bahuguna said it would extend support for setting up a wood-plastic manufacturing unit in the state considering versatile target group and climate.Bahuguna pointed out that they would provide funds for value addition of non-timber forest produce ( NTFP), development of agro and social forestry and create water harvesting structure.Tripura has already issued rights of about 1.76 lakh hectare of land to 19000-odd forest dwelling families under FRA but there was no integrated project for supporting income-generation activities in the land, he said.He expressed interest to extend scientific and technical support for integrating suitable mechanical structure with biological control measures at different micro-watershed level to restore water recharge zone in Tripura. He pointed out that ICFRE has opened its second center for forestry extension research and eco-tourism in the northeast in Agartala recently to endorse real-time income generation activities for forest dwellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17515061", "title": "Tribal women wage war against IMFL", "text": "SHIMLA: Tribal women in Lahaul-Spiti and Kinnaur district have waged a unique war to curb social inequality, especially during marriages and other social functions. In a bid to curb show of wealth, women have come up with unique idea of banning the use of English liquor and those defying ban are being imposed heavy penalty.Liquor is an important part of tribal customs and social get together are incomplete if alcohol and mutton are not served to guests. Since ages, tribals in Kinnaur are brewing liquor locally known as \"angoori\" while in Lahaul-Spiti they make it from wheat. But with the coming of wealth locally brewed liquor was replaced by whisky and beer resulting into social inequality widening the gap between rich and poor.Noted social activist of Kinnaur and chairperson of Kinnaur Mahila Kalyan Parishad Ratan Manjari said over the years serving English liquor and beer during marriages and other social functions had become a show of wealth and those not having money too were serving it and get burdened with debt. \"Trend was wrong which needed to be stopped and now we have done it in many villages of Kinnaur,\" she said. Kinnaur Mahila Kalyan Parishad has 200 mahila mandals as its members.Ratan Manjari said for 5-6 years, they have mobilized support of women in Kinnaur district to tell them how use of English liquor and beer during marriages is resulting in waste of money besides creating divide among rich and poor. \"Today, we have succeeded in banning English liquor in social functions, especially in Kalpa, Sangla, Lippa and other areas of district,\" she said.To ensure that people obey the decision, a provision of imposing fine has been made by women amicably. \"We have decided to impose penalty of Rs 5,000 on people serving the English liquor and those consuming it,\" Manjari said. She said still a lot more is required to be done.In Lahaul-Spiti district, Udaipur village is setting an example for others by observing complete ban on English liquor and beer during social gathering for last three years. \"During marriages and other functions only locally made liquor is served. Those defying ban are punished by mahila mandal members,\" said Hemvati, Mahila Mandal member of Udaipur.Hemvati said if a family in the village found serving English liquor and Beer despite ban, then Rs 10,000 fine is imposed, but if same offence is committed second time then the family is boycotted socially.\"Such decisions are in larger interest of society as seeing rich people serving liquor even poor were following the trend after borrowing money. In one wedding, people were usually spending Rs 50,000 to 1 lakh only on liquor, but now with ban enforced in many villages show of wealth has been curbed in the interest of poor,\" said Rigzin Samphel Hayerpa, Zila Parishad member from Kolang in Lahaul-Spiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17515060", "title": "March against social evils", "text": "LUDHIANA: More than 100 students of different schools marched with police personnel from police station, division no. 2 to generate awareness on child abuse, child labour, gambling and drug addiction.\"The march started from division no 2 police station, covering markets in Field Ganj. Many people distributed fruits and snacks to the students,\" sub-inspector Ravinder Pal Singh said.Damandeep Singh Binny, a shopkeer from Field Ganj, appreciated the effort. \"The march is a commendable effort on the part of students. We expressed our appreciation by putting up a fruit stall for them,\" he said.Students took out another such march from Division No 1 Kotwali police station to mobilize opinion against traffic violations and gambling. \"It was a worthwhile initiative. Children enjoyed the march and their parents read the banners they carried,\" ACP North, Swapan Sharma said.\"We moved around Chaura Bazaar with police personnel asking people not to violate traffic rules and stay away from gambling,\" said Sachin sharma, a student.For the police, the two marches were part of an effort to relate to the masses. \"The exercise is good to reduce the gap between the Police and the public. Better coordination between residents and the police is needed,\" said commissioner, Police Ishwar Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17517278", "title": "Republicans sound like they're protecting rich: Bobby Jindal", "text": "WASHINGTON: Holding the mirror to the Republican party, Louisana's Indian-American governor Bobby Jindal has called for his party to rethink their approach to the so-called \"fiscal cliff\" negotiations.\"At present, any reading of the headlines over the past week indicates that Republicans are fighting to protect the rich and cut benefits for seniors,\" he wrote in an op-ed published in Politico, an influential politics focused media site.\"It may be possible to have worse political positioning than that, but I'm not sure how,\" Jindal said asking the Republicans to fight for structural reforms, such as instituting a federal balanced budget amendment, requiring a super majority to raise taxes or creating term limits.While he didn't explicitly suggest that Republicans should drop their opposition to tax increases on the wealthy, he argued that the party's focus should be elsewhere in talks on the fiscal cliff.Fiscal cliff refers to the situation that the administration may face in the absence of a deal with Bush era tax cuts set to expire along with spending cuts in the new year that some fear may drive America back into a recession.\"(I)n the negotiations, Republicans certainly should fight to at least get something done that will matter,\" wrote Jindal, considered a possible 2016 presidential contender.Jindal sounded a pessimistic note on the future of America's finances, predicting that the fiscal cliff would be followed by \"the fiscal mountain, after that the fiscal black hole, and after that fiscal Armageddon\".\"Additionally, amidst all the talk of increasing taxes and cutting entitlements, something more important than either of these has been lost -- economic growth,\" he wrote.\"America is forever young because America is forever growing, leading the world and showing the way forward. All actions taken by Washington should be seen through this simple prism - will this help grow our economy? If not, maybe we shouldn't do it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514041", "title": "Car makers threaten price hikes to clear inventories", "text": "MUMBAI: Car companies are at it again. Battling a crushing slowdown and poor sentiment, major carmakers engaged in their annual price hike threat - almost an yearly ritual in December - to coerce customers to showrooms and clear piled up inventories.Ranging from Maruti Suzuki to Hyundai to Honda and Volkswagen and General Motors , most of the companies spoke about \"pressure on operating margins\" to justify the talk of price hikes.However, the steep discounts offered on models - especially the slow moving petrol variants - gives away the theory of pressure on margins, rather pointing out to the poor off-take in the market and resulting pressure.Discounts are being offered by nearly all the carmakers. While Maruti has an average of Rs 20,000-25,000 discount offered on models like WagonR, Estilo, Ritz and SX4, Hyundai has benefits running up to Rs 50,000 on models ranging from the i10 to the Santro. Tata Motors , Volkswagen, Ford and Honda have also been carrying attractive schemes to lure buyers.\"It is the slowdown and the normally-sluggish December off-take that prompts companies to come out with statements of price hikes during this time of the year. Many customers normally do not want to purchase a vehicle in December as in just a few weeks, the model becomes a make of the previous year rather than the new year. Thus, they try and postpone purchases to January as they feel it will give them better re-sale prices later,\" said a dealer of a leading carmaker. \"Companies normally resort to a minor price hike in January, while doling out attractive schemes in December, to pull buyers to showrooms.\"However, car company executives said that the hike has been necessitated by pure economics. Mayank Pareek, chief operating officer (marketing &amp; sales) for Maruti Suzuki, said that the price hike is necessitated due to increasing pressure on the margins due to the currency fluctuation. \"There will be a hike in the prices of our products. Quantum will vary depending on models, but it can be up to Rs 20,000,\" Pareek said.Rakesh Srivastava, VP (marketing and sales) at Hyundai India , also echoed similar sentiments. \"Macro economic conditions have not been favourable this year. There is pressure on margins on account of low volume growth and increase in various costs. We are considering a price increase, the quantum and timing will be communicated once we finalize the details.\"General Motors, that has also faced a slowdown in sales, spoke of similar margin pressures, thus needing a price increase. \"We will increase product prices in January across all carlines ranging from 1\"-3% depending upon models owing to currency fluctuation and hike in input costs,\" said P Balendran, VP at GM India.An official at Volkswagen Group Sales also had a similar reasoning. \"With increasing pressure on input costs and exchange rates , Volkswagen is considering a price hike,\" the official said, without talking about the quantum.Industry old-timers say that despite the tall threats, companies will not be able to increase prices by a big degree. \"The market is in a slowdown and this is a reality. High interest rates and economic uncertainty has kept away buyers. Thus companies can't afford to further dampen mood by big hikes,\" an analyst said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17514930", "title": "Temple priest under heavy debt shoots himself dead", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: A 50-year-old temple priest allegedly shot himself dead on Wednesday night in the religious town of Bilaspur in Yamunanagar district.Police said the body of Tilak Das was spotted in the Om Sai Ashram where he was serving on Thursday morning.A police officer said the deceased had used his licensed gun for taking his life and left no suicide note.It has come to light that Tilak was under heavydebt and a lot of depression, said a police officer.Tilak, a resident of Kaithal, had taken money from many people and promised them jobs in return. But, after he had failed to keep his word people had started demanding their money back, said the police officer.Tilak's family is staying in Kaithal and the deceased was serving at local Om Sai Ashram and temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17515086", "title": "Former MP Khunte returns to Congress", "text": "RAIPUR: Former BJP Member of ParliamentFormer BJP Member of Parliament P R Khunte, who joined the Congress and later floated his own party amid political controversies, on Friday returned to the opposition Congress fold and merged his regional outfit Chhattisgarh Vikas Party ahead of the next year's assembly elections. , who joined the Congress and later flo P R Khunteated his own party amid political controversies, on Friday returned to the opposition Congress fold and merged his regional outfit Chhattisgarh Vikas Party ahead of the next year's assembly elections.Khunte is gearing up to take on the BJP in the next polls to prevent the saffron party from scoring a hat-trick. The Congress also re-admitted former minister Manoj Mandavi to the party. Mandavi was expelled from the party during last elections for entering the poll fray as a rebel after the party denied him a ticket to contest the elections.Addressing a press conference at the party headquarters here, Chhattisgarh Pradesh Congress Committee president Nandkumar Patel made the announcements of Khunte and Mandavi entering the party stating that both had expressed their desire to return to the Congress.Ahead of the Chhattisgarh's maiden assembly elections in December 2003, dalit leader P R Khunte, who was a BJP MP representing Sarangarh, deserted the BJP to join the Congress under the leadership of then chief minister Ajit Jogi.However, Khunte's name figured in the cash-for MLA sting controversy, immediately after the results of the state's first assembly polls were out and the BJP headed towards a majority. Khunte allegedly figured in an audio tape as the mediator on behalf of the then chief minister Ajit Jogi to scuttle government formation by engineering defection in the newly elected BJP legislature party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17513105", "title": "Greater Noida to get hi-tech waste plant", "text": "NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority has unveiled plans for a state-of-the-art municipal solid waste (MSW) management system for the city. Under this unique system, which is being set up with modern imported equipment, not only will Greater Noida be cleared of garbage heaped at public places, but fuel derived from recycled bio-degradable components would be used to power industries. Similarly, compost generated from the waste materials in the plant would be sold at cheap rates for agricultural purposes.Elaborating upon the waste management system, Authority officials said that three types of facilities would be set up under the system. In the first facility, bio-degradable waste would be segregated from municipal solid waste and transported to a ramp to be dropped to a tipping point. These will be dropped onto a conveyor belt on which waste materials like metal, paper, glass, etc would be separated, both manually and with the help of machines, to be transported onwards to a recycling facility.The second facility would be meant for production of the fuel. Refuse-derived fuel, popularly known as RDF, would be produced from the bio-degradable waste once it is segregated from non-degradable waste matter. The third facility would be the landfill site in Astauli village where waste matter, after proper treatment and neutralization, would be dumped. Land-filling would be done strictly in accordance with the rules set for municipal solid waste disposal by the Central Pollution Control Board.Initially, the MSW plant would be capable of handling around 70 tonnes of waste per day. \"In subsequent phases, the capacity of the plant will be increased to handle 200 tonnes per day. The fuel derived from this system would be a continuous source of energy for industries,\" said RK Dev, GM (Urban Services) of Greater Noida Authority.The waste management plant would be enclosed within high walls and surrounded on all four sides by 330ft-wide green belts. \"Dense forestation would be done in these green belts to act as buffers for the plant,\" said Dev.The entire waste management plant would be kept under surveillance with the help of CCTV cameras. Laboratories, workshops, water treatment plants and compost storage space would be built within the premises of the plant, apart from space reserved for administrative work.\"Treated water discharged from the plant would be used to irrigate the buffer zone of trees that would surround the plant,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512932", "title": "Cops raid 'dance bar', rescue five girls", "text": "NAGPUR: Sonegaon police raided a private liquor bar in the early hours of Thursday exposing the shady business behind the garb of a liquor joint-cum-eatery where customers were being lured by girls dancing in the tunes of raunchy Bollywood numbers on Wardha Road near Shivangaon Turning road. Five girls -- three from Chhattisgarh and two sisters from Hyderabad, were also rounded up.The bar is located within a kilometre from the Sonegaon police station, where five girls were found gyrating on the dance floor in a room which was concealed from the rest of the premises. It is learnt that the special room was constructed in such a way that the blaring music remained inaudible from outside.Despite strong rumours of dance bars operating in different parts of the city, there had been no successful raids so far until the crackdown made by the Sonegaon police.This is the third raid on the premises. It is learnt that Sonegaon police had conducted similar raid here last year too.Apart from the five girls who were rescued, the cops also took three customers into custody. One of the bar owners, Pravin Mahajan, too has been arrested along with another employee Brijesh Pandey. However, one more owner, Ranganath Lahange, has managed to give the cops a slip. Police sources said that the bar's license is issued in the name of Lahange, while Mahajan was managing the show.Police said that some of the customers managed to slip away from the spot during the action when the raid began. The girls, who were lured to the city on the pretext of performing at a dance show, were staying at a lodge for last couple of days. They have said before police that someone identified as Suraj Malhotra had brought them to the city where they have come for the first time.The cops produced the rescued girls, one of the owners and four customers before the Judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) NK Patil. The magistrate rejected the police's plea for custody made on the ground that they wanted to go deep down the roots of the racket and also nab the others named as accused. The accused were granted bail on furnishing a surety of Rs 4,000 each. The JMFC has also remarked that the investigation officer of the case was absent when the accused were produced before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17515611", "title": "Youth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death in road accident sparks mob fury", "text": "KANPUR: An irate mob set a truck on fire following a road mishap in which a 25-year-old boy was killed near Cooparganj tri-section area of the industrial city under Collectorganj police station here on Wednesday.The deceased has been identified as Baleshwar, a resident of Cooperganj. The locals said the boy was hit by a speeding truck, and he was killed on the spot. The driver of the truch abandoned the vehicle and fled from the spot. Following the accident, an angry mob gathered at the spot and took to heavy brick-batting, damaging the vehicle involved in the mishap. They subsequently set the truck on fire.The protestors then blocked the road and demanded compensation to the victim's family, paralyzing traffic movement in the area for nearly three hours. Police had to use mild force to disperse the agitated mob. After preliminary investigation, the body was sent for post-mortem examination.A case has been filed against the unidentified truck driver with Collectorganj police station. \"Additional security has been deployed in the area in the wake of the incident. The situation is under control. Adequate security personnel have been deployed to avert any untoward incident,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514232", "title": "DAV guardians threaten school lockout", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hundreds of disgruntled parents assembled in front of the DAV Public School, Unit-VIII, on Thursday to protest against the exorbitant hike in school fees. The four DAV Public Schools in the city have increased their fees three times with retrospective effect from June, 2012. Parents said the fee hike was 'illegal' because the matter was sub-judice.\"All guardians have unanimously decided not to pay the hiked fees unless the Supreme Court gives its final judgment. The school can increase 10% fee per year and since the school did not increase the fee for the last four years they can hike it up to maximum 40%. But a three times increase is unjustified,\" said Akshaya Mahakud, general secretary of DAV School Parent's Association. \"We are giving one week's time to the school management to withdraw the hike or we would lock up the school,\" Mahakud said.The DAV School management and parents associations have been fighting a legal battle for the last four years on the fee hike issue. After the Odisha high court gave its judgment in favour of the parents, the school authorities moved the Supreme Court challenging the order, which is still sub-judice. However, in an interim order, the apex court said that the school management could hike fees after paying salary to teachers as per the sixth pay commission, and based on the decision of the interim committee after reviewing total income-expenditure of the schools.Principal of DAV-Chandrasekharpur K C Satpathy said, \"The fee hike has been done as per the Supreme Court order after giving salary to teachers as per the sixth pay commission. Moreover, the fee hike was a policy decision by the interim committee comprising representatives from the state government, parents' association and school management. Before implementing the hike, we have also discussed the matter with the Parent Teacher Coordination Committee (PTCC).\"The schools have increased tuition fees by Rs 800 to Rs 945 per month and session fees by Rs 1040 to Rs 1200 per month.However, parents alleged that the school authorities misguided a few parents and convinced them to sign in the PTCC meeting resolution. \"The PTCCs are formed overnight hastily to implement the fee hike. The school authorities did not submit their income expenditure report before the interim committee. They hiked fees violating all guidelines of the apex court,\" said president of the CSPur Davian Parents' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17514937", "title": "Arrested cops suspended", "text": "PANCHKULA: A total of 11 persons, including some policemen appointed at the Haryana Police headquarters in Sector 6, were arrested for gambling and Rs 49,000 cash was recovered from them on Wednesday.The policemen were suspended and a case was registered. A detailed report about the arrest of the policemen in the gambling racket was sent to the Haryana police headquarters for action. Inspector Chhatar Singh, in-charge of crime branch, said they will continue drive to nab gamblers from this racket on the days to come. On Wednesday, another four gamblers were arrested from Mansa Devi Complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513769", "title": "Check disparity in veggie prices:CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Unhappy with the soaring prices of vegetables, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday snubbed some members of the task force set up to monitor the cost of agricultural products.It may be recalled that the CM had in the last meeting directed the officials to check fluctuations in the prices of potatoes and onions. But nothing much seems to have been done. Potatoes are being sold at anything between Rs 14-16 a kilo, while the chief minister wants the rate to be around Rs 11.for agricultural products as prices were not coming down as wanted by her she had directed. In the last meeting she had wanted the officials to check that potato and onion prices do not fluctuate.On Thursday, she even asked the DMs and SPs of the districts to keep a check on the price rise. Apart from finding out that onion prices have soared above Rs 30, the CM has got complaints that onion was being smuggled to Bangladesh from some districts. Mamata asked to probe the matter and said that there shouldn't be much disparity in vegetable prices in different parts of the state.the CM was unhappy with the task force members and asked the DMs and SPs of some of the districts to check the price rise. Potatoes are now being sold in some of the city markets around Rs 14 to Rs 16, but the CM wants it around Rs 11. Even the onion price is soaring over Rs 30 and there are complaints that from some of the districts onion is smuggled out to Bangladesh. She wanted to check it. The CM wanted that there should not be much difference between the prices in different parts of the state.She directed the enforcement department to go for a full-fledged vigil to check onion prices without delay. She also threatened to take action against the officials if prices go unchecked.The CM also suggested direct purchase of hilsa from Myanmar as the supply from Bangladesh has gone down to a major extent. She proposed utilization of the 42,000 ponds in the state for growing fish spawns and lands in Bankura and Purulia for growing onions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515517", "title": "Beware of numbers starting with +92", "text": "GURGAON: Next time you receive a call from an unknown number on your cellphone, especially a number that begins with +92, think before taking the call. You may be in for a prank, or a scam. For starters, answering such a call might cost you a big amount.According to experts, +92 is the country code of Pakistan, and miscreants use this code and call up unsuspecting cellphone users to siphon off money or lure them into a scam. Despite alerts from police and cyber security experts, cyber criminals from Pakistan and elsewhere continue to waylay mobile phone users and make easy money.In the past few days, at least two persons have confirmed having received calls from numbers that begin with +92. There were instances of such calls between January and March as well.A cyber security expert said mostly such calls are generated from Pakistan, but in some cases, they are also generated through computer programs in any other country and then routed through Pakistan. The expert said there was no foolproof system to identify whether a call was a prank or genuine. Therefore, precaution is the only way to avoid answering such calls.Anurag Singh, a private firm employee, said he received a call from a Pakistan number and answered it as he was not aware about such prank calls. \"On answering the call, I could hear obscene sounds. So, I immediately disconnected the line. By that time, I was charged Rs 45,\" he said. He said one of his friends too had received such a call, but did not answer it as he was aware of the pranks going on.In another incident, a victim, who did not want to be named, said he saw a missed call on his mobile phone, and as a routine practice he returned the call to the number. \"The call was received by a woman, who claimed to be calling from a jewellery company and offered me a pearl necklace at a giveaway price as I was among the lucky winners,\" he said.None of the recipients of these calls have suffered major financial losses and haven't lodged any police complaints. A senior policeman said he has not received any complaints in this matter, and advised the public to be careful while attending such calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17514945", "title": "Seeking relief, farmer climbs tower", "text": "Sonipat: A small village in Sonipat district in Haryana witnessed high drama on Thursday when a farmer climbed a 50-feet power line tower in his fields and threatened to commit suicide demanding adequate compensation for crops damaged while erecting poles for laying transmission lines.The farmer, Hawa Singh (65) of Deepalpur village, climbed the Haryana Vidyut Prasharan Nigam's power transmission tower in the afternoon and threatened to jump off if the government did not pay him compensation for the damaged crop in his farm fields. After climbing about 50 feet he threw a piece of paper at the crowd gathered in which he had written his demands. He alleged the power companies were offering very low compensation amount by wrongly assessing the crop loss.After six hours of drama, he climbed down following assurances from the local MLA and district administration officials that he will be paid compensation.On receiving information, Congress MLA from Rai constituency Jai Tirth Dahiya along with DSP Ajit Singh , district development and panchayat officer Hari Singh Sheoran and officers of Haryana Vidyut Prasharan Nigam reached the spot and assured him of appropriate action.Hawa Singh alleged that farmers were not given notice before erecting poles and laying of the lines. His letter of demands was handed over to the officers of the Prasharan Nigam. Singh said he belonged to a freedom fighter's family and he owns only four bighas of land.The standing crops of the last three seasons were damaged during power line laying work. Three power transmission lines cross over his field and a huge portion of the land had been used for erecting poles. Other farmers also supported his demand.The MLA said an inquiry would be conducted into the complaints regarding discrepancies in assessment of crop damages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17514970", "title": "Three of a family killed in road accident", "text": "PATIALA: Three members of a family were killed, while the driver of another vehicle suffered serious injures, when two vehicles coming from opposite direction collided on Samana -Patiala road.As per information, Sarwan Singh along with his wife Bhinder Kaur and his daughter Mandeep was going to Landra in his Maruti car from Ghaggar. But when he reached near Chauhat village on Samana-Patiala road around 11 am , he tried to overtake a truck and his car went out of control and collided head on with a Bolero coming from Patiala side.Sarwan died on the spot, while Bhinder and her daughter Mandeep died on way to Rajindra hospital, Patiala, while the driver of Bolero Kartar Singh suffered serious injuries and admitted in government hospital, Patiala.\"We have registered a case against the driver of Bolero and are conducting investigation,\" said Samana DSP Sewa Singh Malhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17515371", "title": "We must strive to grow while avoiding greed, says Santosh Desai", "text": "This is the final part of a series exploring 'Greed, The City, And The Pursuit Of Happiness' , the central theme of this year's The Times of India Literary Carnival, December 7-9 , Mehboob Studio, BandraThere are some implicit assumptions around which the world functions. That an ideal country or corporation should grow year on year, forever, without regard to context or circumstance. In bad times, it is permissible for it to grow a little slower, but grow it must. As indeed must our salaries and the size of our shopping baskets.We must aspire for more, for without this drive, we will stagnate. The more people come into the world of consumption, the more we will all grow. Of course, we must strive to grow while avoiding greed, for that is an undesirable trait, one that it is human to succumb to no doubt, but otherwise crass and so eighties, you know. As the books we read at airports tell us, we must strive to grow as people, and go on meaningful inner journeys, once we are successful and hopefully , rich.It takes nothing to argue against greed for it sits up nicely and presents itself as a target with as much juicy ripeness as Donald Trump on Twitter. The trouble is that greed is no longer merely a human vice that some of us fall prey to, but an idea that lies at the heart of the world that we live in. Greed has been democratized, institutionalized and legitimized in every way except the semantic. The construction of our world around this idea is made up of several components, each of them inter-connecting with a satisfying click to ensure that primary meaning is located in the idea of wanting more, infinitely.The reduction of civilizations to markets accompanied simultaneously by the extraction of markets from society has helped create a space for the market that is an independent republic of desire. A country is summed up by its GDP growth number , one is developed, emerging , breaking out or a basket case based on this metric. Its actions get seen through this lens most of the time, and most of the discussion that springs up around it has to do with its economic performance. The market revolves around corporations which represent greed at its most impersonal; these being structures that feel little responsibility having been programmed to act in their own interest, and conceived in a way that makes the acknowledgement of context an extremely self-conscious exercise. A corporation has to strive to 'understand' consumers , 'follow' regulation and 'do its bit' for society. Detached from human intent and ambition, it needs to have no natural boundaries; by definition nothing can and should ever be enough. The corporation is, if it manages to be, immortal; and what is more, it combines its lack of finiteness with a deliberate myopia that looks at the world through the prism of quarterly performance. This combination means that its impersonal disregard for society is both limitless and reductive. It struggles to take responsibility for anything but itself and sees to it that it cannot by refusing to factor in the future. It backs up its unwillingness to take responsibility by contriving an inability to do so.There are, of course, corporations that are exceptions, as indeed there are business leaders that try hard to act in the interests of larger, more long-term causes, but the real issue is not one of conscious intent but implicit structure. The system is designed in a way that rewards short-term self-interest. The trouble that the world has in taking serious note of issues to do with the environment come from the structure of greed that has been created; the issues raise too many fundamental questions in too large a timeframe for the problem to be included within existing frameworks.It helps that achievement speaks in fewer currencies today. Most things are reducible to money and fame, with the idea of celebrity connecting the two just in case things became too complex. The quantification of the world helps ascribe universal value to even intangible pursuits; friendship for instance is now measurable and competitive as is influence. Greed needs a common currency; the grammar of wanting more demands a stilted vocabulary. Without envy, there is no greed, and without common currencies, there is no envy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17513057", "title": "Pachgaon stone quarry sealed for violating forest laws", "text": "NAGPUR: In perhaps the first ever action against illegal mining and stone quarrying in Pachgaon near Nagpur over violation of forest laws, officials sealed a stone quarry and seized material and equipment worth Rs3.5 crore.The action was taken by North Umred range forest officer (RFO) RM Agrawal under the guidance of chief conservator of forests (CCF) for Nagpur Circle SH Patil on December 4.The quarry that has been sealed in compartment number 328 belongs to Anil Bhabde of Nagpur. Officials have seized three trucks, two JCBs, two pockland machines, stone crusher and tractor trolley besides other material. \"We have registered a primary offence report (POR) against Bhabde. The matter has also been reported to the Umred police,\" forest officials said.Patil confirmed the action. \"In October, we had launched a survey following complaints of quarrying and mining in protected forest areas. During the survey, we found that one of the quarry owners violated forest laws by quarrying in forest area, so we launched the action,\" Patil told TOI.\"There may be many more violators. Similar action will be taken against them too if violations are seen during the survey,\" Patil declared.On February 8, TOI was the first to report how stone quarries in Pachgaon were mocking Supreme Court rulings by blatantly violating the Forest Conservation Act (FCA) 1980 and the Indian Forest Act (IFA).Sources said the violations were first reported by chief conservator of forests (CCF) TK Choubey during an inspection on January 20. He had submitted a report to CR Gajbhiye, then CCF of Nagpur Circle. However, forest officials tried to suppress the matter by submitting a false report saying there were no violations. One of the ACFs entrusted with the survey did not even go to the spot and relied on a report given by the forester.When the matter was reported to PCCF SK Khetarpal with substantial documentary evidence, there was some action on the ground. A seven-member committee has set up in October under CCF Patil with a DFO, an ACF and four surveyors as members.Nagpur division forest officials were aware of the violations but did not implement the SC orders. The SC had ordered on August 3, 2007, in a case related to mining in Shivpuri district of Madhya Pradesh , that no mining leases, including renewal, should be permitted up to 250 metres from the boundary of any forest area. The rule is applicable all over India.The court also said that the situation should be reviewed every six months. However, in Pachgaon, many crushers are being run in violation of the law. At places, protected forest has been encroached upon by owners and labourers who work in these quarries.The quarrying also violates safety zone directive issued by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) on May 25, 1999. As per the directive, safety zone area calculation in the mining proposal should be done after setting aside 7.5 metre strip of forest land all along the outer boundary of the mining lease area.In some of the mining lease areas, public roads, forest roads, natural streams and nullahs are also located. In order to safeguard these from mining activities, it is necessary that no mining activities should be carried out in these areas, states the MoEF policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512908", "title": "Have a nightmarish drive and pay for it", "text": "NAGPUR: Until some months ago, people would narrate the thrill of driving to Jabalpur. Just 265km away from Nagpur, many would prefer the six-hour drive to this town in the neighbouring state. The travel has now become a nightmarish experience. The situation has so worsened that private bus operators are planning to stop plying on the Nagpur-Jabalpur road.To add insult to injury, for a car or jeep you have to pay Rs80 one way toll to National Highway Authority of India's (NHAI's) BOT operator Oriental Nagpur Bypass Construction Pvt Ltd. The two-way toll is Rs 120. The toll for other category of vehicles is higher.Oriental is collecting toll just before Mansar. The operator has done four-laning for a distance of just 18km but is collecting Rs 80. This amount is actually for Kanhan-Khawasa stretch. However, as NHAI has not obtained forest clearance it has not transferred the Mansar-Khawasa stretch to Oriental for four-laning.Mahendra Jain, president of Transporters Association for Nagpur (TAN), slammed NHAI for levying toll tax when the road condition was so bad. \"It is not a common's man fault if NHAI has not got forest clearance. How can Oriental charge Rs 80 for just 18km of four-lane road (Kanhan-Mansar)? This is the toll till Khawasa, not till Mansar. It is open loot of passengers.\"Nothing prevents NHAI from maintaining the road. Yet the road has not been repaired after heavy rains this year. In some patches its condition is worse than a village road.NHAI, however, claims that the road is being well maintained. NHAI official Arvind Kale told TOI, \"We wanted to widen the Mansar-Khawasa stretch to 60 metres. However, Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has given clearance for only 30 metres. We have redrafted the proposal and sent it to the state government for approval. Once we get the green signal we will transfer the road to Oriental for widening. In the meantime, we are responsible for the maintenance of the road.\"Kale offered to take the TOI team to the spots where repair work is going on. However, the TOI team which had travelled on this road till Rukhad (MP tourism resort on Khawasa-Seoni stretch of the highway) recently, found that the road till Khawasa beyond Mansar was full of potholes. It became evident that driving at night would be dangerous.TOI's DRIVING EXPERIENCETOI team travelled to Rukhad and back recently. A journey which should have taken four hours took eight hours. We came across a bus that was stranded for over 24 hours.The bad patch starts soon after Mansar. After you cross the village, the road climbs up and cuts through a hill. Here is the first big pothole. From here till Khawasa our driver had to snake through the road avoiding potholes.Some drivers who were careless enough to increase their speed hit a pothole or two. At one place the road was jammed as a goods carrier and a bus were stuck up at a spot having a big pothole. The bus driver was reluctant to cross the pothole. Finally, other vehicles had to reverse for some distance to pave way for the long carrier to cross the spot.Once we entered Madhya Pradesh (MP), the drive became a nightmare. The depth of potholes was more than a foot. To add to the hazards was a narrow and a foot-deep trench on one side of the road. We came across an over-a-foot-deep trench dug across the road. We stopped there and observed the vehicles, especially heavily laden ones, struggling to cross it. Many got stuck and took minutes.Around 4.30pm, TOI came across a Nagpur-Allahabad bus of HR Travels (Allahabad) that was stranded in the forest for around 24 hours when the axle snapped on evening a day before. It was repaired after 7pm next day.Kaleem Khan, a 68-year-old resident of Fatehpur (Uttar Pradesh), said that the bus had left Nagpur at 4pm and was slated to reach Allahabad at 10am next day. \"I had purchased 250 gram sweets from Nagpur for my family. I ate the whole thing yesterday night and am hungry since morning. I could have gone to Seoni but I don't trust the driver. What if he left without me,\" the old man said.Other passengers too had similar tales to tell. Some had asked the driver and conductor to get food from Seoni but they pointed out that it was not possible because they were carrying the axle with them.Rajendra Kushwaha, a mechanic from Seoni, told TOI that axles were snapping on regular basis these days. His words were true. Further down the road we saw another stranded bus with a broken axle and then a jeep.Umesh Gupta of Dhanashree Travels reckons that HR Travels must have incurred a loss of over Rs30,000 due to the breakdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514051", "title": "Lab technology, radiotherapy students oppose privatization move", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students of medical laboratory technology and radiotherapy at the three government medical college and hospitals of the state have strongly opposed the state government's decision to privatize pathology and radiology laboratories in state-run hospitals. They said the move may result in a large number of professionally trained students remaining jobless.\"The state government's decision to handover the existing pathology and radiology units to Hindlabs - a private firm, will lead to severe career problem for hundreds of students pursuing technician courses. Most of the students get absorbed in the state-run hospitals, but once they are privatized, the private company may not hire them,\" said president of the All Odisha DMLT and DMRT students' Association, Kumuda Sahu.The government has decided to privatize existing laboratories and radiology units of 18 district headquarters hospitals and at SCB medical College and Hospital by March 2013. Besides, six referral labs will be established with a chain of 13 feeder labs in the state.\"The private company may not hire employees from the state in these labs. Hence, we have decided to sit on a dharna from December 18 in front of the assembly and would request the government to ensure that we are absorbed in these labs,\" Sahu added.About 200 pathology and radiology students pass out from the three medical colleges every year. These students have expertise in conducting ultra sound, x-ray, blood test, HIV test, ECG, MRI and other important tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514919", "title": "'Delhi police threatening, pressurizing me'", "text": "Chandigarh: The father of Chanshivroop Singh, accused-turned-approver in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, who has fled to US, on Thursday, said he would approach the Delhi high court against Delhi police for harassing him.Addressing a press conference in Chandigarh, Harminder Singh, 60, alleged that Delhi police was threatening and pressuring him to produce his son in two days. Chanshivroop, 26, was arrested for sending threatening emails to Geetika and was later released on bail. He fled to US on November 27 after appearing before a Delhi court on the same day.Harminder Singh, a resident of Mohali, alleged that Delhi police was pressurizing him to file a complaint to say that relatives and brother of former minister Gopal Kanda were threatening him and his son.\"The police want that I give in writing that my son ran away following threats from Kanda's men. The cops even offered me an already-written statement to copy in my handwriting,\" alleged Singh.\"Delhi police have asked me to produce Chanshivroop in two days giving warning that if I failed, they would implicate me and other family members in false cases,\" alleged Singh. When contacted, DCP (northwest), Delhi, P Karunakaran , refused to comment.Harminder Singh claimed that the Delhi police had taken away Chanshivroop Singh on August 9 for questioning in connection with the Geetika Sharma suicide case. Chanshivroop was an assistant manager in the human resources department in Kanda's MDLR company and reported to Aruna Chaddha.\"My son had written an email to Geetika two-three years ago on instructions of his seniors,\" Harminder Singh claimed. Chanshivroop was apprehended for his alleged role in harassing Geetika Sharma after the cops got to know that Chanshivroop had gone to Dubai at Kanda's behest to force Geetika to return to India.A senior Delhi police officer said a notice has also been served on Chanshivroop's father as he had given surety for his bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515463", "title": "Haryana mulls buying power from Bhutan", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government is now looking towards international shores to make up for the power deficit at home, which never fails to reach crisis levels during the summers. According to chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , talks are on with Bhutan for a new power purchase agreement.\"The talks at the official level are almost over, and we will soon reach an agreement,\" said a state government official. According to the terms of the agreement, around 2,000MW - almost double the volume generated by the thermal power plant in Hisar - will be bought from the country.Government representatives say that Hooda himself is planning to visit Bhutan later this month to see the deal through. \"The CM will be touring Bhutan from December 14 to 16,\" said an official.Recently, the distribution company, DHBVN, had also announced a full-scale upgrade of its supply apparatus in all its operational circles, of which Gurgaon is one. A separate campaign to reduce line losses and pilferage of power has also been launched.\"Haryana's power supply is being augmented to meet the rising demand. Four thermal power plants are running at their full capacity in the state at the moment. Besides, a nuclear plant of 2,800MW capacity is being built in Gorakhpur,\" another official said. He added that an incentive-driven supply plan was also being considered, which would ensure that consumers don't default on paying the bills on time. \"Under this plan, consumers with proper payment records will be supplied 22 hours of power every day,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518130", "title": "Rishika can relate to her 'Love Marriage Ya...' character", "text": "Rishika Mihani, who plays the lead role in Love Marriage Ya Arranged Marriage, relates to her character Shivani a lot it seems.She says, \"Shivani and Rishika are very much alike because Shivani believes in love marriage and I too believe in love marriage. Shivani is the son of the house and even I have always been treated as the 'son' of the house by my family. Shivani got married with her parents' consent and Rishika too will get married with her parents' consent. In the initial episodes the dialogues too could be related to my life and my friends used to call me and say that 'you have got a character just exactly like you'. My parents too used to laugh because Shivani and Rishika are very much alike.\"Speaking about the show, she adds, \"The feedback is good. People are liking Shivani and a lot of people can relate to it. And I get a lot of mails everyday and people ask me what's going to happen next. They call me to their hometown and share their personal lives with me and take my advice on social networking sites as well,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17513793", "title": "Coimbatore pleads case for fair treatment in forthcoming railway budget", "text": "COIMBATORE: In the face of slow progress in gauge conversion between Podanur and Pollachi on the Coimbatore-Dindigul Route and the continued evasion of Coimbatore junction by major trains, Lok Sabha members P R Natarajan and K Sukumar met Union Railway Minister Pwan Kumar Bansal, Minister of State Kotla Surya Prakash Reddy and Railway Board Chairman Vinay Mittal in Delhi and sought fair treatment for the cotton city in the forthcoming railway budget. They were accompanied by Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee members R Raveendran and S Ravi.They wanted all the remaining long distance trains which presently skip Coimbatore Junction to be rerouted via Irugur-Podanur route. The MPs also hoped for more allocation of funds in the budget for early completion of the gauge conversion. All railway budgets in the last decade were total disappointments for the city. This time we hope the railways would allocate a fare share,'' says P R Natarajan MP, who led the struggle committee.Another demand was to increase the number of coaches in Coimbatore-Mettupalayam passenger, Coimbatore-Nagercoil Express and Mayiladuthirai bound Jan Shathabdi Express. Residents also await extension of Jodhpur-Bangalore Express to Coimbatore. The demand was placed in two successive budgets in the past but failed to materialize despite the city's sizable Rajasthani population. The passenger body and MPS also demanded an additional night train to Chennai in addition to making Tirupati Express a daily train.As per railway's own estimate, over 45,000 people travel by trains from Coimbatore junction on a daily basis. During peak holiday season, passenger traffic swells up to 60,000. \"Apart from the Chennai-bound Cheran and Nilgiris express, there are no night trains originating from the city to neighbouring metros. Successive railway ministers have promised night trains to Bangalore, Thiruvanathapuram and Chennai during the last 15 years. This time, we hope to get at least one night train to Bangalore,\" said Raveendran. The city has just two trains from Coimbatore junction to Chennai and the new Duronoto runs during the day, forcing passengers who do not get tickets in night trains to take private buses. \"If the authorities are not willing to introduce new trains, they should at least increase the coaches in the existing trains,\" he added. Just one night train is being operated from Coimbatore to Bangalore. Hundreds of software professionals from Coimbatore work in Bangalore and they are forced to take night buses,\" the delegation told the ministers. The city also demands regularization of the Rameswaram Express, which resumed service recently as a summer special.The small stations in Coimbatore must be renovated urgently. If the railways has no money, we can undertake the works under public-private partnership,'' said Raveendran.The members of the struggle committee strongly emphasized the need to shift its focus on irugur -Cbe -Podanur double line by making it part of 'main trunk line' in the Chennai - Katpadi - Jolarpettai -Erode - Shoranur section. It expressed concern regarding the latest system map of southern railway showing the irugur -Coimbatore -Podanur double line as 'branch line' and the 'irugur -Podanur' single line as part of main trunk line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518560", "title": "Superstar's song teaser out online", "text": "Vijay Antony who is working on the video music album with Raghava Lawrence on Rajinikanth has released a teaser of a song from the album on the internet. Everyone knows that actor-choreographer-director Raghava Lawrence is a self-confessed fan of Rajinikanth and is all set to release the music video album on the Superstar's birthday (12th December).Vijay Antony has composed a song, listing out the positive qualities of the Superstars, and Lawrence has danced to the tunes. The album will contain just one song, and it's dedicated to all the fans of Superstar as well.The teaser released has a fast and peppy beat to it and wishes the Superstar a happy birthday and tells that Rajinikanth is the superstar all over the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516171", "title": "5 in 5: Alastair Cook's run of tons continues", "text": "This is turning out to be an Indian voyage England's Captain Cook will never forget. Having scored centuries in the first two Tests, the English opening batsman again toyed with the Indian bowling to score another ton at the Eden Gardens on Thursday.It was an emphatic statement of Alastair Cook's coming of age as a batting genius who is already being compared with greats such as Sachin Tendulkar.At only 27 years and 347 days, Cook became the youngest batsman to reach 7,000 Test runs when he was on 88, breaking Tendulkar's record of accomplishing the feat at the age of 28 years and 193 days.That was just the beginning of Cook's record breaking day: He went on to score his 23rd Test ton, the most by any England batsman, putting him up above a pantheon of big names like Walter Hammond, Colin Cowdrey, Geoffrey Boycott and Kevin Pietersen, all of whom have 22.At stumps, Cook, dropped on 17 by Cheteshwar Pujara at first slip, was batting on 136, with England only 100 runs behind India's first-innings total. Cook now has five Test centuries in a row in his first five Tests as captain.Batting legend Sunil Gavaskar, for one, feels Cook's relatively young age means he can accomplish a lot more.\"With this kind of form, and even if his form drops a little, 15,000 Test runs and 50 Test centuries are not beyond Cook,\" said Gavaskar, praising Cook's powers of concentration.\"If he can get away without serious injuries, these landmarks are not beyond him,\" Gavaskar said.Sachin Tendulkar vs Alastair Cook at 7000 runs   Sachin Tendulkar  Alastair Cook  Innings  136  151   Centuries  26  23   Double centuries  2  2   Average  57.85  50.34   Age  28 years 193 days  27 years 347 days", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17517954", "title": "Eating fewer, larger meals may help cut heart disease risk in obese women", "text": "WASHINGTON: Many health experts have supported the idea that for healthy metabolisms individuals should consume small meals multiple times a day.But a new research conducted at the University of Missouri has suggested that all-day snacking might not be as beneficial as previously thought, especially for obese women.\"Our data suggests that, for obese women, eating fewer, bigger meals may be more advantageous metabolically compared to eating smaller, more frequent meals throughout the day,\" said the study's lead author, Tim Heden, a doctoral student in MU's Department of Nutrition and Exercise Physiology.\"Eating larger meals less often lowered blood-fat levels. Over time, consistently eating fewer, larger meals each day could lower the women's blood-fat levels and thereby lower their risk of developing heart disease,\" he explained.Heden and other MU researchers studied how meal frequency affected blood-sugar and blood-fat levels in eight obese women throughout two 12-hour periods on two separate days. All of the women consumed 1,500 calories.During the two different testing days, the participants consumed three 500-calorie liquid meals or six 250-calorie liquid meals. Throughout the 12-hour time frames, researchers tested sugar and fat levels in the women's blood every 30 minutes. Women who consumed three meals had significantly lower fat in their blood.\"The mass media and many health care practitioners often advocate eating several small meals throughout the day. However, when we examined the literature, we didn't find many studies examining or supporting this popular claim. This lack of research led to our study, which is one of the first to examine how meal frequency affects insulin and blood-fat levels in obese women during an entire day of eating,\" Heden said.Heden noted that the research could help nutritionists and medical professionals develop strategies to improve the health of obese women.Obese women would benefit from consuming three balanced meals a day, Heden and Kanaley agree.The study, \"Meal Frequency Differentially Alters postprandial Triacylglycerol and Insulin Concentrations in Obese Women,\" will be published in the journal Obesity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514138", "title": "Agents trip health cover porting", "text": "MUMBAI: Health insurance portability, which has been in force for a year, has not resulted in any major churn among policyholders. Insurers say that one of the reasons could be that agents are reluctant to hand-hold customers as regulations bar commissions on ported policies.Most non-life insurance companies have reported a couple of thousands of customers who have moved out while standalone health companies were the ones to have recorded a net inflow because of portability. A public sector company said that it received a little over 4,000 proposals to shift but ultimately only half the number actually moved. One advantage with standalone companies is that they do not have to license their own agents as existing insurance agents are allowed to sell products of health companies.\"Our main distribution channel is our agency force. Since there is no commission paid to the intermediary in the year of porting, there is no incentive for the agent,\" said K G Krishnamoorthy Rao, MD &amp; CEO, Future Generali India Insurance. According to Sanjay Datta, head of underwriting and claims at ICICI Lombard, the experience of health insurance portability is comparable with telecom where the ratio of customers opting to port is not high compared to the base. \"Health cover customers are stickier compared to mobile customers as in insurance they have multiple policies with the same company and the relationship is stickier.\"Manasije Mishra, CEO (designate), Max Bupa Health, said, \"Customers are porting in through various channels, agents are also bringing in portability proposals because they know that if they keep their customers' best interests in mind, they will get their commission in subsequent years also. We are discovering that some of the older policies are for a low value and the portability benefits are available only on the original sum insured. The customer finds it prudent to buy a family floater with a larger sum insured.\"In September last year, IRDA issued its guidelines on portability of health insurance. The objective of the guidelines was to allow customers to shift from one company to another without losing their 'no claim' track record or running the risk of claims being rejected under pre-existing conditions. Insurance norms do not allow companies to use the 'pre-existing' defence if an insured has been with the company for four years.The conditions for portability were that the shift could happen only at the time of renewal and both companies are given sufficient notice. Commissions were not allowed on ported policies to discourage agents from needlessly churning policies and also it was expected to be initiated by the policyholder.According to an intermediary, one of the issues with portability is that insurers can willy-nilly be selective about proposals to shift by not having any customer touch points for portability. \"At the same time, it is not fair to force insurers to accept policies which might have been shoddily underwritten by others,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17515059", "title": "No LS nod to NTR statue installation", "text": "HYDERABAD: The row among the NTR family members on opposite ends of the political spectrum has intensified over the installation of the former chief minister's statue on the premises of Parliament with Union minister and daughter Daggubati Purandeswari claiming that she has been authorised by the Lok Sabha Speaker to go ahead with the installation and the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) calling it a bluff. Officials in the Secretariat of the Lok Sabha Speaker told TOI on Thursday that no one was authorised to donate the statue as the consensus among the family members of NTR was still not forthcoming.Responding to a query in the backdrop of Purandeswari claiming that Speaker Meira Kumar had written to her permitting to install the statue, a senior official in the Secretariat told TOI that no letter was given to anybody recently after writing to TDP and Purandeswari a couple of months ago, to come out with the consent of the family members on the issue. The Lok Sabha Secretariat had agreed for the installation of the NTR statue provided all his 11 surviving children - seven sons and four daughters - gave their consent. While 10 of them are with the TDP and its president N Chandrababu Naidu, Congress minister Purandeswari is on the other side and the two groups are doing their best to take the credit for the installation of the statue.\"There is no question of issuing a letter to anyone permitting the installation of the statue. The Speaker had asked TDP and Purandeswari to come with the letter signed by all the family members. Nobody has come up with any such letter. The letters submitted by TDP and Purandeswari do not have the signatures of all the family members,\" the official said.He said Purandeswari had come to the secretariat on Wednesday with two models of the statue of NTR, but that no official communication was conveyed to her on the installation of the statue.Daggubati Venkateswar Rao, Purandeswari's husband, said his wife had all the rights to sponsor the statue as the Speaker had given her the nod. \"We showed the two models of the statue to the officials and they said any one of them could be selected. We will make all the arrangements for the installation on May 28, 2013, NTR's birthday,\" said Venakateswara Rao. He said Guntur-based sculptor Mayachari was sculpting a 9-ft high bronze statue and it would be ready well within time.However, TDP leaders cried hoarse saying the Speaker had not permitted Purandeswari to sponsor the statue.\"Purandeswari is trying to play politics in the statue issue. She is misleading the public by claiming that the Speaker has given her permission. Purandeaswri has written to the Speaker so has the TDP, and we are yet to receive the official response,\" said Nama Nageswar Rao, leader of the TDP parliamentary party.Terming Purandeswari's claim as a political ploy, Lakshmi Parvathi, NTR's widow, called upon TDP and the Union minister to stop playing politics on the issue. She said Purandeswari had no right to sponsor the statue being a Congress leader, as her husband opposed the party all along.TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu had written to the Speaker, in September this year, requesting her to expedite the process of installation of the statue. While Purandeswari wrote a separate letter, the Speaker had kept the matter pending citing the lack of consensus of the family members.The Lok Sabha Secretariat had agreed for the installation of the NTR statue provided all his 11 surviving children - seven sons and four daughters - gave their consent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514672", "title": "Road accidents claim 140 annually", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Wide roads and planned infrastructure notwithstanding, Chandigarh loses nearly 140 people to road accidents every year. This translates into one life lost every two-and-a-half days.To make matters worse, the number of accidents is on the rise and people between the age group of 15 to 40 years are at the receiving end. According to data with the Chandigarh traffic police, 40 to 50% of casualties over the last five years have occurred in this age group.Traffic police records show that 156 persons were killed in road accidents in 2007. Of them, 81 were in the age-group of 15 to 40 years. In 2011, 136 deaths were reported in road accidents in the city and 56 of the victims were in this age group. Till December 2, 2012, 118 lives were lost in road accidents. More than 42% of the victims were aged between 15 and 40 years. \"Efforts are on to minimize the number of road accidents in Chandigarh. We have these figures in mind and we are targeting residents in city schools, colleges and offices to get them to follow traffic rules and avoid road accidents,\" said Manish Chaudhary, superintendent of police (traffic), Chandigarh.Police attributed most of the accidents to human error. Human error is compounded by the high vehicle density in Chandigarh, where there are more than 8 lakh registered vehicles for a population of more than 11 lakh. Besides, more than 100 vehicles are added to Chandigarh roads every day.Police have scrutinized accident prone areas in the city and have accordingly suggested engineering changes to the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512975", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation has no funds to pay contractors", "text": "NAGPUR: Facing a drought of funds Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) is now scraping the bottom to pay the bills due to contractors who were allotted work in the Gosikhurd dam project. With no other fund source, the agency has started refunding the security deposit which is taken from the contractors when the work begins. However, this has only generated a small fraction of the total amount owed to the contractors.Security deposit is taken as a measure to ensure that the contractors promptly finish the work. Normally the deposit is refunded only when the work is over. However, now it is being released to clear the existing due, even though the work remains incomplete. The money is being adjusted against the due payable for part of the work done so far. In normal course it should have been paid from grants received from central or state government.As usual the action has raked up a controversy. In the first batch Rs9 crore was paid to 14 contractors. This includes big players like Sanchetis, whose joint venture firm got Rs50 lakh. When others queued up for the getting their dues cleared, VIDC said that the matter will have to be referred to the board of directors first. For those who have been paid earlier a post-facto approval will be taken. This has irked other contractors who are questioning as to why prior permission was not taken for the bigger players. On this the VIDC bosses simply put that it was because the board was not scheduled to meet at the time.Officials say that with empty coffers, VIDC had no other choice but to use the security deposit. In all the cases the amount due to the contractors is much more than the deposit which is just 4% of the contract's value.Payments in Gosikhurd depend on central assistance, but this has been put on hold due to complaints of shoddy work and other procedural delays. An amount of over Rs650 crore is awaited from the centre.\"This was a special measure and there are more applications pending with us, funds will be released as and when the board approves the proposals,\" said VIDC's executive director Prafulchandra Zapke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517533", "title": "SVSC audio launch postponed?", "text": "The audio release date of 'Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu' (SVSC) has been postponed as one of the heroes of the movie Victory Venkatesh is unavailable on December 15.Reportedly, Venkatesh is going out of station and he'll be back again on December 16. Other side, the movie will release for pongal, 2013 in record number of screens. Currently, a duet song on Mahesh Babu and Samantha is being shot in Pune and a song on Venkatesh would be shot shortly. Except for this the entire shooting of 'SVSC' is completed.Dil Raju is producing SVSC on Venkateswara Creations banner, while Srikanth Addala wields the megaphone. Mickey J Meyer is scoring the music for SVSC.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514090", "title": "Govt mulls changes in Apartment Ownership Act", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The government is planning to make formation of housing societies in apartments a time-bound process. It is also mulling to give tenants the same rights and responsibilities to use apartment facilities as that of owners.These were the initial suggestions made during a recent deliberation on amendment of the Odisha Apartment Ownership Act 1982, sources said. CRISIL, a policy advisory company, has been helping the government to make relevant changes in the Act.CRISIL has done a comparison of apartment ownership Acts of Maharashtra, Bihar and Odisha. \"We had a meeting with various stake holders including builders, Odisha State Housing Board, city development agencies and registrar of cooperative societies to get their feedback on the required changes in the three-decade-old Act,\" director, town planning, P K Patnaik told TOI on Thursday. \"We will make a draft of the proposed amendment bill soon,\" Patnaik added.Though the existing 1982 Act also stipulates formation of apartment owners' association (AOA), there is no clarity on when the association should be formed and under whose initiative. Several apartments are functioning without formation of such formal associations. Under the proposed amendment, it will be the responsibility of builders to form the association, register it under the Societies Registration Act and handover the control to owners. The AOA will be required to make financial accounting and disclosure of accounts as required under the Societies Registration Act.Apartment owners or tenants not abiding by housing society byelaws such as contributing for common expenses will face legal action. Though the existing provisions also make payment of such charges binding, there is no clarity on what will happen if one doesn't pay the charges.CRISIL has suggested that tenants should have similar rights and obligations towards the apartments as that of the apartment owner. The existing provisions are silent on them. The agency also suggested that when an owner transfers or sells his house, he has to take no objection certificate of AOA. In case of conflict of ownership of an apartment, the AOA would be custodian of the property.Realtors said the government should make wider consultations before preparing the draft. \"The government should take suggestions from all quarters before making a draft. Disputes and litigations involving apartments are on the rise as the apartment living population is increasing at a fast pace,\" said real estate developers association of Odisha president Pradipta Kumar Biswasray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17513968", "title": "Stir by music students", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Students of performing and visual arts of Utkal Sangeet Mahavidyalaya (USM) have alleged that the state government did not take any step to provide them jobs. Despite provisions, over 15,000 students from different disciplines are running from pillar to post to get jobs since the inception of USM in 1949. The students started an indefinite strike in front of the assembly on Thursday.\"The college is going to celebrate its golden jubilee next year, but the students are left in the lurch. Only 2% students are maintaining their livelihood through film industry and other occupations while the rest 98% are still unemployed,\" said Simantini Mishra, a PG student of violin.The USM has been offering specialized courses like intermediate of music (IMUS), bachelor of music (BMUS) and master of music (MMUS) in 10 disciplines - Odissi vocal music, Hindustani vocal music, Odissi dance, Chhau dance, Odissi pakhawaj, tabla, flute, violin, sitar and drama. The college has been churning out around 20 students every year.Students said as per the provisions in the Right to Education (RTE) Act, it is mandatory to fill up art teacher posts for imparting art education, including music, dance, drama, fine art and painting, health and physical education and work education in upper primary schools. Had the state government created at least one art teacher post in every primary school, nodal school and high school then hundreds of students would have got engaged, they said.\"It is unfortunate that art education, which was an optional subject in general education, was removed from curriculum in 1991 without a proper thought about future of its practitioners,\" said Anil Kumar Mohapatra, another student.\"We have discussed the matter several times with both culture and school and mass education ministers, but no action has been taken. They had assured us that formal notification for art teacher posts will be announced by November 30, but nothing happened,\" said Jyoti Prakash Sahu, another student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513765", "title": "About 40% LPG consumers yet to fill KYC forms", "text": "PUNE: After about two lakh LPG customers in the city submitted the know your customer (KYC) forms, oil marketing companies have initiated steps to update the data of every customer in a digitized format. The official of an oil company said that data of about 90,000 KYC forms has been saved in a digital format till now.The government had set a deadline of November 30 for customers having multiple gas connections to submit KYC forms to respective gas agency offices. Customers having multiple connections with same address were expected to submit the forms.The gas agency offices in the city recorded a huge rush of customers before the deadline, which, however was extended up to December 31 by the Union government. The oil companies have received about 2 lakh forms so far.An oil company official said, \"Once the data is saved in a digitized format, we will be able to access it as and when required. The data will help maintain the record of every customer. The oil marketing companies would be able to share the data if required.\"The oil marketing companies on Thursday appealed to the customers to fill and submit the KYC form before the newly set deadline. As per the estimates, around 40% of targeted customers in the city are yet to fill the forms. The officials clarified that there was no shortage of blue books (domestic gas consumer cards). The books are available with the gas agencies and customers can ask for the same.The gas agency owners said that though the deadline has been extended by a month, there was still a rush of customers to submit KYC forms in some areas of the city.A gas agency owner in the Shivajinagar area said that still many customers have not submitted the forms. To avoid rush on December 31, the customers have been urged to submit the form as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chonburi", "code": "17518400", "title": "Chopra moves ahead to share lead in Thai Golf Championships", "text": "CHONBURI: Shrugging off the disappointment of missing a PGA Tour card, Indian-origin Swede golfer Daniel Chopra was sharing the lead but the Indians in fray were struggling when thunderstorm stopped play at the Thailand Golf Championships.Flawless through his round of 67 on the first day, at the end of which he was placed tied third, Chopra was four-under through 14 holes with five birdies and one bogey to have a share of the lead at nine-under.Sharing the lead with him at nine-under was Masanori Kobayishi of Japan, who was five-under through nine holes in second round after shooting four-under 68 on first.Overnight leader, Charl Schwartzel (65) was yet to start his second round as Hunter Mahan with a streak of six birdies in seven holes on back nine, his first nine on second day, also moved to seven-under for 30 holes.On the opening day, Jyoti Randhawa was the best Indian as he carded a three-under 69 on Thursday. But Randhawa was two-over through eight holes in second round and had dropped to just one-under after 26 holes.Randhawa, one of the 11 Indians in the field, was four behind the leader, 2011 Masters winner, Charl Schawartzel of South Africa. Randhawa had six birdies and three bogeys.Chopra was in red-hot form with the putter as he needed just 23 putts during his round of 67 that was bogey free and had five birdies.\"I putted beautifully, even the putts that didn't go in. I had a whole bunch that hit the edge of the hole. So it was beautiful. I love coming back and putting on these greens in Asia. I feel comfortable on them and they are easy for me to read,\" said Chopra.Anirban Lahiri and Ajeetesh Sandhu, were a shot behind Randhawa while Gaganjeet Bhullar, a four-time winner on Asian Tour, is a another shot adrift at 71.Chiragh Kumar and Shiv Kapur shot one-over 73 each, but Himmat Rai and Digvijay Singh went two-over 74. SSP Chowrasia struggled to a 76 as did Shankar Das and veteran Gaurav Ghai carded 79.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513117", "title": "11 cops face prosecution for Saleem Lala fake encounter", "text": "BHOPAL: Stage is set for prosecution of 11 policemen in connection with the 2005 encounter of opium smuggler Saleem Lala, after the Madhya Pradesh high court and session court in Mandsaur refused to accept their plea to drop charges against them.His family has now demanded a CBI inquiry into the case claiming the then superintendent of police (SP) R K Chaudwary and then deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Vijay Katariya were also involved in the encounter.Saleem Lala was killed in an alleged encounter in Mandsaur district's Akodda village on May 18, 2006. Police claimed Lala was killed in cross firing. He had jumped payroll from Mandsaur jail in March 2004. Lala was wanted by police in four states including Gujarat, Tamil Nadu , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.However, his family members moved court demanding a magisterial inquiry claiming that he was killed by the policemen in a fake encounter while he was travelling towards Lasudia from Rajasthan.On September 23, 2011, a lower court in Mandsaur issued orders to prosecute all 11 policemen under section 302 and 201 of IPC after hearing a revision petition filed by Saleem Lala's father Pirshed Khan.Those charged were - then sub-inspector Ajay Mishra, assistant sub-inspector Omkar Lal, head constable Harinder Singh, constables Sunil Singh, Shivraj Singh, Ajit Singh , Rajveer Singh, Sunil Tailor, home guards Ayyub and Shankar Singh.These police personal had approached high court challenging the lower court's order claiming that the investigations against them was one sided and they were not given a chance to submit their explanation.Subsequently, HC referred the matter to session courts in the district. However the session court did not find any merit in their submission and subsequently it was referred back, with orders to register case against the policemen, to the trial court which was conducting the trial in this case.On Thursday, Pirshad Khan and other family members of Salim Lala demanded a CBI inquiry into the encounter claiming the then superintendent of police (SP) R K Chaudwary and then Deputy Inspector General (DIG) Vijay Katariya are equally responsible for the alleged encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "penh (cambodia)", "code": "17518346", "title": "Spiders for lunch at ASEAN rally", "text": "PENH (Cambodia): Creepy-crawlies on the dining table is hardly a fascinating thought unless one happens to be in Cambodia where hesitant drivers of the ASEAN car rally ended up enjoying deep fried tarantula spiders and crickets during a halt.The Tarantula spiders, a popular snack in this part of the world, were served along with crickets, as starters at the Solar Cafe, where the convoy stopped for lunch.The moment the spiders and crickets were served on the table, it aroused curiosity among the participants but they began gorging on them in no time.One of the Team India drivers, Ejji K Umamhaesh, who calls himself an omnivorous, enjoyed the experience quite a lot.\"I had the tarantula spiders in 2004. It was delicious and I was waiting to have it again. There is a village around 40km from here, they breed spiders there and now the village is known as Spider Ville,\" he said.\"These spiders are fried along with the eggs and excreta as it is not possible to remove them,\" he added.Adventure Overland co-owner Tushar Agarwal, who is driving car no 9 for Team India, had the tarantula spiders for the first time.\"Well, I was scared initially but it was good. It tasted like chicken. I had two of them and it was delicious.\"In the Cambodian town of Skuon, the vending of fried spiders as a specialty snack is a popular attraction for tourists passing through this town.Spiders are also available elsewhere in Cambodia -- in Phnom Penh for instance -- but Skuon, a market town on the highway 75 kilometres from the capital, is the centre of their popularity.Another Team India driver, Jyoti Kalash, who is also a senior IAS officer and an actor, said it is all about getting over fears.\"Last year, I had tried but I could not as I had a mental block. But this time I had it and it tasted good. I liked it,\" he said.Esther Ding, the owner of Solar Cafe, said: \"I bought these spiders fresh today especially for the rally participants. One spider here costs around 50 cent and they are a hit with the tourists.\"While some enjoyed it, there were some who decided to not to give in to the temptation of the crispy tarantulas.\"Well, I have a mental block. I know nothing will happen and I am sure it is delicious but I prefer not to try it,\" a participant said.Bijoy Kumar, Chief Mahindra Adventure initiatives, was scared of spiders since childhood but he finally exorcised his fears.\"I have been scared all my life of spiders, so I was scared to see it in the plate. But its okay now, it tastes like chicken wings,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514944", "title": "Journey of women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s studies charted at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Department-cum-Centre for Women's Studies and Development ( DCWSD) of Panjab University commenced its silver jubilee celebrations on Thursday.Celebrations were inaugurated by Vice Chancellor Arun Kumar Grover.In his address the vice chancellor emphasized the need for more interdisciplinary courses.Delivering the special lecture, titled \"Mapping the Journey of Women's Studies in India\", Pam Rajput, founder director of the centre, as well as member, high level committee on the status of women in India and convener, core group of the committee, traced the evolution of women's studies in India in general and the centre for women's studies, Panjab University, in particular.She narrated how Panjab University had hosted the third national conference of Indian Association of Women's Studies in 1986 at the height of militancy in Punjab. While also talking about her personal experiences, she emphasized the need to look critically into the issue of where women studies stands today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17514940", "title": "Extroverts more likely to live longer, says study", "text": "London: Gorillas with an outgoing personality live longer - just like humans - than their introvert peers, a new study has found.An international team of researchers looked at the role of personality by studying 298 gorillas in North American zoos and sanctuaries for over 18 years. The gorillas' personalities were assessed by keepers, volunteers, researchers and caretakers who knew the gorillas well. Their personality was scored with measures adapted from techniques for studying people and other primates.\"These findings highlight how understanding the natural history of personality is vital to insuring the continued well-being of humans, gorillas and other great apes,\" Alex Weiss from School of Philosophy, Psychology and Language Sciences.The study showed that out of four personality traits - dominance, extroversion, neuroticism and agreeableness - extroversion was tied to longer survival, the University Of Edinburgh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513078", "title": "Foreign national, 2 others held from Kolar house", "text": "BHOPAL: Three women , including a foreign national were picked up on suspicion by police from a house in Sagar Kunj in Kolar area here late on Wednesday. The raid was conducted after the local residents complained of suspicious activities taking place in the house.However, police have not found anything objectionable so far. \"Three women, one Russian, another from Assam and the third from New Delhi were in the house. Besides, there was also a photographer. A birthday party was going on in the house when the police reached there. Police have not found anything objectionable so far but the investigation is still underway,\" said city superintendent of police, Rajesh Bhadoria.The Kolar police said no case has been registered for the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17513239", "title": "Senior official reviews enforcement directorate's activities in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The special director of enforcement directorate (ED), Balesh Kumar, reviewed the ED's activities during his maiden visit to the office here on Thursday. It was a few months back that the ED was given power by the government to tackle cases of financial frauds under PMLA (Prevention of Money Laundering ) Act. Cases being tackled by his office here also fall under Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA). While there are 54 cases under FEMA, the ED (Indore) is currently investigating 38 cases under PMLA, said a source familiar with the development. However, the enforcement agency has been able to attach property and file cases against the accused in five cases only.Kumar is likely to review cases under both FEMA and PMLA when he visits the office here on Friday. Also, he is likely to interact with all the five investigation officers of the department on the day, added the source.Meanwhile, the ED is all set to file chargesheet against two accused including Rajesh Nim of Central Bank of India and Ashok Sharma, the suspended clerk of Ujjain treasury. Some of the important cases that have been handled by the ED in Indore during the current year so far include the IAS couple Arvind Joshi and Tinu Joshi case and the high profile land scam case of Sugni Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513748", "title": "Now, solve garbage problems through SMS", "text": "PUNE: Any complaints regarding garbage disposal can now be taken up with the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) through SMS.The sanitation committee of the National Society for Clean Cities (NSCC) held a meeting with municipal officials recently during which the details of the initiative were shared.\"The NSCC has been asking the PMC to set up a citizen-friendly system by which people can bring complaints regarding garbage and cleanliness to the notice of the PMC. During the meeting, PMC officials shared the details of the SMS service to resolve garbage-related complaints,\" said a statement issued by the NSCC.Citizens should send SMS to 9223050607 giving details about the area, name of the ward and details of the problem. The PMC will forward the complaint to the relevant department at the ward office for redressal. The complainant will immediately get a return SMS mentioning the complaint number.Format of the SMSALERT G NAME OF WARD NAME OF AREA COMPLAINT IN BRIEF. SMS this to 9223050607.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514703", "title": "Almost lost his life, but FIR reads \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcattack for theft\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has been about three weeks since four unidentified assailants broke into the third story house of 32-year old software engineer and law graduate Vikram Dev Singh Sarang in Sector 50 and attacked him with a dozen bricks, leaving him almost dead. Vikram and his wife have been running from one official to another just to get proper charges included in the FIR.Vikram's wife Bindiya Sharma said they were stunned to know that Sector 34 cops had only slapped charges of attack with the intention of theft against assailants. \"They hadn't stolen anything but just Vikram's cell phone, so that he is unable to call anyone to help after they left him almost dead. All the jewellery and cash were left untouched,\" said Bindiya, who has met the SSP, UT, seeking fair investigation in the case that according to her, \"was an attempt to murder\", but the charges in the FIR haven't been altered yet. Vikram, who is still recovering from the injuries of the attack, said he had narrated the incident to explain cops how it was a clear attempt to murder as they snatched his cell phone so that he couldn't arrange for help. \"The police did not note down this version and told my wife repeatedly they were trying to trace the mobile and would nab the accused whenever the phone is switched on,\" he added.Bindiya was at her maternal residence and Vikram was alone when the assailants entered his house and attacked him while he was sleeping. He claimed he had even provided some lead in regard to the attack to the police. SHO of Sector 34 police station Diwan Singh said, \"Vikram's medical report from GMCH-32 is awaited in the investigation. It could either be a personal dispute or a professional one can be established only after any suspect's arrest.\"However, the couple, who were residing in a rented accommodation in Sector 50, have moved to Panchkula in the view of security. The crime branch and operation cell sleuths are investigating the attack simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17513630", "title": "Unaided schools can be given aided status if needed: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The state government should allow conversion of an unaided school into the aided category if it has necessary infrastructure and if there is need for an aided school in the area, the Kerala high court has ruled. The order by justice P R Ramachandra Menon was issued while considering a petition by the manager of Kuttamboor Higher Secondary School at Punnassery in Kozhikode, challenging denial of change of status.Allowing the petition, the court held: If the petitioner has all the requisite credentials and 'need of the area' has been considered and recommended by the committee (district-level committee), the petitioner shall be granted sanction to convert the existing unaided higher secondary school to be in the aided sector.Along with the challenge raised on the denial to allow conversion, the school management had produced news reports of the then education minister's speech in June and July 2003, stating that unaided schools with more than 50% pass percentage in SSLC examinations would be allowed to be converted to aided schools.When the government issued a notification in June 2010 inviting applications for starting higher secondary courses, the school management applied, pointing out that the nearest higher secondary school was 12km away and that the school has been consistently delivering good results.When their application was rejected, the school management approached the court contending that as the school has enough land and the area where the school is situated is in need of an aided school, the application should have been allowed by the government.The district-level committee comprising the district collector, panchayat president and deputy director of education had also certified the need of an aided higher secondary school in the area in June 2010, the management pointed out.Though the government contended that the application for change of status was rejected after considering the district-level committee's report, the court ruled that an effective analysis doesn't seem to have been made by the government.The report by the committee's chairman regarding the need of the area was submitted on July 19, 2010 while government's order granting sanction to 178 schools based on the report was passed the very next day, the court pointed out. Ruling in favour of the school management, the court asked the government to pass a detailed order granting aided status to the school within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17513131", "title": "Repairs on Kalindi Kunj bridge start on December 15", "text": "NOIDA: Commuters who frequently use the Kalindi Kunj bridge between Delhi and Noida are in for tough times ahead as it has now been finalized that the Okhla barrage will be closed for repairs for two months starting December 15. Both carriageways of the road will be shut for a month in turns.The Delhi Traffic Police have also turned down Noida's suggestion of halving the available carriageway to allow two-way movement in writing. Only one-way traffic movement will be allowed on the bridge and commuters will need to find another way to travel.The repair work of restoring the decrepit bridge will be undertaken by the Uttar Pradesh PWD and irrigation department. According to the plan, the Delhi-Noida stretch will be closed first for a month from December 15 to January 14.Similarly, no traffic will be allowed on the opposite carriageway (from Noida to Delhi) from January 15 to February 14 to facilitate the repair work.Delhi Traffic Police has stood by its earlier suggestion that only one side should be allowed to move as usual and the other side be diverted through DND and Nizamuddin Bridge. For commuters this would mean a detour of 20-30km.As per an earlier proposal, the bridge was to be closed for traffic completely. But the Delhi Traffic Police had suggested to keep at least one side open to avoid chaos. \"It will be better to allow one-way traffic only. This will help both states in managing traffic better,\" said a senior Delhi Traffic Police officer.During the two months, PWD will carry out repair on expansion joints and rocker roller bearings of the bridge. The bridge, which connects Noida, Delhi, Ghaziabad and Faridabad via Kalindi Kunj, has not seen any repair except for some patchwork since it was built.Considering the steadily increasing vehicular pressure on the bridge and its state of disrepair, the UP irrigation department had written to traffic police officers in Delhi and Gautam Budh Nagar earlier this month to take immediate steps for repair work.\"Since its inception in 1984, the traffic on the bridge has increased manifold. After conducting recent inspections, we found that if repair work was not undertaken immediately there could be a mishap considering the enormous density of vehicles using the bridge,\" said RS Yadav, executive engineer, head works, UP irrigation. \"The repairs are expected to come at an estimated cost of nearly Rs 4 crore,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "17514469", "title": "Petrol bunk cashier misuses fleet card", "text": "THANJAVUR: A cashier of a petrol bunk in Kumbakonam was found misappropriating Rs 11.18 lakh through the smart cards meant for filling fuel to two vehicles of '108' emergency ambulance services being funded by the Tamil Nadu health department. The Kumbakonam taluk police registered a case against the cashier but are yet to arrest him.A complaint in this connection was lodged by B Ravishankar, the district manager of '108' ambulance service, Thanjavur. According to his complaint, the cashier Kesavan from Kumbakonam working at a Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) petrol bunk in Kumbakonam misappropriated Rs 11.18 lakh during the period between April 2011 and October 2012 through the smart cards meant for filling diesel for two ambulance vehicles.Ravishankar told TOI that the government has put a ceiling of Rs 3,000 daily for each vehicle for fuel through the fleet cards provided by the BPCL . In this case, the two ambulances in Kumbakonam used to fill diesel in the particular petrol bunk for a long time. Usually, the fleet card should be returned to the driver of the ambulance concerned after swiping for payment. But Kesavan used to keep the cards with him citing network problem or power failure for the delay in debiting the payment. He used to handover the cards to the ambulance drivers concerned after one or two days. Usually, the two vehicles filled the petrol once in two days. During that particular interval, the cashier allegedly use to misuse the two cards and gradually pocketed a huge amount.The irregularity came to light in the yearly accounts auditing of ambulance vehicles in September 2012. However, the transaction through the two cards was blocked in October 2012. During the period, the officials kept vigil on the cashier to find out any network behind his activity and later lodged a complaint, said Ravishankar.K Mahadevan, the inspector of Kumbakonam Taluk police told TOI on Thursday, \"We have registered the case against Kesavan late on Wednesday on a direction by the Thanjavur SP T S Anbu. Since, the police were involved in security measures today (Thursday), the accused Kesavan would be detained and interrogated on Friday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514810", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation writes to local bodies secretary for grants", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following some of the financial grants under both plan and non-plan heads not being released, the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation on Thursday has written a detailed letter to the home-cum-local bodies' secretary, stating that the situation has been getting from bad to worse due to non-release of grants.The MC has requested for the release of the grants as soon as possible for the smooth functioning of the civic body.Sources in the MC said that the secretary, local bodies was told that due to non-release of grants, they had to withdraw Rs 100 crore from the MC's fixed deposit accounts, which was largely given to the engineering wing for developmental works like construction, widening and re-carpeting of roads and for giving salaries to MC employees.\"UT's finance wing has to give at-least three financial grants each under plan and non-plan heads till November. However under the plan head, we have got only one and under the non-plan head, we have received two grants.The situation has led to huge financial problems for us because grants under the non-plan head are purely for salaries of employees, submission of bills and other internal expenses of the civic body authority. Besides that the grant under plan head is purely for developmental works\", said an MC official, requesting anonymity.According to the decision, the Chandigarh administration has to release Rs 146.60 crore to the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation in the current financial year under the plan head, out of which till now they have got only one grant of Rs 36.65 crore in the month of April. Under the non-plan head, Rs 49 crore is pending with the UT administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512842", "title": "Sinor railway official Yadav, 2 others in CBI net", "text": "NAGPUR: Anti-corruption wing of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has jolted the central railways by netting three senior officials while accepting bribe in simultaneous action. A senior divisional engineer is among the three nabbed along with an office superintendent and another head clerk.CBI sources informed that GS Yadav, senior divisional engineer (coordination), central railway, was caught taking bribe of Rs 3.53 lakh at his official bungalow at Civil Lines. Office superintendent Kumar Sanjay and head clerk Mohd Muzammil, alias Shakil were nabbed taking bribe of Rs 1 lakh each at Maharajbagh club. Three separate offences have been registered and searches have begun at different places. The action under superintendent of police, CBI, Sandeep Tamgadge were carried out by senior inspectors Pradeep Lande, Hemant Kharabe, KK Singh, Hanumant Jangid, sub-inspector Tarun Sinha and other officials.It is learnt that the officials had been pressuring a private civil contractor Ritesh Surana for the bribes to clear his bill and also sanction a project. While an amount of Rs 15 crore is due to the contractor for works already done, another contract for supplying ballast for the tracks worth Rs 3.53 crore was on the verge of being awarded to him. Sources in CBI said that Surana was to sign an agreement with the railways for the new work. The officials were demanding bribes before the agreement could be signed.The contractor approached CBI and the sleuths laid a trap. It is learnt that Muzammil, who had the membership of the private club, had asked Surana to pay money to him and his senior colleague there. The CBI squads have also initiated searches at the residence of Kumar at Ambazari layout and that of Muzammil at Nelson Square. Sources said another Rs 50,000/- was found on the person of Muzammil that he claimed to be his personal money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512790", "title": "Government transfers top policemen", "text": "PANAJI: The government effected a reshuffle of superintendents of police on Thursday.O P Mishra, who was SP (crime), has been transferred and posted as SP(anti-narcotics cell). Omprakash Kurtadkar has been posted as SP (crime), following his transfer from SP( Konkan railway).Shekhar Prabhudesai is posted as SP (South) and given additional charge of SP (PCR South), while Allen de Sa, who is on long leave, is posted as SP(coastal police) and economic offences cell. Mangaldas Desai, who was SP (deputy commandant of home guard) has been made SP (Konkan railway). North Goa SP Vijay Singh is given additional charge of North Goa PCR. SP (traffic) Vishram Borkar wil also look after tourist police and deputy commandant (home guards).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17512855", "title": "State's '25% condition' on irrigation projects is disastrous", "text": "The white paper on irrigation recently issued by the state government contains a recommendation that can prove disastrous for Vidarbha, and we will oppose it tooth and nail. It says that the projects nearing completion should be given priority while work on new and incomplete ones should be stopped, until the former are completed. Incomplete projects have been defined as those where less than 25% work has been completed.When you examine the irrigation data in the state, you will realize that most incomplete dams are in Vidarbha, while most projects nearing completion are in Western Maharashtra. So, if the condition is accepted as it is, money meant for our projects will once again be diverted elsewhere.This year Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) has available Rs4,500 crore, which is 2.5 times the funds available with Maharashtra Krishna Valley Irrigation Development Corporation (MKVIDC) and Marathwada Godawari Irrigation Development Corporation (MGIDC). There are 115 projects in MKVIDC, which require Rs17,850 crore for completion at present rates. The figures for MGIDC is 156 projects and Rs15,003 crore. VIDC's requirement is far higher at Rs30,544 crore. It is clear that MKVIDC and MGIDC need a lot of money even now, and this can come only by diverting money meant for other areas.There are 98 projects in Vidarbha in the incomplete (below 25%) category. Work on all projects in the Naxal-hit Gadchiroli district and Washim district, which have one of the highest irrigation backlog, would stop. Many major projects are also in incomplete category, including Jigaon (Buldhana), Human (Chandrapur) and Lower Penganga (Yavatmal). There are some more projects that could be affected: Wardha barrage (Yavatmal), Ajansara barrage (Wardha), Pedhi barrage (Amravati) and Pench high level canal (Nagpur).I will take up this issue on priority basis. We won't allow Vidarbha to be deprived of funds once again, because lack of irrigation ultimately affects farmers. Vidarbha does not have much irrigation and the level of agrarian distress is very high, this is not mere coincidence.It is a matter of great regret that the white paper on irrigation has not exposed the massive irregularities in VIDC and water resources department (WRD). Gosikhurd project has maximum corruption. The estimates were prepared at costs far above the district schedule of rates (DSR) without any justification. How come rate of construction materials were higher for Gosikhurd project only? The suppliers don't supply the same thing at different rates to different buyers.I had lodged a complaint with central government, which has taken cognisance. Unfortunately, the white paper does not even mention the irregularities.Also, students of OBC and VJNT are not getting their scholarship money, as a result of which many private academic institutions are not allowing them to attend classes. There is lack of coordination between state and central governments, and students are paying the price. These students comprise over 60% of the population. Such shabby treatment to them reflects very badly on our welfare state.As for Chandrapur district, the population has increased a lot and it is high time that it is split into two. The people of Chimur want the town to be the headquarter of a new district. The first agitation against British in Central India started from Chimur and hence it has a special status. I plan to take up this issue on priority basis as the representative of people of Chimur.Vidarbha is backward in some sectors. It is lagging behind other regions in things like road, industrialization, unemployment , etc. Special attention must be paid to these areas to bring the region at par with the developed ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518180", "title": "Anushka to romance Sathyaraj?", "text": "Director Suresh Krishna, who has given several blockbusters such as Annamalai, Veera, Baasha with the Super Star and Satya, Aalavandhan with Kamal Hassan in Tamil is back with cracker of a cast for his next after his 'Ilaignan' starring Pa Vijay which released in 2011.The director seems to have roped in Satyaraj for his racy script which has all the commercial elements included in it. The veteran actor is said to have accepted the role immediately after hearing the script and the interesting part is that the director has managed to get the glamour queen Anushka to play Sathyaraj's heroine.Both the actors seemed to have loved the script and have given the nod to the director and the project could well start rolling soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514606", "title": "Punjab and Haryana high court\u00e2\u20ac\u02dclawyer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 booked for degree fraud", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The vigilance wing of the Chandigarh police booked an advocate of the Punjab and Haryana high court, Ashok Kumar , for practising law on a fake degree.A retired senior assistant with Lucknow University, Ram Chander, was also arrested for colluding with Ashok.The controller of examination, Lucknow University verified Ashok's law degree and found it to be fake.Vigilance officials said the degree had been registered with the Bar Council of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.Vigilance officials said the role of some former officials of Lucknow University is under the scanner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514631", "title": "Mayawati changes tack, will help government carry FDI debate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Politics is the art of the possible, goes the adage. BSP chief Mayawati stretched the limit of possibilities to a new frontier altogether on Thursday when in a breathtaking political pirouette, she declared her intention to vote for the government over FDI in multi-brand retail.The stunning about-face came within less than 24 hours of BSP's denunciation of the FDI decision in Lok Sabha, where the party staged a walkout. This marks the first instance where a party has taken different positions in the two Houses, that too in a matter of hours. Mayawati's announcement now reduces Friday's vote in Rajya Sabha to a matter of mere academic interest.In her speech, Mayawati justified the about-turn by expressing concern that a defeat for the government in the Rajya Sabha would cripple it, while also quarrelling with the BJP that she was acting out of fear of the CBI. She, in fact, suggested that the BJP, under Vajpayee, had \"misused\" the CBI to try to coerce her into having an alliance for the 2004 LS polls.The manoeuvre stunned the opposition, collapsing its hopes to inflict a defeat on the government, but also came as a welcome surprise for Congress managers.BSP spurned Congress overtures till WednesdayUntil Wednesday evening, the BSP spurned Congress's overture for a yes vote in Rajya Sabha on FDI in retail. After helping the government indirectly in Lok Sabha by skipping Wednesday's vote on FDI \u00e2\u20ac\u201d just as its rival SP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d BSP told Congress managers it could not change its stance in Rajya Sabha.But by late Wednesday night, the BSP supremo seemed ready to rethink her position after a meeting with parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath . At the meeting where Mayawati's close aide Satish Mishra was also present, she suddenly warmed up to Nath's argument that the vote on FDI meant taking a political call on BSP's posture towards the \"communal\" BJP.It is understood that Congress managers played on BJP's harsh remarks about Mayawati's alleged penchant to seek cooperation in private while running down the saffron outfit in public. While speaking on Thursday afternoon, Mayawati attributed her switch to the realization that defeat in RS would have rendered the government a lame duck. She said, \"If the opposition's motion goes through tomorrow, then they will get a political boost and the House will not function... many important legislations will go on the backburner.\"The formulation hardly sits well with the abandon with which BSP has brought down governments in Delhi as well as in Lucknow in the past. Mayawati stressed BSP had agreed to vote with the UPA after it became convinced that the FDI policy would not be forced upon the states.Mayawati also took a sharp dig at leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj , referring to the fable of a hungry fox who cried foul as it could not reach a branch of luscious grapes. \"It was a short fox,\" Mayawati said, making no bones about who she had in mind.Her pronouncements were a boost to the government as a defeat in RS would have been ingnominous, what with the PM being the leader of the Upper House. Congress managers claim UPA would have squeaked through even without BSP, but this didn't seem so clear given the coalescing of anti-Congress and anti-FDI forces. The BSP chief also suggested that BJP's \"communal\" ideology and Swaraj's allegation that fear of CBI was the reason why BSP's \"national leadership\" could not bring itself to translate its anti-FDI position into a vote were additional provocations.As an air of deep intrigue hung over political circles about what could have possibly prompted the change of heart , an unabashed Mayawati, sporting trademark elan, launched a vituperative attack against the BJP as a build-up for her eventual switch.The 15-strong BSP contingent will tip the scales decisively in the government's favour on Friday when RS is to vote. BSP's decision to vote and not merely abstain takes the House's effective strength to 230, setting the magic number at 116: a rather modest target for the UPA.The ruling coalition was set to get at least 107 even in what the opposition considered to be its best-case scenario before Mayawati revealed her hand. The addition of the 15-strong contingent means that it can glide past the halfway mark, although Nath is working hard to enhance the count. In terms of drama and suspense, the declaration of support mirrored the last-minute vote against the BJP-led government in 1999 when BSP's flip-flop saw the Vajpayee government fall by a solitary vote. But Mayawati was a portrait of sincere anguish as she took issue with Swaraj for her \"CBI-FDI\" dig.She unleashed a stinging counter-attack against Swaraj for having suggested that BSP had caved in to pressure from the CBI, which is still probing the disproportionate assets case against her. A miffed Mayawati sought to turn the tables on the BJP by alleging that it was the latter which had \"misused\" CBI to target her in the Taj corridor scam. \"The CBI was directed to investigate the Taj corridor and DA cases after BSP refused to fight the 2004 general elections alongwith BJP... I said we can form the government but cannot contest polls together because of ideological differences. I refused to contest polls and they said they will withdraw support. They did and I resigned as CM,\" she recalled.After the change in power, the two cases were pending with CBI. \"But for the last 8-9 years, opposition parties, particularly BJP, continued their propaganda whenever a voting issue came up,\" Mayawati said. She dismissed Swaraj's insinuation as a case of \"sour grapes\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17515022", "title": "Gaya Municipal Corporation wakes up to stray cattle problem", "text": "GAYA: Waking up to the stray cattle menace, the Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC), at its standing committee meet held on Wednesday, resolved to reign in the stray cattle loitering anywhere and everywhere including the collectorate area and busy commercial centres on GB Road, KP Road and Tekari Road. Earlier, RTI activist Braj Nandan Pathak had petitioned the CM on the stray cattle menace.According to Lalji Prasad, senior corporator and a member of the standing committee of the Corporation, stray cattle would be nabbed by municipal staff and kept on the erstwhile Gaya Regional Development Authority (GRDA) premises. The GRDA, it may be recalled, was wound up and merged with the Gaya Municipal Corporation.Interestingly, the GMC resolution concerns only the stray cattle part of the menace and has not taken up the street dog nuisance. Asked why street dogs have been kept out of the purview of the resolution, Prasad said that reigning in the street dogs needs some kind of specialization and such specialists and the special van required for the purpose were not available. Moreover, the street dogs need to be sterilized before being bundled off the Municipal Area and since the post of GMC's health officer was vacant, the sterilization job cannot be undertaken. According to activist S B Bhaskar, incidence of dog bites in the town has registered a sharp increase.According to sources, the municipal commissioner, executive officer of the civic body, is reluctant to implement the resolution on the alibi that the corporation is already short of personnel and resources and the penalty realized from those who let off the milch cattle to have free food in the vegetable market, fruit market and other places, does not even meet the cost involved in the matter. Municipal corporators argue that the GMC was not a profit-making organization and it has to provide the pre-determined amenities and such amenities include protection from stray cattle moving in the town and squatting on the main roads adding to the traffic woes of the Gayaites.The other decisions taken at the standing committee meet of the Municipal body include the allotment of shops in Gwalbigha, Church Road, Panchayati Akhara and several other places. The shops built more than a decade back have not been properly allotted thereby causing financial loss to the resource-starved municipal body. Widows and differently abled applicants will be given due priority in the shop allotment, say GMC sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513378", "title": "Attach properties of LACCFED scam accused: Court", "text": "LUCKNOW: Additional chief judicial magistrate Ravi Kant on Thursday directed the police to attach properties of a key-accused Sushil Kumar Katiyar, a resident of Kanpur in the LACCFED scam.The court had declared Katiyar a proclaimed offender on September 20, 2012. Investigating officer had moved an application in the court that despite being declared as a proclaimed offender, Katiyar has not surrendered yet and he is removing his immovable properties from his house and there is likelihood that he would escape from the state.As such his properties should be attached, submitted the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17515130", "title": "Views over schemes invited", "text": "RAIPUR: Public opinion and suggestions have been invited for implementing development schemes in the city.Addressing a press meet Siddharth Komal Singh Pardeshi, collector has said that the problem of traffic in the city is taking a toll for which Ring Road no 3 is being constructed. \"Once the road is constructed, main problem of the traffic would be solved while other issues on parking and widening of roads is also under consideration,\" the collector said.He said that citizens can send their suggestions through post or meet him at his office regarding the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514912", "title": "To end campaign, remove Badal's pictures from 108 ambulances: YC chief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Claiming that Shiromani Akali Dal was trying to take political mileage, Punjab Youth Congress president Vikram Chaudhary said on Thursday that the campaign to paste the pictures of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on 108 emergency vehicles will continue till the Punjab government withdraws the pictures of chief minister PS Badal.Addressing newspersons, Chaudhary said, \"Punjab government is taking credit for something which is entirely sponsored by the Central government. But we are not going to let them do it anymore,\" said Chaudhary.He also said that police were framing Congress workers and have registered many cases against them for pasting the pictures of the PM.\"We launched this campaign after serving an ultimatum to the government and we will keep on doing it across the state till the pictures of chief minister were not taken out,\" said Chaudhary.Asked if Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi was kept in the loop, Chaudhary said the decision to launch this campaign was taken at the state-level and that Rahul Gandhi was not informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17512792", "title": "Driver held in Kundaim mishap", "text": "PONDA: Irked over the death of three people in the Kundaim mishap on Wednesday, Kundaim locals led by panch member Narayan Naik, got Ponda police to book the excavator driver and seize the vehicle on Thursday evening.In a major accident at Kundaim village, three people were killed when their bikes collided.Naik alleged that the presence of the excavator at the site was a hindrance to the view of motorists.People also claimed that the stains on the excavator were bloodstains.Police booked the driver Shrikant Yadav, 25, a native of Bihar , under sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17514037", "title": "Dolphin beached on Marina put back in sea", "text": "CHENNAI: A dolphin which beached on the Marina, on the stretch opposite Vivekananda House, on Thursday afternoon was put in a boat and helped back into the sea.S David, a witness, said the young dolphin was spotted by some boys playing on the beach. They began playing with it. As the news spread , a number of people gathered around the dolphin.Some of them tried to pushed the dolphin back to the sea but failed. A witness who resides near the beach said the Marina mammal seemed to have enjoyed the company of the children even though it was in a helpless position.Finally, with the crowd getting bigger, some fishermen put the dolphin in a boat, went to the high seas and released it.Meanwhile, in faraway Thiruvottiyur, a dolphin washed ashore dead. Before fishermen could go there, someone had carried away the carcass, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17513015", "title": "Minister's cold shoulder to forest fire fighters", "text": "NAGPUR: The union ministry for rural development (MRD) headed by former environment minister Jairam Ramesh has rejected the demand for including the forest fire control works underMahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).The MRD has not accepted fire line cutting activity under MGNREGA while adopting entire EGS scheme from Maharashtra government. Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation &amp; member of National Board for Wild Life (NBWL), on March 14, had written to Ramesh on the issue.On Satpuda Foundation's request Ramesh's ministry had asked state principal secretary for forests to send a proposal. The state forest ministry had supported the views of Rithe and informed MRD that the activity was earlier permitted under EGS, a scheme funded by state's own resources but later discontinued for some reasons.However, recently SP Vashishth, director of MGNREGA, Delhi, has given 'free advise' to the state to deploy its own funds for cutting fire lines in the forests. The MRD has sought the reasons why such an effective and most essential scheme was discontinued.\"Why the activity, which was considered appropriate under EGS, is not able to find place in MGNREGA. The MRD is denying to grab an opportunity to provide huge employment to tribals by not accepting cutting of fire line work under MGNREGA,\" Rithe said.Fires are serious threats to forests in India and their effect is more in Central India due to dry deciduous forest where temperatures go up to 47 degrees during peak summer. The forests of India help the country to conserve rain water and contribute the same through streams, rivers, reservoirs, wells and tube wells for development of the country.In Central India, water has been a limiting factor due to high temperatures during summer and the region faces water scarcity even during winter due to drought and scanty rainfall. Forest fires are affecting water resources in Central India thereby affecting agriculture and industrial development.\"But, the MRD has failed to understand the gravity of the issue. Like the fundamental principle of economy which underlines that fact 'money saved is money earned' - forest saved is also forest generated. Considering this aspect of asset creation, the fire protection and control works were allowed to conduct under EGS in Maharashtra. It would now not be done under MGNREGA too,\" said Rithe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17513487", "title": "383 more BoPs on Indo-Bangla border by 2014 to check influx", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Centre has authorized 1185 border outposts (BOP) along the India-Bangladesh border to check infiltration from across the border as well as cross border movement of smugglers and militants.An official said there are 802 BOPs on the Indo-Bangla border at present of which 392 are in the northeast and the rest in West Bengal. The remaining 383 BOPs, of which 160 are in northeast, have been sanctioned and these are expected to be completed by 2014.In NE, Assam has 85 BOPs at present and it will get additional six BOPs to man the 263-km border in the state. Among other NE states sharing the international border with Bangladesh , Meghalaya has 108 BOPs and is getting 17 more while Tripura, which has 181 BOPs, will get another 64. Mizoram, which has 18 BOPs at present, is getting the maximum number of additional BOPs (73). The Indo-Bangla border runs for 4096.7 km of which 1880 km is in the northeast. \"These additional BOPs are being constructed to reduce the distance between the existing BOPs for ensuring better and effective border domination. The effective distance between BOPs will be reduced to less than 3.5 km,\" the source said.These BOPs will be equipped with all necessary infrastructure, including accommodation, logistic support and combat functions of Border Security Force (BSF) that mans the border.Union minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran, in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha, stated that the Centre has also sanctioned 3117 km of floodlighting work along the India-Bangladesh border out of which work on 1179 km is over.He added that several special surveillance equipment have been provided to BSF to check infiltration and cross-border movement on the international borders, which includes binoculars, compass, twin telescope, hand-held laser range finder, passive night vision monocular and passive night vision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513155", "title": "Car used in kidnap, murder of 7-yr-old traced", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an important development in a murder case, the Lucknow crime branch traced the sedan used in the crime by assailants for kidnapping Ashish, a seven-year-old student of a city school on September 20. The car was recovered by the crime branch around Thursday noon from Daudakheda village in Mal area of the city.The police will send the car for forensic examination and use it as evidence in the court to make the case stronger, said Umesh Singh, superintendent of police (Crime). The Manaknagar boy was kidnapped by four men outside the Rajendranagar branch of the school and subsequently murdered. The only child of Ratnesh and Sangeeta Pandey, Ashish was lured by Pawan, one the acquaintances of the family after school hours.Breakthrough in solving the case was achieved during interrogation of the accused who was taken on remand by the crime branch. While three of the four accused, Mukesh Kole, Pawan (alias Vicky), Ravindra Sonkar (alias Guddu) had been arrested, the fourth accused Pradeep Rawat surrendered in the court on November 21. Rawat was taken on remand on December 4 by crime branch and Manaknagar police and revealed some more aspects of the case to the police.Police also recovered the pendant worn by the boy from the Tata Indigo car. The Pandeys confirmed that the pendant recovered from the car belonged to Ashish, added Singh.Pawan had picked the boy from his school and then told his friends to take Ashish to a safe hideout in the Indigo car. The four abductors killed Ashish on the way to Mirzapur when he started calling for help. Kole and Sonkar are seasoned criminals and were responsible for Ashish's murder. The boy was strangulated and his body dumped in thickets in Halliya area of Mirzapur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17513754", "title": "Ajit Pawar to return to Maharashtra cabinet", "text": "MUMBAI: Two months after he dramatically resigned from the Democratic Front government over charges of involvement in the multi-crore irrigation scam, former deputy chief minister and NCP leader Ajit Pawar is set to make a comeback into the state cabinet on Friday.Bolstered by the supposed clean chit given to him by the government's white paper on irrigation, Pawar will be given charge of his original portfolios in a swearing-in ceremony at Raj Bhavan.Senior sources in the party and the government's general administration department confirmed that governor K Sankaranarayanan will administer the oath to Pawar inside the Durbar Hall at 9.30 am. However, when questioned by TOI on Thursday, Pawar refused to comment, saying he would talk only after the swearing-in ceremony on Friday.Sources in the party said that Pawar handed over an official confirmation of his return to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday. Pawar had announced his resignation from the post of deputy CM on September 25, sending the DF government and his own party into a tizzy.Pawar's resignation, meant to be an angry protest against CM Prithviraj Chavan, came in the wake of a series of exposes in TOI of scams in the Maharashtra irrigation department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513308", "title": "IIM to host Manfestfrom January 18-20", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 26th edition of Manfest, the annual business conclave hosted by the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Lucknow, would be organized from January 18 to 20. This was announced at the unveiling of the event's website: , on Thursday.The theme of the Manfest 2013 is \"Triumph in Turbulence\". Because the current time is characterised by the political turmoil, economic instability and environmental duress, it is the need of the hour to applaud those who have survived and succeed in such time and inspire to do the same, the organizers say.Manfest 2013 promises to be a roller coaster ride of competition, discussion, knowledge, creation and entertainment. Competitions at Manfest this year would be geared towards providing fresh new ideas, case-driven insights and sound management expertise. From purely intellectual contests to talent identification platforms for corporates, the events at Manfest are now helping solve real management problems.The Leaders Express at Manfest has the objective of bringing IIM Lucknow students closer to thought leaders of the country. Last year, Manfest saw presence of leaders like Azim Premji , Ronnie Screwvala among others and this year also, prominent business leaders will grace the Manfest. Along with that are two very relevant leadership summits - one centered on marketing and advertising and the other on infrastructure. There are also events like Corporate Luncheon, talk series and Gravitas - the Manfest publication.Apart from the serious business, Manfest will have various entertainment events. Like the previous edition of Manfest, which have seen hosting two International acts, this edition will offer similar acts along with some exciting Bollywood action. Under its Social Impact Initiatives, Manfest launched the third edition of the hugely successful event Yajna - The Pan-India NGO Challenge that will get NGOs, corporates and students to work together in solving critical social problems of the day, in as many as eight Indian cities. There would be other initiatives like the Network 18 Prerna Fellowship and the Lucknow 10k Run which would also be focusing on Social Impact Initiatives. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17505164", "title": "This Christmas Mammooty, Mohanlal films to battle at BO", "text": "While Mammootty needs a desperate hit with Bavuttiyude Namathil, Mohanlal will be looking forward to carrying forward his winning streak with Karmayodha.Star war will be back at the Mollywood box office this Christmas, what with superstars Mammootty and Mohanlal ready with Bavuttiyude Namathil and Karmayodha respectively, both of which are scheduled to hit the screens on the same day - December 21. Although this is not the first time that two superstar films are coming face-to-face during a festive season, the industry is curious about the prospects of these films for more reasons than one.Interestingly, while Mammootty - whose last few releases failed to work any superstar charm on the audience, needs a desperate hit with Bavuttiyude Namathil - Mohanlal, will be looking forward to carrying forward his winning streak in 2012 with Karmayodha . Last Christmas also witnessed superstar sparks in theatres, with Mammootty in Venicile Vyapari and Mohanlal in Arabiyum, Ottakavum, P Madhavan Nairum, both of which were no blockbusters. However, the scenario this year is different.An industry insider points out, \"For the past two years, contrary to what is expected of a superstar film, Mammootty's films haven't been doing all that great, be it Bombay March 12, The King and the Commissioner, Cobra, Thappana or the more recent Jawan of Vellimala . In fact, Best Actor aside, his last major hit was the Ranjith directorial Pranchiyettan and the Saint . Eversince, he hasn't actually delivered a superhit film,\" he says, adding, \"Even his recent film directed by V M Vinu isn't going great guns.\"Which is why, expectations run high as Mammootty teams up with Ranjith in Bavuttiyude Namathil . Though, this time round, Ranjith hasn't donned the director's mantle and has worked on the script of the film directed by G S Vijayan.On the other hand, Mohanlal started the year with a disappointing Casanovva , but scripted success with the rest of his films, including Grandmaster, Spirit , and Run Baby Run . Major Ravi's Karmayodha will be the star's last release this year. The director tells us, \"This is the first time Mohanlal and I are teaming up for a film outside the backdrop of the army. Karmayodha has him playing an encounter specialist called Madhava Menon aka Mad Maddy and presents him in an entirely different avatar.\"While the Mohanlal-Major Ravi team's last release, Kandahar, didn't do well at the BO, Mohanlal fans are hoping that the star ends the year on a hit note.Two strong contendersThis time round, the superstars face competition from B Unnikrishnan's Anoop Menon-Asif Ali starrer I Love Me and Aashiq Abu's Da Thadiya starring debutant Shekar Menon. \"This might eat into the prospects of both the superstar films, especially at the multiplexes,\" points out an industry expert. \"Unnikrishnan's last release, Grandmaster , and Aashiq's 22 Female Kottayam had won over the audience, whose allegiance to these filmmakers might give tough competition to the superstar films and affect their profits.\"Clash of the titansMohanlal Mammootty  Photographer Pothenvava Shikkar Pranchiyettan and the Saint China Town Doubles Flash Kadha Parayumbol College Kumaran Roudram Kandahar Best Actor  (The list is incomplete and includes the more popular of the films)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515494", "title": "7 booked for selling plot using fake papers", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against seven people for allegedly selling a plot of land to a woman using a forged general power of attorney (GPA). The FIR was lodged by the real owner of the plot who said he had no hand in the sale deal.Police said S K Badhwar, a resident of CR Park in Delhi, has lodged a complaint with the Kherki Dhaula police station saying that some people had fraudulently sold a piece of land in Khandsa village which is owned by him.Following the complaint, the investigation was handed over to the economic offences wing (EOW) of the city police. The EOW investigation revealed that the plot was sold on the basis of a fake GPA and other documents, without the knowledge of the original owner. On the recommendation of the EOW, the Kherki Dhaula police lodged the FIR against seven people, including two property dealers. The suspects have been identified as Deshraj and Ashok, both residents of Khandsa village, Satpal Saini, a resident of Paschim Vihar in Delhi, Rampal, Ravinder, Ramesh and Satpal. The suspects are at large, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17514350", "title": "Ranchi taps go dry as JSEB workers go on strike", "text": "RANCHI: Almost 80% population in the state capital has been without water supply for the last 24 hours. In what would come as bad news to residents, the Department of Drinking Water and Sanitation (DDWS) on Thursday said water supply in Ranchi would remain affected for a couple of days.Almost every body in the state capital, including hundreds of students, suffered for non-supply of water on Thursday as Ranchi and other parts of the state plunged into darkness following an indefinite strike by Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) employees. Water was not supplied at Lalpur, Kantatoli, Morhabadi, Piska More, Ratu Road and other parts of the city throughout the day forcing residents to purchase packaged drinking water which was sold at a premium. Students in hostels had to go without bath during the day as the water tanks dried up the previous night itself.DDWS regional chief engineer Hira Lal Prasad said the power supply to all the three dams had been poor which was causing the problem. \"It is likely to persist for a couple of days,\" Prasad said. An official in the drinking department said only around 30% population in the state capital have subscribed water connection of the department.The condition of the remaining 70% of the population here is even worse. \"I have a water tank atop my roof and a bore well. As there was no power, our tank too went dry ,\" said Ratna Shekhar, a boy in Kantatoli locality. Although the power supply resumed at around 4pm, the motor went off as soon as it was stitched on, he added.S N Das, a retired professor at Thadpakna locality, said: \"We are living without water for the last 24 hours.\"Surabhi Tiwari, a student at St Xavier College, said: \"We have been left to study in the darkness. It's just not possible.\" Students at various hostels at Lalpur, Plaza Chowk, and Purulia Road had to study in candlelight as their college exams are on.Shankar Das, superintending engineer (mechanical) department of drinking water and sanitation, confirmed that Rukka dam from where water is supplied to over 70% areas of the capital suffered due to the power crisis. \"There has been no water supply from the dam after 12.30pm,\" Das said.Apart from the water crisis the people are also facing another problem - i.e charging their mobile phones. \"My mobile phones went off last night itself. Now I have no other way to charge my cell phone battery. All my contacts are saved in my cell phone and I am unable to contact anyone,\" said Ajit Kumar, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514193", "title": "'Concerts can bring India, Pak closer'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ali Noor, 35, is a lawyer by qualification. But he gave away his lawyer's licence a week after receiving it to pursue music. Younger brother Ali Hamza, 33, was a student of economics in Lahore University of Management Sciences when he joined Noor. Together the duo formed the band Noori in 1996, one of the pioneering forces behind the 21st century pop revolution of Pakistan.Promoted as one of the top acts in the sixth edition of the South Asian Bands Festival starting Dec 7 at Purana Qila, Noori will perform along with Nemesis (Bangladesh), Thriloka (Sri Lanka), E-SA and His Troupe (Maldives), The Likens (Bhutan), Blaze (Myanmar) and Jindabaad (Nepal).Presented by ICCR in collaboration with ministry of external affairs and Seher, the three-day festival will feature 15 popular rock bands from across nine nations of the sub-continent. Entry is free.In an interview with TOI, lead vocalist, songwriter and guitarist, Ali Noor sheds some light on the music in Pakistan.What drew you to music?We were brought up to think out-of-the-box. Questioning the norm and critically looking at reality was inbuilt in our system. While growing up, we were exposed to South Asian classical music and rock n roll.We wanted to break aw8ay from the beaten theme of teenage love and rejected unintelligent music where most songs were copies of Western hits.Noori means something made of light. The philosophy behind the band has always been to shed light on the unexplored. We started off as a hard rock act, but after 10 years now, we've matured and incorporated new elements; fusion in Coke Studio being the biggest example. Even lyrically we have started venturing into the concept of love, but with a deeper and more philosophical approach - one that follows the classical tradition.Do you think concerts like these help bridge Indo-Pak relations?Definitely. That's the purpose of such collaborations especially in music. Since last year, the musical experience has been very positive and is needed even more to build Indo-Pak ties. Cultural interaction is all about people-to-people contact. It's not about governments. And both nations have so much in common that the right chord is automatically struck with such musical events. What we communicated in our music resonated with the people, especially the educated, thinking youth. And we were surprised that there're just too many of them in Pakistan. The success we achieved when we re-launched Noori (in 2003) was an unprecedented success story for any mainstream act until that time.Do you delve into the socio-political condition of Pakistan in your songs/lyrics and touch upon subjects like terrorism etc?We've consciously stayed away from socio-political themes as our focus has been on the individual's journey and changes that can be brought about within. We are strong believers in the idea that the real change in society comes when common people change from within, and that continues to be the focus of our musical journey.What is it about your music that appeals to Pakistani youths?Often we get fan mails. Someone told us that his life changed when he listened to our song 'Dil Ki Qasam'; that he decided to change career paths and took up social service as a full time job!There was also this girl who decided to leave her fiance of six years and start afresh in life. She was inspired by our song 'Sohni Chad De Mahiwal'!During the Taliban diktat, what were your musical renditions and if not, how did you face them?Taliban presence did affect the business. Concerts, especially big public events, have become almost non-existent in Pakistan. We really hope the situation changes soon.Where do you draw inspiration for your songs?I am inspired by the Progressive Writers' movement of 1940s-50s. People like Manto, Ismat Chugtai, Rajinder Singh Bedi and Ghulam Abbas have been huge influences for my song writing. Musically, I listen to everythingBut some musicians have really stood out for me: Sting, Faith No More, Tori Amos and Fiona Apple to name a few.(Ali Hamza pipes in): For me my mother has been my biggest influence - musically speaking. I made some of my best songs while listening to K L Saigal, S D Burman and Pathanay Khan. For lyrics and poetry, I have been inspired by the poets like Mirza Ghalib, John Keats, Mir and Faiz.What do you have to say about Indian music and its reach?Indian music is reaching out to a large audience. While Bollywood has dominated mo8st of Indian music, we finally see an alternative scene picking upOf the mainstream musicia8ns, I like the work of Amit Trivedi and Shankar-Ehsan-Loy. Amitabh Bhattacharya is a pretty funky lyricist!Which Indian bands do you like and why?We are not that well exposed to Indian bands. But recently we participated in this gig with Parikrama. And man they are superb. Such precision, such tightness! I have never witnessed such a performance before. They are one of my most favourite bands now!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514130", "title": "SC on fake encounter: Is Rs 5L grant a licence to kill?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday asked the Centre whether Rs 5 lakh compensation awarded by National Human Rights Commission to the family was the cost of killing a person in a fake encounter.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai was worried by the blatant breach of the constitutional scheme of things where erring armed forces personnel and trigger-happy policemen went unpunished after payment of compensation to the victim's family. \"Even in a proven case of fake encounter, all that a person gets is Rs 5 lakh,\" the bench said.It said the NHRC's report on 1,671 complaints of fake encounters, in which it found 191 to be true, was distressing to say the least. NHRC had said that it had ordered payment of Rs 10.51 crore to the kin of victims as compensation but had not recommended action against the guilty.Appearing for PIL petitioners from Manipur, who had alleged over 1,500 extra-judicial killings by armed forces personnel and police in the last three decades and sought withdrawal of Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA), senior advocate Colin Gonsalves said it appeared as if payment of Rs 5 lakh gave the license to kill a person in cold blood.The court was informed that most fake encounter cases were pending in the Gauhati HC after completion of the magisterial inquiry. The bench asked, \"What does the HC do to ensure matter (such fake encounters) does not occur in future?\"Gonsalves said even after magisterial inquiries in 10 cases proved these to be fake encounters, the HC did not order prosecution of the accused. One of the 10 victims of fake encounter was a 12-year-old boy who was allegedly shot point blank outside his house and another a 19-year-old whose body was found in a mutilated state. For the Union government, additional solicitor general Paras Kuhad said of the 1,500-odd complaints of fake encounter cases, there was \"not a single which was concluded as a case of fake encounter\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513973", "title": "Infra projects hinge on taxes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trans-Yamuna area had been neglected by the erstwhile MCD for long. But in the last six months, the newly formed East Delhi Municipal Corporation has started several projects for its development.In its budget, the corporation has proposed 40 new development projects worth over Rs 300 crore. But projects worth Rs 100 crore will not to see the light of the day if the ruling BJP doesn't approve the new tax proposals, keeping in mind the Assembly polls next year.All the tax proposals, if implemented, will help the agency boost its revenue by nearly Rs 100 crore-Rs 150 crore. \"If the tax proposals are approved, we will be able to start the infrastructure projects. Otherwise, the projects will have to be put on hold,\" said S S Yadav, commissioner, East corporation.The ruling BJP didn't turndown the proposals immediately, but is vocal about its decision of not burdening people. \"We are going to increase the revenue base by bringing more properties under the tax net. We have to exploit other sources of revenue generation like advertising, identifying parking sites. As for betterment charges, we can't charge people without providing services,\" said Mehak Singh, chairman of standing committee, East corporation.But given the tight financial position, sources say, BJP will have to consider proposals like the education cess. \"Otherwise, it will become difficult to carry out both routine and development works,\" said a leader. With Trans-Yamuna Area Development Board, a Delhi government-appointed body, sanctioning major development work, BJP needs to take tough decisions.Congress' Varyam Kaur attacked BJP for increasing the burden on public without providing any facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17514965", "title": "Virtual looters prowl about", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even as technology improves at a startling pace, with a new gizmo coming out every other day, cyber criminals too are getting smarter at an equal pace. Like going a step ahead from hacking into e-mail accounts and bank account details, they have now even started using names of leading MNCs and nationalized companies in their e-mail addresses to dupe gullible city residents of their hard-earned money.Scores of local residents are receiving fake e-mails that have names of big companies like Hero, ESPN, BSNL and Nokia in their e-mail addresses to lure internet users. The sender, who usually sends this mail from a computer with an ip (internet protocol) address of a computer located in some African or east Asian country, usually introduces himself as a senior official of a company and informs the receiver about his winning an online lottery worth several lakh dollars. Once the receiver reverts to these mails, the cyber criminal, who is sitting hundreds of miles away, asks for basic details, including bank account numbers. In some cases they also ask the receiver to submit the processing fee of Rs 1 to Rs 2 lakh.S Boopathi, deputy commissioner of Ludhiana police, told TOI, \"I have joined here a month ago and have got many such complaints. I appeal to all Ludhiana residents to avoid replying to such mails and immediately contact our cyber crime unit on getting such mail. Even private companies are running campaigns to disseminate knowledge about such scams.\" He added, \"We plan to run a comprehensive campaign to educate people about this cyber crime at regular intervals. We are in the process of tracking the locations of some unscrupulous senders of such mails and very soon we would have concrete clues in our hands to take action against them.\" Besides duping people, these mails could also be an attempt to hack e-mail ids or could be malware attack. Though many of these cases go unreported, yet Ludhiana police' cyber crime unit is receiving around 10 to 15 such complaints every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17514416", "title": "Draft MCC ward reservation puts political parties in a fix", "text": "Mangalore: Draft notification of reservation to 60 wards of the Mangalore City Corporation will see a lot of churning in the list of sitting corporators who could be on their way out. While the ruling BJP in the current council has 35 members, the opposition Congress has 21 and there are two independents and a corporator each from JD(S) and CPM. The draft has put sitting corporators irrespective of their party in a quandary on their future. While 19 of the 60 wards are reserved as general, 18 are reserved in general (women), eight each for BCM A and BCM A (women), two from BCM B and BCM B (women); and one each for ST (woman), SC (woman) and ST respectively.This new draft reservation matrix released by the urban development department in the Gazette on December 4 means that half of the wards are now reserved for women corporators in one form or the other. The political parties are gearing up to file their objections. They can submit their objections within seven days of publication of the matrix in the Gazette to the deputy commissioner. Naveen D'Souza, sitting Congress corporator said the Congress is preparing grounds to register its objections to the draft. \"The matrix has bunched all general (women) constituencies from wards 33 to 56, and this could have been spread out in the overall interests of all concerned,\" he said. Leaders of BJP and Congress opine that it is too early to state on what their strategy will be for the forthcoming polls to the civic body. Things will fall in place once the final reservation matrix is made public after objections filed for are taken into consideration, says Ranganath Kini, sitting BJP corporator. \"The BJP leadership is yet to pay serious attention to civic body polls as of now and heat will build up only as the polls near,\" Ranganath averred. Congress which has had control of the city corporation since the civic body was set up in the 1980s barring the last term when BJP upstaged it for the first time in 2007 too is yet to finalize the party's strategy. \"The final selection of candidates will gather steam only at a later date,\" Naveen said, adding that at present, the party is focusing its energies on understanding the exact ramifications of the draft and how the party has to approach it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513988", "title": "Work on new BRTs to be fast-tracked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Months after giving the go-ahead to seven BRT corridors to be constructed by the PWD, the transport department is looking at the projects to be undertaken by DIMTS (Delhi integrated multi-modal transit system). On Thursday, it reviewed the Dhaula Kuan-Chhawala alignment which is to be built by DIMTS.Sources said that the department was looking to fast-track the work on the next BRT corridor - the 15km Karawal Nagar-More Gate BRT, as well as the other BRTs that are in the pipeline.The Dhaula Kuan-Chhawala alignment, which is around 20km long, will be connecting Dhaula Kuan with Dwarka sector 21 before extending to Chhawala. The cost per km of the alignment is expected to be between Rs 18-20 lakh. If given approval, it would be the second BRT project by DIMTS. Work on the Karawal Nagar-More Gate BRT is yet to start, though government sources say that it would be the second BRT to come up in Delhi after the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand corridor.Sources added that while the template for the BRTs would follow the guidelines laid down by UTTIPEC, the idea was to identify the traffic hot spots that would need to be monitored during the construction phase. Added the official, \"These corridors are through some very congested areas, so the traffic study needs to be done well. During the phase of construction, traffic diversions would need to be put up, as is done during metro construction.\"The Dhaula Kuan-Chhawala corridor lies in south west Delhi and connects Dhaula Kuan to Dwarka sector 21 as part of phase I with a total length of approximately 19.3km, and would eventually extend to Chhawala Village as part of phase II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513074", "title": "Suspend employees delaying joining new postings: Gupta", "text": "BHOPAL: The home department has issued fresh directives to all heads of departments to place under suspension officers and employees against whom a criminal or Lokayukta case is registered.In a departmental meeting, the home minister Uma Shankar Gupta also directed to suspend the officers and employees who fail to join at their new postings on transfer, an official spokesman informed here on Thursday.The minister also directed to fill up vacant posts of home guards at the earliest. He said that 45 home guards should be made available at the earliest to Madhya Pradesh central region power distribution company (Centcom). He said that home guards should be recruited separately for making them available to the departments demanding on payment home guards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17515576", "title": "Traders protest against FDI", "text": "KANPUR: The city traders came out on roads on Wednesday evening to protest against FDI in retail after the centre government won voting in parliament. The traders who were demonstrating under the banner of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal burnt the effigy of prime minister Manmohan Singh and Walmart, which is to set up huge retail stores in various parts of the country.The angry traders raised anti-government slogans and said that the government has decided to render more than 5 crore retail shop owners jobless. The traders said that despite government's win in Lok Sabha over FDI issue, they will continue to protest against FDI in retail.Traders of Collectorganj, Nayaganj, Sakkar Pati, Birhana Road gathered at busy Ghantaghar and set ablaze PM's effigy. The traders termed UPA government to be against the common people.Talking to TOI, Gyanesh Mishra, general secretary, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal said, \"We will not tolerate FDI in retail at any cost and our protest against it will continue even in future.\"Mishra also added that the government earlier wanted Walwart to open stores in 53 cities, which has now reduced to 18. This in itself shows that government is facing strong opposition from people.Earlier, during the daytime, the traders performed 'aarti' of Parliament and prayed to God for giving sense to the Congress led UPA government.They also demanded for roll back of FDI. The traders had put a photo of parliament at Bharat Mata statue at Ghantaghar and performed Puja and aarti. Later in the evening hours, they remained stuck to the TV sets to see the voting taking place on FDI in retail at Lok Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17513801", "title": "All-India GJM meet on December 16", "text": "Darjeeling: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) leadership has started making arrangements to hold the first all-India conference in Darjeeling on December 16. GJM leaders said that the conference was aimed at discussing and finding solutions to problems being faced by the Gorkha community residing across the country.However, political analysts felt the bigger objective of the conference was to pacify the factions of Gorkhas who have supported the separate-statehood demand.\"There are several problems that the Gorkhas living elsewhere face. Being an umbrella organization of the entire Gorkha community, we have the responsibility to hear and find solutions,\" GJM secretary Roshan Giri said on Thursday after the party's central committee meeting in Darjeeling.The GJM has been arguing that they accepted the GTA as a stepping stone to the formation of a separate state and to usher in development in the region. However, differences in opinion (especially from outside of the region) remain continue to plague the outfit.Besides, the GJM also intends to utilize the all-India conference slated for December 16 as a platform to strengthen its party base, inside and outside the Hills. \"We will have representatives from more than 20 states. All our frontal organizations and units across the Hills have also been asked to attend. It will be a wonderful opportunity to interact with various leaders,\" Giri said.In fact, in order to keep its flock active in the region which had begun to be swayed by the development activities being undertaken, the GJM party taking cognizance has started organizing political programs like public and indoor meetings in the Hills.All the four GJM MLA's and chairmen of the Darjeeling, Kalimpong and Kurseong municipalities along with ward commissioners and the forty-five GTA members have also been directed to attend the conference.In today's meeting a resolution was also taken to organize a Krishi Mela which would be a calendar event on the lines of the Tea and Tourism Festival. While, the TTF is held from December 20 to January 5, the Krishi Mela will be held from January 5 to 18. The Mela will be held at Rohini in Kurseong, Relli in Kalimpong, Jamuney in Darjeeling and Dalgoan in the Dooars region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17514808", "title": "IT stocks take a beating again", "text": "BANGALORE: Shares of IT companies took a hit again on Thursday, seemingly in reaction to Cognizant indicating its growth next year would be about 4 percentage points lower than that this year.The BSE IT index dropped 1.47%, underperforming the benchmark Sensex that rose 0.49%. Infosys's scrip fell 1.84% to close at Rs 2,339 and TCS's stock was down 1.14% at Rs 1,282.\"The street expects Cognizant's initial 2013 revenue guidance would be 16%, and given that Indian peers have grown this year at about 10%, the street is worried that India-listed players would grow in single digits next year. That has caused the correction in the stock prices,\" said Dhananjay Sinha, co-head of institutional research in brokerage firm Emkay Global Financial Services.Ankita Somani, IT analyst in Angel Broking , said IT stocks going down don't bode well for the industry. \"Cognizant's growth expectations will have a negative impact on the Indian IT sector. IT companies had been forecasting a higher revenue growth in 2013-14. But the initial announcement from Cognizant doesn't capture that positive sentiment,\" Somani said.On Wednesday, Cognizant had made a regulatory filing with the US SEC on the top management's performance-based stock unit grants for next year. The growth target on which the performance awards are based is seen to be a reasonable initial indication of the company's revenue growth guidance for the year, which it provides in February.In the filing, Cognizant had said its top executives would earn 100% of performance-linked shares if revenue increases by 16% for the year ending December 2013. In the last three years, its annual guidance (issued in February) has been more or less equal to the threshold for 100% stock unit awards for management. So analysts expect Cognizant to provide a 16% guidance in February, less than the 20% it expects for 2012.IT industry body Nasscom however said the fall in tech stocks on Indian stock markets was no reflection of the industry's future. \"There is no need for anyone to quickly conclude that things are not going to be good in the coming fiscal,\" Sangeeta Gupta, vice president of Nasscom, said. She said Nasscom had just begun the process of consultation with stakeholders to provide a forecast for the next financial year. \"The tech industry comprises of diverse segments and to determine an outlook requires detailed analysis,\" she said.However, last month, Nasscom had revised downward its forecast for this year. In February, it had forecast 11 to 14% growth, but in November said it is likely to be at the lower end of this range.Emkay's Sinha said Cognizant's downward revision is reflective of the business environment. \"Discretionary spending has remained under check and elongated decision making cycles has impacted near term volume growth,\" he said.Siddharth Pai, MD of outsourcing advisory firm ISG, said the sector was already at low double digit growth for a while. \"The larger a company gets, the more difficult it becomes to sustain aggressive growth rates,\" he said.(With inputs from Mini Joseph Tejaswi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518127", "title": "Kareena to shoot with Imran for Karan Johar's film", "text": "Actress Kareena Kapoor will soon start shooting with actor Imran Khan in Bangalore for Karan Johar's new production.\"I am starting my shoot with Imran Khan for Karan Johar's film. I will start shooting for that film from January. We will be shooting in Bangalore for the first schedule,\" Kareena told IANS.The duo was last paired in \"Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu\". Their new film, which is yet to be titled, will be directed by Punit Malhotra.Kareena's calendar is packed.\"Post-Bangalore, I will be in Bhopal in February to shoot for Prakash Jha's 'Satyagrah'. I am really looking forward to these films,\" she said.The actress, who married Saif Ali Khan Oct 16, has been busy with her endorsements and even shot an item number, \"Fevicol se\" for \"Dabangg 2\".Kareena says she wants to continue exploring various genres in the film industry.\"I don't want to pin-point and explore just one kind of role. I want to try different genres. I want to do different kinds of role and I will continue doing that,\" said the 32-year-old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17513715", "title": "No scope for redress due to a time limitation clause", "text": "n a country which has precious little by way of a social safety net, the provident fund is one of the few such fallback options, even if only for those in the organized labour force. Any change in the rules governing this scheme must therefore be tested on the touchstone of whether it enhances the safety net or weakens it. Imposing a time limitation on when defaults can be investigated clearly weakens it. Most of those whose savings lie in the EPF do not regularly track whether money is being deposited in it by their employers and, if so, whether it is as much as it should be. They may well discover a default well after it happens. Clearly, they cannot be left with no scope for redress due to a time limitation clause.Related story: Tougher EPFO norms for employees", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512860", "title": "Nagpur's Chinmay Ayyar is all-India 2nd in OTA selection", "text": "NAGPUR: Almost every child dreams of donning the armed forces uniform. Most of us are in awe of the soldiers but only a few dare to dream and work towards joining the forces.Here is a city lad Chinmay Ayyar who has realized his childhood dream and is all set to join the Officer's Training Academy at Gaya. \"I was very sure about what I wanted to do and soon after my tenth I began preparing for armed forces exam,\" said Chinmay. \"This is a very prestigious course for which he has qualified. It has happened because of his sincere efforts and discipline. The fee for the whole course will be borne by the government of India,\" said Lt Col MP Deshpande (retd) who mentored Chinmay in The Forces Foundation which gives guidance to aspiring youngsters. He added that Chinmay cleared the 10+2 Technical Entry Scheme (TES) and, after the medical test results, has stood second in the all-India merit list. He has also qualified for the National Defence Academy.\"It was a challenge to manage my Standard XII studies and my preparations for the armed forces exams. I hardly used cell phones and read a lot of newspapers. I must say that my parents were a huge source of support and so was Commander Natrajan who used to guide me through emails,\" Chinmay said.Chinmay is currently a student of first year BE. \"He has always been a good student, scoring above 90% in both his board exams. It is good to see bright students like him joining the army. I hope others too get inspired and opt for our armed forces for a fruitful career,\" said Deshpande.\"In one of the pamphlets published by Deshpande sir, I read 'Make everybody around you proud' and it constantly pushed me to perform better. This is everything I want from life. I have realized my childhood dream,\" Chinmay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ariyalur", "code": "17514483", "title": "Two killed, three injured in road accident", "text": "ARIYALUR: Two people travelling by a car were killed near Gangaikonda Chozhapuram on Thursday after the vehicle rammed a truck. Three others in the car sustained severe injuries and were admitted to a private hospital in Kumbakonam.Police said Chinnakutty, 45, Kuttipillai alias Rangarajan, 37, the car driver, Kannapiran, 32, Krishnakumar, 35 and Anbazhaga, 38, all from Guruvalappankovil village in Ariyalur district were on their way back to their village in the car after visiting their relative in Puducherry. The accident took place in Sembodai near Jayankondam around 1am on Thursday when a cement-laden truck heading towards Chidambaram from Ariyalur collided with the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17513331", "title": "India, Myanmar meet on regional security begins", "text": "IMPHAL: The second edition of the Indo-Myanmarese regional border committee meeting began in the neighbouring country on Wednesday.This came in the wake of Myanmar's reported assurance of pushing out Indian rebels from its soil. In view of such a development, Indian security forces have been put on alert along the porous border.The construction of a10-km border fence is underway at Moreh in the tribal-dominated Chandel district to curb sneaking of rebels and flow of arms to the border town. Manipur shares over a 350-km-long border with Myanamr.The three-day regional border committee meet is a landmark event where representatives of both the armies and government interact and exchange views on matters related to security of border areas and measures to control insurgency in both countries, said a defence statement.\"This forum also gives an opportunity to the delegates to exchange views which assist in further strengthening the friendly bond and cooperation among both countries,\" the statement added.The 12-member Indian delegation, comprising army and government officials, is led by Lt-Gen AK Sahni, GOC of 3 Corps. While on the way to Myanmar, Lt-Gen Sahni handed over twelve dozers and four motor graders to the Myanmar army at Moreh town as part of assistance to Myanmar for development of infrastructure, the statement added.The Myanmar delegation represented by Maj-Gen Soe Lwin, commander, North West command, accepted the plant equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514050", "title": "'Cancel medical admissions given to non-meritorious students'", "text": "MUMBAI: Parents of 27 aspiring medical students filed a petition in the Bombay high court on Tuesday seeking cancellation of admissions given to non-meritorious students for MBBS and BDS courses in private and unaided medical colleges.The parents, along with Forum for Fairness in Education, have filed a writ petition against the irregularities and malpractices in medical admissions.The main plea of the petitioners is to direct the colleges and the Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS) to cancel the admissions of non-meritorious students and admit the 27 aspirants in the said colleges.President of the forum, Jayant Jain, said there was a certain and deliberate lapse on the part of PNS while conducting admissions this year, resulting in colleges taking undue advantage and resorting to unfair practices that caused denial of admission to several eligible aspirants. tnnThe colleges did not disclose the correct numbers of vacant seats after the first two rounds and refused admissions to meritorious students.Have asked private and unaided medical colleges to cancel admissions given to non-meritorious students in MBBS and BDS courses in a petition filed in the high court on Tuesday. They, along with the Forum for Fairness in Education, have filed a writ petition against the irregularities and malpractices in medical admissions.The main prayer of the petitioners is to direct the colleges and the Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS) to cancel all admissions granted in the MBBS and BDS courses to non-meritorious students and also to admit the 27 petitioners in the said colleges.According to the president of the forum, Jayant Jain, there was a certain and deliberate lapse on the part of PNS, while conducting the admissions this year, due to which the colleges across the state took undue advantage and resorted to unfair practices which resulted in denial of admission to several eligible students. The colleges did not disclose the correct numbers of vacant seats after the first two rounds and refused admissions to meritorious students.Last week, the state government set up three committees in Pune, Nagpur and Aurangabad under the deans of the government colleges in these regions. The committees were to investigate the claims of parents and also whether the said colleges had followed the scheduled prescribed by the PNS. Parents were, however, not content with the government's probe as meritorious students had almost lost their academic year and the probe would have caused further delay.The parents had earlier protested against the samiti for the delay in scrutinising the admissions and some of them even observed hunger strike. After a Supreme Court order this year, the Association for Private Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges (APUMDC) in the state conducted only two rounds of admissions on the basis of ASSO-CET, and not three like before. Students then had to apply at institute level for the vacant seats. However, colleges failed flouted the admission norms prescribed by the samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514281", "title": "50000 relief for battered cop", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Human Rights Commission (OHRC) on Thursday asked the state government to pay Rs 50,000 relief to woman police constable Pramila Padhi, who was allegedly assaulted and molested by a mob during September 6 Congress rally at Lower PMG here.\"The home department has been instructed to pay the relief amount to her within four weeks,\" said OHRC registrar Chitta Ranjan Mohapatra. The relief was awarded based on the petition of Pramila Mallick, president of Biju Mahila Janta Dal on September 7. Mallick had then demanded action against the culprits and relief for the cop.Padhi, constable with Infocity police station, was admitted in the hospital for several weeks as she had fractured her hand and leg in the melee. She joined duty on November 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17513542", "title": "Aasu warns Seba to clean up education mess", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the failure of the Secondary Education Board of Assam (Seba) to provide admit cards to prospective candidates for the forthcoming High School Leaving Certificate Examinations within the prescribed date, Aasu on Thursday warned SEBA that it will not tolerate any more anomalies and demanded the Board to clean up the mess.During their protest, the students' organization members produced documents to prove that SEBA is being used as a personal battleground by the secretary Basanta Kumar Das and the chairman Shantikam Hazarika to set scores with each other. The Aasu alleged that important decisions could not be taken due to a tiff between the two officials. \"If the secretary wanted to implement something, the chairman cancelled it and vice versa,\" they said.\"A letter from the Seba secretary to the state education secretary speaks about the possibility of some chaotic situation due to inefficiency of the chairman that may affect the examination schedule and even lead to postponement. The situation is serious. But we still want to tell the students to continue with their studies. We want the state government to revamp Seba,\" added Samujjal Bhattacharjya, advisor, Aasu.Aasu warned both Das and Hazarika that they will carry out agitation against them if any more errors are committed by Seba as a result of the internal tussle. The two officials are at loggerheads for the past few months now, and Aasu while aiming its salvo on the two also warned the state government that if the students are made 'guinea pigs' then they would launch a state-wide agitation.\"We demand that the students be given admit cards as soon as possible and exams are held smoothly without any errors. Das and Hazarika should stop fighting. It has been seen that Seba always plays with the career of students. This year, there were reports that cows were chewing on exam papers which was quite shocking,\" said Bhattacharjya.Continuing its tirade against SEBA, Bhattacharjya added, \"This year too the SEBA failed to provide model question papers. Both Hazarika and Das have no moral right to continue. The state government should wake up and there are only talks about improving SEBA but no action.\" \"The board conducts only one exam and that is afflicted with anomalies. The exams are to be held on February 20 next year, and SEBA was supposed to give admit cards to the candidates three months before the scheduled date. Education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma spoke about committees to bring about a change but where are the changes?,\" asked Shankar Prasad Rai, Aasu president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513865", "title": "Pak, Gambia pip India in child care ranking", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a damning indictment of India's commitment to maternal and child care, a report ranks the nation as 31st among 51 countries when it comes to infant feeding practices, exclusive breastfeeding, baby-friendly hospitals and policies, maternity protection and community outreach. Worse, India has not only been beaten hollow by countries like China, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Sri Lanka but also Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Uganda and Saudi Arabia .The report by a global body \u00e2\u20ac\u201d International Baby Food Action Network (IBFAN) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d reveals glaring gaps in the policy and programmes of the 51 countries that boasts of two-thirds of the world's children born annually.According to the report, only 34 million (of the 83 million children born in these countries every year) were exclusively breastfed during the first six months as recommended by the WHO and Unicef. Similarly, Unicef's 2012 report says that of the 136 million babies born each year globally, 78 million could not follow WHO's recommendation to begin breastfeeding within one hour of life and 92 million babies are deprived of exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months.While Sri Lanka tops the charts, Bangladesh and Afghanistan rank 6th and 12th. Nepal and China jointly occupy the 24th slot. India has been beaten by poorer nations like Guatemala and Gambia .Calling for awareness about the benefits of breastfeeding, women and child development minister Krishna Tirath said that the maternity protection scheme was being expanded to ensure all women could avail cash benefits.Speaking on the report, IBFAN's regional coordinator for Asia Arun Gupta said campaigns by the baby food industry had stalled India's growth for the last seven years. He demanded stronger laws and enforcement, adding, \"Advertisements by the baby food industry that undermine the mother's right and ability to breastfeed exclusively for six months are punishable by a mere fine of Rs 5,000 and a jail term of three months. This is hardly a deterrent.''Sri Lanka, Maldives, Kenya and Malawi are on top, while Taiwan, Indonesia, Mexico, and Egypt bring up the rear. Certain significant gaps are found in almost all the countriprogrammes, weak implementation of international code for marketing of breast milk substitutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17514902", "title": "Paldi school shuts down, parents protest", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Parents of students studying in Pallavi Vidyalaya in Paldi staged a protest at the District Education Office (DEO) on Thursday after the school abruptly downed the shutters post Diwali vacation.Students of the school were greeted with a board which said that the schools had been closed and parents should take the Leaving Certificate and get their children admitted in another school.This sudden downing of shutters angered the parents who staged a protest at DEO premises. School authorities said that the school was closed at the directives of the DEO as the school had low number of students.The school had only 117 students while six teachers were employed by the school. This was revealed by a Right To Information ( RTI) application which revealed that the school had very less number of students to justify the grant given by the state government. The DEO took action and asked the school to close down. The teachers were allocated jobs in different schools.However, the DEO officials told the parents that they would help the parents take admission of their wards in any school in Paldi itself. \"Parents should contact us if they face any problem in getting their child admitted in any Paldi school. We will ensure that justice is done\", said a DEO official.Parents also said that the school had charged them Rs 1200 fee which was very high since the school was a grant-in-aid school. \"We will inquire into the matter and if the school has overcharged, the fee will be reimbursed to the parents\", officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17513447", "title": "Police bid to rescue abducted workers", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur Police have launched a manhunt to rescue two workers of a private construction firm. Both of them are excavator operators of an Imphal-based private construction firm and militants have demanded Rs 1.5 crore ransom for their release.On Thursday, workers of the firm staged a sit-in against the abduction of their colleagues in front of their office at Patsoi here. The two - H Suresh (22) of Khaidem village in Imphal west district and J Barbuiya (27) of Assam's Hailakandi district - were kidnapped by four unknown armed persons who came in a car on November 24 last from Keithelmanbi area along Imphal-Silchar highway, sources said.On November 25, a caller, who identified himself as a member of a militant group, demanded Rs 1.5 crore from the firm's managing director for the workers' safe release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17515255", "title": "Yarn importers devise route to evade duty", "text": "SURAT: While the Government of India has imposed anti-dumping duty on all segments of synthetic yarn including nylon, polyester and viscose imported from countries like China, Korea, Chinese Taipie, Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia , yarn importers in the country's biggest man-made fabric hub have started indulging in circular import to skip the duty.In a first of its kind case, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) on Wednesday raided a city-based yarn importer on the charges of importing more than 16 tonnes of imported viscose yarn from South Korea via US in order to skip paying anti-dumping duty worth Rs 40 lakh.The DRI sleuths seized the container from Nhava Sheva port in Mumbai. The accused had submitted fake certificates pertaining to the country of origin.With finance ministry imposing anti-dumping duty from 5 per cent to 16.90 per cent on all types of imported yarns in the past fortnight, domestic spinners - yarn manufacturers - have increased yarn prices by 30 per cent per kilogram.The unprecedented increase in yarn prices has cast a dark shadow on the city's weaving sector, which is totally dependent on various types of synthetic yarns. City's textile industry , which contributes to nation's 40 per cent of the man-made fibre demand, has more than 6.5 lakh powerloom machines weaving about 3 crore metres of cloth per day with an annual consumption of 6 lakh metric tonnes of different types of yarns and fibres.Market sources said yarns and fibres, including nylon filament yarn (NFY), polyester filament yarn (PFY), polyester yarn (POY), viscose filament yarn (VFY) etc. manufactured in China is 20 per cent cheaper than the ones manufactured by domestic players. Following the imposition of anti-dumping duty, domestic manufacturers of yarns and fibres have got a free hand to increase the prices, especially when the demand increases from the local market.\"The domestic spinners are taking advantage of anti-dumping duty, as they know that the import of yarn from China and other countries has become a costly affair. They want to earn as much profit as possible from the weavers,\" said a yarn dealer. \"However, many yarn importers have resorted to circular trading in order to get the raw material on cheaper rates from South Korea,\" he added.\"This is just the tip of an ice-berg. We have started a thorough investigation into the circular trading of yarn imported from South Korea and other Asian countries that attract anti-dumping duty,\" said a DRI officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514071", "title": "Order to reveal AIIMS papers set aside", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday set aside a Central Information Commission's order to AIIMS to provide an information seeker the questions and their answers for its MBBS entrance tests from 1991 to 2010.\"Having regard to an earlier judgement (on similar issue pertaining to AIIMS) of a division bench... The order of the CIC is set aside,\" Justice Rajiv Shakdher said. The order came on a plea to quash the apex transparency panel's order to provide question papers of MBBS entrances from 1991 to 2010 and their answers to information seeker Prakash Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17512970", "title": "Tiger mauls farmer near Tadoba buffer area", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A tiger killed a farmer near Talodhi village in Khadsangi range under the buffer zone of Tadoba Andhari Tiger reserve. The mutilated and half eaten body of the farmer was recovered from a farm near the forest on Thursday morning.Rajaram Thakre (60), a resident of Talodhi village, had gone to graze his cattle on his fields on Wednesday. In the evening the cattle came back to the village but Thakre didn't. Worried family members along with the villagers searched for him but couldn't find him. They resumed their search in the morning and found his half eaten body in the farm of Sheshrao Selokar.\"The fields are located adjacent to Kadsangi and FDCM forests. Apparently, the tiger killed Thakre and then dragged the dead body to the adjacent farm. The tiger had torn away an arm and had eaten some portion from the left side of the corpse,\" said ACF Arun Tikhe.A team of forest officers including RFO Khadsangi Vidya Wasav, RFO Chimur, LM Belekar and RFO Palasgaon, Rahul Sore led by ACF Tikhe rushed to the spot on being informed of the incident. \"The farmer was indeed killed by a tiger. We have found tiger pugmarks on the path along which the dead body had been dragged,\" said Tikhe, adding that a tiger was recently seen in the area.He said that as the dead body was badly mutilated, post mortem was carried out on the spot and later on was handed over to the kin. Forest officers also gave Rs15,000 to the kin of deceased to cover funeral expenses. A compensation of Rs1.85 lakh would be given to the Thakre's family after official formalities are fulfilled, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "17514764", "title": "Efforts on to make Pondy IT hardware hub again", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: The government of Puducherry is working towards regaining the region's status of a IT hardware hub. To that end, it is taking up a number of initiatives to make the region attractive to investors with focus on non-polluting industries.The initiatives include a new IT park near JIPMER, a single-point clearance agency and a new task force comprising representatives of government and industry to formulate an electronic policy offering fresh incentive packages for potential investors.Speaking at the national workshop on 'Electronic system design and manufacturing: advantage Puducherry', M Sathiyavathy, chief secretary, government of Puducherry said: \"We have conducted a study to find out why Puducherry lost a couple of investors and we found it was because the tax holiday on offer had ended and other states were offering better schemes. We will set up a task force to address these issues and come out with a policy for an attractive package for investors.\"Although she declined to offer details of financial incentives - apart from indicating that a financial policy which is industry friendly is on the way - because of the local elections, she said the government would notify the task force within one month.\"We would like to have players from industry as well as government to decide on what to do as we go ahead in IT and electronic industries. The task force can be an enabler in getting investments in Puducherry and making it the hardware capital of India.\"The government is also working on a new 50-acre IT park for which Crisil is the consultant. The park will offer 10 million sqft of built-up area and the government is \"keen on non-polluting industries that will not impact the ground water in the area,\" Sathiyavathy said.\"Crisil will come out with a preliminary report which will be submitted by the end of this month. Once that happens, we will invite expression of interest from investors under the PPP mode,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513606", "title": "Bus mows down two youths on NH-8", "text": "VADODARA: The Ahmedabad-Mumbai national highway (NH) 8 came to a halt on Thursday afternoon when two youngsters lost their life in accident. Residents of Dumad village staged angry protests near the highway claiming that the area witnesses lot of accidents regularly. According to the police, two youngsters traveling on a motorbike crashed into a luxury bus of GSRTC near Dumad crossroads.The spot where the accident occurred witnesses continuous traffic flow as people take diversions to reach the Vadodara-Ahmedabad Expressway. Sources said that one of the deceased was a resident of Dumad village. The police were yet to register FIR till evening. The highway witnessed heavy traffic jam for more than five hours as vehicles queued up on both sides of the road. A case of accident has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17514966", "title": "Gulfaraz was booked for the offence and the bike was seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The year 2012 saw speed demons back on the city streets to wreak havoc with their two-wheelers. From arson to murder, assault and rash driving, the bikers did it all this year.Though many of the bikers were put behind bars, they were soon released on bail. On November 26, two bikers unleashed terror on Amraiwadi roads as they stabbed six persons in back of thigh. One of the victims succumbed to injuries and the others had to be hospitalized for a week.When the crime branch finally caught them, the duo in their early twenties confessed that the ambition of becoming a don had driven them to commit such an act.In May this year, city police arrested two bikers and detained eight others for breaking windows of parked cars in western city parts. The group had damaged 14 cars at night in less than a month. The arrests were effected after police kept a watch on bikers' meeting late in the night near pann shops and eateries. Five bikes and two scooters were seized. The teens' parents were also booked for giving the vehicles to minors without license.Another crackdown took place in July when 17 teens in the age group of 16 and 19 years were caught for torching 12 parked bikes in the western city parts. The police said that youths, high on drugs, resorted to vandalism as it supposedly gave them a high and fun. All the teens came from upper middle class.P C Joshi, assistant commissioner of police, A Division, said that in most cases, the sections of Indian Penal Code and Motor Vehicle Act levied are related to rash driving, damage to property and putting others' lives in danger. \"It has been observed over a period of time that the unruly bikers take it as a thrill to get away with the crime. We had conducted an intensive operation before and during Navratri to keep a tab on such youths. This year, barring some of the minors, we've made it a point to levy serious charges against the miscreants,\" he said.The year also marked seizure of more than 10 superbikes, the latest being a Hayabusa near Vijay crossroads this week. Two Harley Davidson bikes were seized by Vastrapur police in August, whereas another Harley was seized by police in September after the rider rammed into a bicycle near Helmet crossroads, killing a youth. The youth involved in the accident is still to be caught by police.In eastern city parts, a major mishap saw two bikers dead after a head-on collision on Chamunda Bridge on November 16.What is the solution to rein in speed demons? A senior police official said that strict action that can become exemplary for others is the only way out. \"We also tried to sensitize the parents to the dangers of over-speeding and giving vehicles in hand of youngsters without word of caution. However, as it didn't make impact, we decided to register a case against all the accused in the case. This year alone, we booked a total of 27 teens between 16 and 19 years of age and arrested four,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514034", "title": "Nobel winner calls for check in car numbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Environmentalist R K Pachauri on Thursday suggested the need to introduce \"demand restraint measures\" in Delhi to put a check on the growing number of cars so that there was a check on pollution, congestion and accidents in the city.Speaking at a conference on urban mobility organized by the Union urban development ministry, Pachauri said average ownership of cars in Delhi was more than that in Singapore and Hong Kong. He said while in Delhi, there are 200 cars per 1,000 people, it's only 70-100 per 1,000 population in Hong Kong and Singapore. On an average, car ownership is only 13 per 1,000 people in India, he said.Pushing the need for restraint measures he said that \"ownership does not tantamount to use\" the vehicles that adds to the congestion and pollution. He also said that measures like hiking parking charges and other measures that cities like Singapore have put in place must be tried in the city.Earlier, housing and urban poverty alleviation minister Ajay Maken said Indian cities must learn from its neighbouring cities like Hong Kong, which has a robust public transport system, adequate facilities for pedestrians and all forms of non-motorized traffic. \"Between 1981 and 2001 six biggest cities in our country registered only 1.89 times increase in population while the number of registered vehicles has increased 7.75 times,\" Maken said.Raising the issue of unregulated realty development along the roads, highways secretary A K Upadhyaya said, that bypasses being built by NHAI are becoming like local roads because of huge ribbon development.Times ViewSome people may see the fact that Delhi has more cars per 1,000 people than Singapore or Hong Kong as evidence of the city's prosperity and hence take pride in it. That would be a complete misreading of the reality. The truth is that Delhiites having so many cars is a reflection of how poor the city's public transport infrastructure has historically been and continues to be in comparison to most major global cities. Inadequate public transport extracts a toll on the environment and on the pockets of those who have to use their own means of conveyance as a substitute. Delhi must, therefore, urgently add to its existing public transport facilities. The metro is a welcome addition, but is not enough by itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17514942", "title": "JDA reviews safety plan for roads", "text": "JAIPUR: Officials of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) conducted a review meeting on the ongoing drive on enforcing road safety measures in the city. During the meeting, it was decided to provide complete pavement for pedestrians and remove all encroachments.The officials also reviewd the progress of the ongoing work. The authority officials claims that 50 major accident-prone areas in the city have been identified and all efforts being made to make it safer.\"The height of the dividers has also been raised at Bhagwandas road, Janpath and Khatipura. JDA has also installed the hazard markers, cat eye and bollard on the roads to facilitate the commuters\" an official said. The meeting was convened after principal secretary (UDH) G S Sandhu asked JMC and JDA officials to start working on the safety plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513603", "title": "Farmers sell directly to customers", "text": "PUNE: Some farmers' group from rural parts of the district collectively sold about two and a half tonnes of vegetables directly to customers in parts of the city on Thursday - the sixth day of the commission agents' strike in the wholesale market. This brought down prices in the retail market to the last week's level, bringing some relief to customers.Since last three days, the agriculture produce market committee (APMC) has been appealing to the farmers to sell their produce directly in city areas instead of transporting them to the wholesale market. As the middlemen were bypassed, farmers were able to sell their produce at a lower rate but still booked decent profits. If vegetables are supplied to the wholesale market, the commission on trade, labour charges and cess cut into farmers' income.Kishor Bhosale, a farmer from Junnar tehsil, said, \"Two days ago we came to know that vegetables can be sold directly to customers, without transporting them to the commission agents. We parked our vehicle on the Karve Road and sold vegetables to customers. There was a very good response as vegetables were harvested on Wednesday evening and by Thursday morning we were selling them. We calculated all the input costs and sold leafy vegetables at Rs 8 per bunch while cabbage and cauliflower was sold at Rs 15 and Rs 18 per piece because we did not have the weighing machine.\"Groups of farmers also sold vegetables directly to customers in Hadapsar and Kothrud areas. The entire stock of vegetables brought by the farmers was sold within four hours.Vikram Salunkhe, a resident of Hadapsar, said, \"Vegetables sold by farmers were fresher than those sold by retail vendors who sit on the pavement. It would be better if farmers continue to sell vegetables like this, as it will offer us a good deal.\"But now that the commission agents' strike has been called off, the farmers said they will go back to the agriculture produce market committee (APMC).A farmer said, \"We are supplying vegetables to the commission agents for last many years. At times, I have borrowed money from the agents and repaid it in instalments. I do not want to break this relationship.\" He further said, \"If I wish to sell my vegetables directly to the customers in a particular locality there is no guarantee that the response from customers will be the same and I may have to wait for a long period, which I cannot afford, as I have to look after my farm.\" In such a situation, I will prefer to supply my vegetables to the commission agent, who offers me a lower rate but purchases everything,\" said the farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513893", "title": "Pune metro plan stirs from its slumber", "text": "PUNE: After a long lull, there is some movement on the Pune metro rail front with the Pune civic administration making a proposal to form a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) to implement the project. And in a major development, the city civic body seems to have mended differences with Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) to pave the way for carrying out work on the first corridor between Pimpri Chinchawad and Swargate station.In a proposal submitted to the civic standing committee earlier this week, municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak stated, \"As per the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) report there is a need to form an SPV to implement metro project in PMC and PCMC area. The PCMC has informed the PMC that it is ready for the first corridor between PCMC - Swargate. Hence the PMC should approve the same along with formation of SPV.\"That the PMC and PCMC are finally on the same page can give a much-needed boost to the project's implementation. So far, the two civic bodies had locked horns over the project's implementation, the bone of contention being the cost sharing of the first corridor, a part of which would pass through PCMC. The PCMC to Swargate route is 16.59 km long, of which 7.15 km would pass through PCMC area and the remaining 9.44 km would pass through Khadki Cantonment and PMC areas. At one point, the PMC had alleged that PCMC was dragging its feet on the project and had decided to drop the first corridor and start work on the second corridor where PCMC is not involved.But now, PCMC and PMC have agreed to start work on the disputed first corridor and form an SPV to implement the metro project as a whole. The two corporations have agreed upon a pro rata formula for calculating their total expense, where the respective corporations will contribute 10 % of the total project cost which will be calculated in proportion with the length of corridor in their limits.Earlier, the PMC standing committee had approved a resolution stating that the PMC and PCMC will each contribute 5 % of the total cost of the project. However, leaders in PCMC insisted that the corporation will contribute five per cent share of the cost of the metro route that runs within PCMC limits and not of the entire project.The civic administration's SPV proposal and first corridor will be discussed in the Pune civic body's standing committee on Tuesday.The first corridor plan had until now been put on the backburner, with the PMC concentrating on the second metro corridor that runs from Vanaz to Ramwadi, which the PMC had resolved to construct in 2010. It got the state cabinet's nod in June, 2012, when it approved the 14.925-km elevated route. For this corridor, the state government decided to follow the DMRC model, where PMC will contribute 10 % of the total project cost while the state and Centre will contribute 20 % each. It had then asked the PMC to form an SPV called the Pune Metro Rail Corporation (PMRC), which would raise the remaining 50 % using various options like build-operate-transfer (BOT) and public private partnership (PPP) and implement the whole project. It set a deadline of five years for the same. The state government had also decided to appoint a high-powered committee headed by the chief secretary to ensure the smooth implementation of the project.For now, with the cost sharing resolved between PMC and PCMC, observers say this should give the necessary impetus for the city to realize its metro rail dream.Pune Metro StatusPCMC to SwargateUnderground: 5.019 kmElevated: 11.570 kmTotal: 16.589 kmStations: Nine elevated and six undergroundStatus: PMC and PCMC resolve differences. After approval at local level the proposal will be forwarded to the state government.Vanaz to RamwadiUnderground: NilElevated: 14.925 kmStations: 15 elevated onesStatus: The state government has approved the project.DMRC CAUTIONS:\"The project densely populated areas along highly congested routes. Despite all efforts taken to mitigate inconveniences and hardships to public, certain sensitive land acquisitions and disruptions are unavoidable. If the project has to go through fast, a visible support to the project from the government and the city corporation should be available. If the project implementation is delayed, the city will become more crowded and it will be practically impossible to carry out construction activities later on. Therefore, a carefully drawn strategy is necessary for implementing this project\" - DMRC Report.PROPOSED FARESFOR 2013-14MINIMUM: Rs 8 up to2 km MAXIMUM: Rs 23 for over27 kmWhat Next?* An SPV, Pune Metro Rail Corporation, to be formed with the state's consent. The SPV will tap options to raise funds for Metro project.* The Detailed Project Report to be sent to the ministry of urban development, planning commission and finance ministry with the request to approve the metro project and for financial participation through equity contribution in the SPV", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17516425", "title": "Ubiquitous 'chhatris' disappearing from ghats", "text": "VARANASI: What would the majestic ghats of the city look like without bamboo parasols (chhatris)? Once ubiquitous, chhatris (bamboo parasols) are fast disappearing from the ghats and entering the restaurants and hotels as a tourist attraction.The craft of shaping the chhatris is known only to three artists of a family. The artistic grace of chhatris, which had become a speciality of the city and attracted buyers from across India and overseas, hold no fascination for the handicraft department. No efforts are being made to promote these umbrellas.There are 60 to 65 chhatris left at around 84 ghats. Even a cursory glance could reveal the condition of the existing ones as most of the chhatris have worn out. The bamboo umbrellas, which used to shelter pundits and sages on the banks of Ganga, are being replaced with artificial umbrellas made up of plastic and rexenne. There are only three artisans who reside in Ghausabad area and occasionally prepare chhatris. Shambhunath Benbansi, 85-year-old artisan had retired from the work, another octogenarian Saraswati Devi tries her hand in shaping chhatris whenever she feels nostalgic and when the order for a chhatri arrives once in a blue moon.Saraswati Devi said, \"Although the orders for the chhatri had gone down, the major problem of the downfall of the trade is that there are not many artisans engaged in it. After me, there is no one in the family. My son has acquired the skill but he is also a mechanic of automobiles.Business of chhatris is not enough to raise the family.\" Yhe cost of s chhatri has shot up to Rs 3,500. The ripen bamboo sticks are not available. Since there are not many working hands, the work gets stuck and customer often returns back. There were around 100 artisans in the city and many would sit around the ghats so that devotees and priests can purchase chhatris from them.The family has prepared and transported bamboo parasols to Kolkata, Mumbai, Haridwar, Delhi and even London in past 40 years.Regional cultural officer Ratnesh Verma said that a suggestion to remove artificial umbrellas was given to the advertisers and companies a few months ago. \"We suggested them to install bamboo umbrellas so that the ghats retain the original look, but this was not followed strictly.\" Putting the ball in the court of handicraft department, Verma said that the promotion of chhatris should be the responsibility of handicraft department.But, AK Verma, training officer, handicraft department, said that the crafting traditional chhatri is not an artwork and therefore handicraft department has no responsibility.Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) took initiative to replace and install as many as 100 chhatris on different ghats in March 2010. INTACH, Varanasi chapter, convener, Kalyan Krishna said that only 56 chhatris could be installed at ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17515033", "title": "Babus have to furnish asset details by Jan 31", "text": "PATNA: Bihar cadre IAS officers have been asked to submit details about their immovable assets by January 31 next year. A Bihar government circular on December 4 has made it mandatory for them to furnish details of their immovable properties.All India Service (Conduct) Rules, 1968, require IAS, IPS and Indian Forest Service officials, among others, to declare their immovable assets by January 31 every year.Joint secretary, general administration department, Anand Bihari Prasad, in a letter to all Bihar cadre IAS officers, on December 4, said that all the officers have to submit three copies of their asset details. The format is already available on the department website. The completed form after submission would also be uploaded on the government of India website, said an official.Bihar government has also made it mandatory for all the IAS officers of the state cadre on deputation to the Centre to submit the details of their assets on the lines of those serving in the state.Last year, the government had issued a warning that those ignoring the order would not get their salaries next month. \"We'll act tough if they do not comply with the directive by the end of next month,\" the official said, adding a reminder to all officers on central deputation to submit their asset forms at the earliest would be sent latest by this week.The Nitish-led NDA government has earned praise for going ahead with its promise to put the asset declaration of bureaucrats on the government website. CM Nitish Kumar , deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , besides 28 of their cabinet colleagues have already declared their assets which are now available on the government websites. More than 4.5 lakh government employees from Grade I to Grade III, too, have already declared their assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17517897", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Group leaders Punjab to take on revamped Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A revamped Mumbai, with regular captain Ajit Agarkar back after missing last three games due to injury, will take on high-flying Punjab in the four-day Ranji Trophy Group A league tie at the Wankhede stadium from Saturday.The home team, third in the pool standings with 10 points from four games behind toppers Punjab (29 from 5) and Madhya Pradesh (11 from 4), would look for an outright victory for boosting their points tally in their quest to enter the knockout rounds as one of the three teams from the group.Punjab, on a roll this season by winning four games out of five and certain to make the grade, would also be keen to beat the 39-time champions in their own den after losing to Mumbai by nine wickets in their previous match.The visiting team has been propped up by the return to the helm of Harbhajan Singh , released by the Indian team management in Kolkata to play this game along with Mumbai's Ajinkya Rahane . Both of them failed to find a berth in the playing XI in the ongoing third Test against England.Harbhajan would be fired up to get back to his best and ensure his berth in the playing XI for the fourth Test of the series in Nagpur commencing two days after the scheduled end of the Ranji game, marking his 100th Test.In the off spinner's absence, after he had led the side to an innings' win over Hyderabad at home, Punjab have done outstandingly well.But all their resounding victories have been recorded in their backyard at the Mohali stadium, and their only away game -- against Railways at Bhubaneswar -- had ended in a draw.With the Mohali track traditionally helping medium pacers, Punjab's new ball trio Sandeep Sharma (29 wickets from five games and Siddharth Kaul (27 in 5) had reaped rich rewards along with Manpreet Gony (16 in 4).But the Wankhede track may not offer as much assistance to the pace bowlers and Harbhajan would be needed to get into the wicket taking act in a big way along with his underperforming spin mates - leggie Rahul Sharma and left arm Bipul Sharma.Harbhajan had picked up three second innings wickets in the only game he had played - against Hyderabad - while the two Sharmas too have taken just one wicket more each than the former in the tournament so far.In batting, Punjab have relied upon their new-found prolific opener Jiwanjot Singh (619 runs from just five games with three hundreds - including a double on debut against Hyderabad), wicket keeper Uday Kaul (377 from 5) and Karan Goel (213 from 5).Mainstays Mandeep Singh (89 runs in 5) and Mayank Sidhana (174 in 4) would need to find form against Mumbai to help their side dominate the hosts' bowling attack, which wears a different look with the return of the experienced Agarkar and last year's find Balwinder Singh Sandhu (Jr).Also back in the host team's ranks is left-arm spinner and handy lower-order batsman Iqbal Abdullah , but it remains to be seen whether he gets into the eleven in the presence of the performing Ankit Chavan.The worry for Mumbai is their largely toothless attack. Abhishek Nayar , better known for his batting skills, surprisingly came out tops with a 6-13 haul against Bengal in the second innings of the last game which the home team failed to win.Dhawal Kulkarni and the axed Avishkar Salvi and Kshemal Waingankar proved ineffective on a seaming Brabourne Stadium track prompting Mumbai selectors to ring in changes in the new ball attack by including Sandhu and Shardul Thakur.Off spinner Ramesh Powar , with only four wickets from four games under his belt, is lucky to retain his spot.In batting, Mumbai have been strengthened by the return of Rahane, who scored a half century and a century in the opening game against Railways at the same venue before joining the Indian Test team.Nayar has been in top form (411 runs in 4 games) along with fellow left-hander Hiken Shah (414 in three matches with three back to back 100s), while Rohit Sharma (244 in four matches) has been inconsistent.Attacking batsman Suryakumar Yadav has regained his place after flopping in the first couple of games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17514896", "title": "3-day music fest to regale Jaipurites", "text": "JAIPUR: Music lovers in Jaipur will have yet another festival to look forward to, this time of a different genre. Shree Music Festival, an initiative by Rajasthan Forum along with Jaipur Citizen Forum to provide national platform to Rajasthan's art and artists, would be organized at the Jawahar Kala Kendra from December 7-9.\"This is first of its kind music festival happening in Jaipur where local talent will get an opportunity to perform with renowned music exponents,\" said H M Bangur, managing director, Shree Cements Ltd.The festival will also pay a rich tribute to all the musical legends from the state who passed away in recent times. Mehdi Hassan, Ustad Sultan Khan, Jagjit Singh , Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar, Ustad Asad Ali Khan, Gopi Ji Bhatt and Nirmal Mishra will be remembered during the opening ceremony.The entry to the festival is free and the performances will begin at 6 pm daily. Eminent artists including Pt Shiv Kumar Sharma, Hariharan, Pt. Vishwa Mohan Bhatt, Bickram Ghosh are set to regale city's music lovers.The itinerary for day one includes performance by upcoming classical singer from Jaipur Mohd Amaan, Salil Bhatt accompanied by Cassius Khan from Canada on the tabla, Manesha Agarwal and Pt. Shiv Kumar Sharma. Day two would host Rajendra Vaishnav and Bickram Ghosh. And day three would see Amrita Dalal, Pt. Vishwamohan Bhatt and A. Hari Haran. The tabla accompanist during the festival would be by Pt. Ramkumar mishra and Mahendra Shankar Dangi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17514581", "title": "Ind vs Eng: Alastair Cook puts India on back foot", "text": "KOLKATA: After winning all three sessions on Day I of the third Test against India, England again ticked all the boxes on the second day to move into the driver's seat at the Eden Gardens on Thursday with their in-form skipper Alastair Cook leading the way.Scorecard | Match In PicsThe skipper's third consecutive century of this series, a stupendous, unbeaten on 136, helped England end Day 2 on a comfortable 216 for the loss of Nick Compton's wicket. Jonathan Trott (21) was giving Cook company when stumps were drawn with England just 100 runs adrift of India's first innings tally of 316.On a sluggish surface, Cook and Compton cut out flamboyance and applied themselves diligently to the task of laying a solid foundation for the England innings . Their cause was helped by Indian bowlers, who struggled with their line, length and variation throughout the day.India's new-ball bowlers, Zaheer Khan and Ishant Sharma , the latter making a comeback after a 10-month layoff, not only failed to trouble the batsmen, but also gave away easy runs to help the English openers to settle down.Team India, which has looked powerless to stop Cook in the series, will surely rue the missed opportunity to send back the English captain in the third over after lunch. Cook nicked Zaheer's outgoing delivery but Cheteshwar Pujara could not latch on to a low catch at first slip. Cook never looked back after that and mixed caution with aggression to take full toll on India's insipid bowling.He was particularly effective against the spinners, using his height and long reach to negate the turn and sweep them off their length. Neither Ashwin nor Pragyan Ojha were able to settle down as Cook and Compton also used their feet to help themselves to a six each.Compton got to his maiden half-century shortly before his skipper brought up his landmark 23rd Test hundred \u00e2\u20ac\u201d - most by an Englishman. India were lucky to pick up the only wicket to fall in the England innings when Compton completely missed the line of an Ojha delivery and was struck on his pad while trying to sweep. Umpire Rod Tucker raised the finger after having initially shaken his head in denial. TV replays later confirmed that the ball had come off Compton's glove before hitting the pad. By then, Compton and Cook had already added 165 runs.A clearly demoralised Indian team failed to mount any pressure on the out-of-form Trott and allowed him to settle down.ALASTAIR'S LANDMARKSCook, during his unbeaten 136 on Thursday, has established a number of milestones:Cook, at 27 years 347 days, has become the youngest to complete 7,000 runs in Tests, eclipsing Tendulkar's feat (28 years 193 days). Cook is the tenth to reach 7,000 for England Cook now has most Test hundreds (23) for England Cook has extended his world record for most tons (5) in consecutive Tests as captain since taking over the charge Cook's tally to 493 (ave 164.33) is the highest by an England skipper in a series in India. Cook is the fifth overseas player to hit three tons in a series in India. Others are Everton Weekes (4, 1948-49 ), Garry Sobers (3, 1970-71 ), Ken Barrington (3, 1961-62 ), Hashim Amla (3, 2009-10 ).Cook's record in the subcontinent: 1733 at 61.89 with 7 centuries Cook is the fourth England player to post three centuries in a series against India, joining Ken Barrington (1961-62 ), Graham Gooch (1990) and Michael Vaughan (2002)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513778", "title": "CPM seeks Congress help in assembly", "text": "KOLKATA: The Left going a whole hog against the Congress-led government in Parliament on the FDI issue won't come in the way of the party cozying up with the Congress in Bengal. CPM MLAs are ready for floor coordination with the Congress in the state assembly to mount pressure on the Trinamool government.CPM veteran and former land and land reforms minister Abdur Rezzak Mollah recently rang Congress Legislative Party (CLP) leader in the assembly Mohammed Sohrab, seeking an appointment with the latter. Sohrab has welcomed Mollah, but has no inkling about the CPM veteran's proposal.\"We know each other for the last 40 years. So when Rezzak Mollah called me over telephone and offered to meet me, it was quite natural to welcome him. He told me that he wants to come to me as a younger brother. He didn't tell me anything else. Let him give his proposal and we will talk over it and decide our stand in the CLP meeting,\" Sohrab said.The CPM veteran, on the other hand, went out of his way to clarify that his party is not compromising its policy differences with the Congress. \"It has nothing to do with policy matters. The time allotted for the opposition parties is too short to raise all the issues. Out of the 50% time allotted for the opposition, the Left will get 25% and the Congress 25%. There is no point wasting time by raising the same issues. We are thus looking for better time management on the assembly floor and get into some sort of a floor coordination with the Congress. There are some issues which we want to flag, leaving others to the Congress,\" the CPM MLA said.Mollah wasn't insisting though. \"I will moot the proposal. It is up to the Congress to decide whether it will buy my proposal or choose to part ways. The Left will thus have to raise their own issues within the allotted time,\" the former minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17514399", "title": "45th Tulu film is a laugh riot", "text": "Mangalore: Tulu film industry's 45th offering Telikeda Bolli (Star of Laughter), which will hit the screens in seven cinemas across Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts on Thursday, has yet again raised expectations among Tulu cine goers.Dormant for better part of the 43 years that the industry has been in existence, the industry has been active in the past two years with as many as six films being released, Telikeda Bolli being the latest among them. What makes followers of this film industry curious about the fortunes of the latest film is that Telikeda Bolli is touted as the most costly Tulu film ever produced to date. The team of this film has also managed to get three theatres for the film in Mangalore itself, a feat which the earlier highest grossing Tulu film Oriyardori Asal could not manage. Incidentally, Bangarada Kural too was released in seven theatres in Udupi and DK but only in two in the city. Jagannath Shetty Bala, member, Karnataka Tulu Sahitya Academy said Telikeda Bolli produced by Sudheer Kamath and Sharmila Devdas Kapikad under the Central Cinemas banner is an out and out comedy based on a triangular love plot. \"What Telikeda Bolli has done is that its big budget and involvement of big names such as Guru Kiran has raised expectations among cine viewers who post Asal are expecting more from Tulu films,\" he said. Tamma Lakshman, Tulu film art director and industry critic avers that the industry has come a long way ever since the first Tulu film Yenna Thangadi was released in 1971. While handful of 44 films prior to Tellikeda Bolli touched the magical number of 100-days, Tulu film producers off late spurred by the success of Oriyardori Asal that ran for 175-days seem more sure of their product and are not averse to investing amounts deemed big for regional films, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17515029", "title": "Kashmir clashes spike hotel bookings in HP", "text": "SHIMLA: Fallout of recent sectarian clashes in Srinagar has spiked year-ender booking at hotels across the state, even as the tourism department has planned out Masroor cultural festival in Kangra to coincide with the festive week.Talking to newspersons, Sudripta Roy, chief secretary said, \"There has been a sudden increase in tourist bookings for the last week of this year and the first week of next year. We are almost booked to near capacity.\"\"The government was in touch with civil aviation ministry for getting Air India to operate flights to Dharamshala, Kullu and Shimla so that high end tourists who would like to be part of the New Year celebrations at our hill resorts get to avail the service,\" he said. With grounding of Kingfisher Airlines , the only operator, who was plying flights to these destinations, the three airports have been lying idle for months.To diversify tourism from crowded destinations like Shimla and Manali, the concept of home stays under the promotional campaign of 'Har Gaon Ki Kahani' has caught the fancy of tourists, said Roy. The scheme intends to adopt another village in each district, besides the 12 already taken up for developing basic infrastructure in the adopted villages. By Feburary 13 next year ,12 rural circuits to these villages would be operational.Holding of the Masroor cultural and folk festival is part of this campaign and the second such festival would be held in the last of this month, he added.The chief secretary said that in the absence of any rail network, air connectivity; road transport was facing infrastructural constraints and funds had been marked for developing 75 parking lots and 40 public conveniences.Of the Rs 86 Cr provided by the central government for improvement of tourism infrastructure, Rs 52 crore had been spent and the remaining would be utilized by March 13.In addition the central government had provided an additional Rs 34 crore for developing a mega circuit, he said.Till October, tourism has grown by 10.26 percent over last year, said Arun Sharma, commissioner tourism. Against 14.6 million tourists, 15 million in the corresponding period had already visited the state, he added.The tourism department is executing works worth Rs 52 crore and has also spent Rs 2.5 crore on eco-tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513697", "title": "Prisoners find their voice on canvas", "text": "KOLKATA: The lawns of Victoria Memorial will be a picture of freedom, albeit for a few hours on Monday and Tuesday.At least 20 convicts, who are serving life sentences for crimes they had committed, will leave the ramparts of their confinement to participate in an open-air art workshop, organized jointly by the state prisons department and Victoria Memorial to celebrate the World Human Rights Day on December 10-11. The event is a part of the state's unique art therapy programme for prisoners' reform, being organized since 2007.While a section of prisoners, who have a knack for music and dance, are being trained in that form of performing art, the ones with a flair for painting are undergoing training by leading painters.Some prisoners have excelled in both performing art and fine art, so much so that those in performing art now take part in shows across the country, while those in fine art exhibit and sell their paintings regularly.Though the prisoners associated with the dance drama, Balmiki Pratibha, are getting a chance to leave the prison premises temporarily for their shows, those in the fine art do not have this privilege. Hence, this open air workshop. that will not have any security and any visitor can stand beside the painters and observe them as they paint.Leading painters and sculptors like Uma Siddhanta, Ramananda Bandopadhyay, Rabin Mondol, Subrata Gangopadhyay and Chitto Dey will also take part in the workshop paint sitting on the lawns alongside the painters. They too are excited. \"So what if the world calls them criminals. As lifers they have already been stamped dangerous. But when they paint, they are artists and art is a great leveller. I will enjoy painting alongside them, and who knows, I might even stumble upon a great idea,\" said painter Ramananda Bandopadhyay. He has often visited the Alipore Central Jail to observe the way they paint and encourage them.All the 20 painters are being trained under have learnt painting fromChitto Dey, the sculptor who is famous for his Pakhi Pahar, a hillock in Purulia where he is engraving a flight of birds. Though essentially a sculptor, Dey also paints and is training the prisoners to express their feelings in colour. \"Their canvases are stark and you will find a lot of black and grey in them. They are extremely mature in their expressions and their canvases are full of boundary walls, locks and little or no sky,\" said Dey.Of the 20 lifers, there are at least five who are aged above 60 years. The oldest painter, Srikanto Halder, is 83-years-old. The canvas and colours will be provided by the Victoria Memorial and an exhibition will be organized after the workshop for the public. to come and admire them.The state prisons department will allow sale of these paintings. Among the 20 lifers, six are women from the Alipore Women's Correctional Home.Inspector general (prisons), Ranvir Kumar, said his department has taken up art therapy as a challenge. \"It was started by my predecessor as a reform movement in prisons and we have seen remarkable results. We have observed that there has been a change in the behaviour of the prisoners after they started getting involved in different art forms. If this workshop proves a success, we will have many more like this in days ahead,\" Kumar said.The state prisons department has been implementing a unique art therapy concept on prisoners to reform them, since 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17513244", "title": "Nutrition week concludes", "text": "INDORE: Nutrition Week celebrated at Subhdeep College of Nursing, concluded on Thursday. On the occasion, various competitions related to nutrition and food were organised for the students of the college. Director of the college Mukesh Goswami said that the objective of organising the week was to raise awareness among the students about diet, which is important for the proper care of patients. \"Improper food intake can lead to various diseases so budding nurses need to understand the food and nutrition,\" said Goswami.Green Day: Kasera Bazaar Vidhya Niketan and Academy on Thursday celebrated Green Day along with various competitions related to the theme. Students were briefed about the importance of greenery and environment. On this occasion, various students have come in fancy dresses based on the theme. Vaishali Khare, principal of the school informed that the aim of organising the day was to raise awareness in students about the benefits of fruits and vegetables and their importance for healthy living.Choitram Netralaya: A free eye disease camp was inaugurated at Choithram Nethralaya, which plans to conduct 9,000 cataract operations for next 45 days. On the first day of the camp nearly 200 operations were performed. The camp was inaugurated by collector Akash Tripathi. Trustee of the hospital Ashwini Verma informed that the camp will last till January 11, 2013. A free transport service has also been arranged for facilitating the patients. He said, \"We aim to make rural people of the area to get them rid of cataract. During the camp we will inform patients about the activities of the camp and facilities available.\" The camp is organised in collaboration with Sadguru Sewa Sangh Trust of Rajkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513788", "title": "Calendar to pay tribute to Sawai Gandharva artistes", "text": "PUNE: 'Swara Nakshatra' a calendar paying tribute to some of the luminaries who have shared the dais of the prestigious Sawai Gandharva music festival will be released on December 11 which is the first day of the 60th edition of the popular music festival.Noted photographer Sateesh Paknikar who has prepared the calendar said on Thursday that it has the maestros who have performed several times at the festival. The artistes who have been featured in the calendar include Gangubai Hangal, Firoz Dastur, Vasantrao Deshpande, Bhimsen Joshi, Kumar Gandharva, Girijadevi, Jitendra Abhisheki, Jasraj, Sangameshwar Gurav, Prabha Atre, Malini Rajurakar and Begum Parveen Sultana . \"I have listed some of the favorite ragas of these artists that they have performed at this festival. The niceties of those ragas and 'bandish' will be a treat for music lovers\", Paknikar said in a statement issued here.Paknikar will also publish a souvenir to mark the 60{+t}{+h} year of the festival comprising a panoramic photograph of 'Sawai Gandharva' festival.In this panorama, one will get the entire mood of this festival - the ambience and the disciplined connoisseurs. At the background, this panorama will have 60 images of the stalwarts who have performed in the last 60 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515485", "title": "STP builders are fined 10.7 cr for slow work", "text": "GURGAON: Following the delay in the construction work of the Dhanwapur and Behrampur Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs), the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has slapped fines amounting to Rs 10.70 crore on the two private firms who were given the contracts.Confirming the development, executive engineer A K Makan said: \"The notice about the penalty has been issued to the two firms over the slow progress of the projects. HUDA has imposed the fines as per the contractual agreement signed before the projects were handed over.\"Before slapping the penalty, HUDA had carried out a detailed assessment of the progress at the two sites. \"At the Dhanwapur plant, the progress is slow and it has been pointed out to the private company.The work relating to the civil, mechanical and electrical departments has not made much progress,\" said Makan. The firm will have to pay a fine of Rs 8.70 crore.The authority had spent crores of rupees on the construction of the Dhanwapur STP and the project is likely to be completed in September 2013.Officials claimed that given the tardy pace of work, it seems unlikely the project would meet the deadline. The private company has given a detailed schedule of completion of the project; but HUDA went ahead and penalized the company.\"HUDA has taken the steps as per the norms and the penalty will be deducted from the accounts on the private firm in a phased manner, as per the agreement signed earlier,\" said another HUDA official. The plant, with a capacity of 100MLD, is crucial for bolstering the sewage treatment capacity of the city.Earlier, HUDA had sent a notice to the firm and cautioned the company about the slow progress of the project.According to sources, in the case of the Behrampur STP, HUDA slapped a fine of Rs 2 crore.The firm and HUDA have had differences over the operations of the STP and the tender relating to the upgradation of the plant. The private firm managing the plant had even threatened to stop operations over the delay in payment.Senior HUDA officials said the firm has to first pay up for the slow progress of work and if it decides to stop the operation then action would be taken as per the contract signed between HUDA and the firm. \"If the firm chooses to take any such action it should be ready to face action,\" said another HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17514479", "title": "State justifies denial of permission to PRP for granite quarrying", "text": "MADURAI: The state government on Wednesday submitted the evolution report before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, justifying the denial of permission to PRP Exports, a granites company, to continue its quarrying operations. The court was hearing the appeal filed by the government against the single judge order of the Madurai bench.Advocate general (AG) A Navaneetha Krishnan who submitted the report told the court that it is difficult for the authorities to identify the boundaries of PRP, which has a total of 56 quarries. Of the 56, surveys have been carried out in 28 quarries only, so far. The remaining work is going on by engaging 300 officials.\"A single quarry has made loss to the government to the tune of Rs 600 crore. Hence, the Madurai collector has sent a report to the government to cancel the lease agreements, as the company violated many norms of the Act and provisions of the agreement,\" the AG said.The former collector of Madurai U Sagayam had conducted a preliminary inquiry at PRP Exports in Keelavalavu in Melur taluk, based on several complaints received by the government. Finally, he identified the large-scale illegal mining activity at the firm by which the state has faced a huge loss to the tune of several thousands of crores of rupees. Following government action, the company was sealed.The single judge of the Madurai bench had passed orders on November 2 directing the district collector of Madurai to permit the company to carry out their quarry operation over the leased property strictly in terms of lease which is admitted in force. Aggrieved by this order, a writ appeal was filed on behalf of the district authority, special government pleader M Govindan said.On Wednesday, the appeal came up before the division bench comprising Justices K N Basha and P Devadass.The senior counsel R K Krishnamoorthy, who appeared on behalf of PRP, told the court that the authorities are trying to conceal the single judge's order, which allowed the company to continue quarry operations on the leased land. The company has to give salaries to nearly 10,000 workers. Hence, the court should reject the state's appeal.The AG told the court that even though the lease agreements are in force, there were illegal mining operations from day one onwards.Besides, as far as workers' salary issue was concerned, the company did not furnish the list contained the names of the workers, as per the single judge's earlier order, so far, the AG said.Coming down on the company, the bench said that the court is interested to protect the interests of workers. So that order has been passed regarding workers. Whileso, why did the company not provide the list of workers to the government, the court asked.Meantime, as there was a huge crowd of workers in the court hall to see the hearing, the court told that the company should tell the workers that they need not gather in the court hall as it is not a public meeting.After hearing both the sides, the bench posted the matter to December 18 for final hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512740", "title": "Crowd heckles, abuses Manipuri playwright", "text": "BANGALORE: Manipuri playwright and theatre artiste Swar Thounaojam, who has made Bangalore her home, was allegedly abused and heckled by a mob of passersby on DVG Road late Wednesday night.In a complaint filed with Basavanagudi police on Thursday, she alleged that the crowd misbehaved with her and abused her after a two-wheeler rammed her car at Nettakallappa Circle the previous night. She also filed a complaint in connection with the accident.Swar, 32, said she was returning to her Sarjapur Road residence from her DVG Road workplace when the incident happened. \"Around 8pm, I was waiting at Nettakallappa Circle when a white Honda Activa rear-ended my car. I got down and asked the rider for compensation,\" she said. He is said to have got into a heated argument with her.Swar said she sought the help of a traffic policeman near the spot. With both vehicles parked on the road, traffic piled up on DVG Road and Nettakallappa Circle was clogged. \"The traffic policeman asked me to move my car first and I did that. By then, a huge crowd gathered around me and started abusing me,\" Swar said.An investigating officer said Swar delayed moving her car and that provoked other road users. \"The traffic constable repeatedly told her to move the car. But she apparently did not understand as he spoke in Kannada,\" he said.The officer said Swar described police pressure on her to move the care as \"harassment\".Irked by the crowd behaviour, Swar began taking pictures of them with her mobile. \"This further angered the crowd. One stranger behaved in a lewd manner and started stripping,\" police added.A shopkeeper on DVG Road said Swar swore at the mob, \"I'll teach you all a lesson.\" This only angered them further.Basavanagudi police detained a sweet meat seller but Swar said he wasn't in the crowd. \"Plainclothesmen will take me to the same spot on Thursday night. I'll try to identify the miscreants,\" Swar said. \"But there were no drunk men in the crowd,\" she clarified.Don't create blocks, say policeACP (traffic) MA Saleem said almost all traffic policemen carry cameras with them. \"Unless it's a fatal accident, we ask owners to move their vehicles after taking photos. With this, we can prevent traffic jams,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17513723", "title": "SAD leader, accomplice held for killing ASI", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Punjab police on Thursday arrested a local ruling Shiromani Akali Dal leader along with one of his accomplices a day after they gunned down a policeman when he tried to stop them from harassing his daughter in Amritsar's Chheharta area.Police said two of Ranjit Singh's accomplices were still on the run.The outrage over assistant sub-inspector Ravinderpal Singh's murder forced the state government to fly director general of police Sumedh Singh Saini to Amritsar, where he dismissed Chheharta police station SHO Arun Sharma for dereliction of duty in the case.Saini instructed cops to even accept verbal complaints of sexual harassment by children to prev-ent such incidents.The DGP told journalists that he has ordered a probe into the role of policemen in this case. \"Strict action would be taken against anyone found guilty of dereliction of duty,\" he said.\"One of our colleagues has been shot dead and we cannot take it lightly.\"Saini said the police have launched an operation across five districts to catch the two \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sandeep Rampal and Gurbir Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who were on the run.He said the police have recovered three weapons and the vehicles used for the crime. \"Prabjit Singh, the other accused, was apprehended after he fired on a police party during a raid.\"The DGP maintained that there was \"no law and order problem\" and that the murder could have been prevented had Chheharta SHO reacted. \"The ASI's daughter had lodged a verbal complaint with the Chheharta police station SHO, but he did not act.\"Earlier, Saini met the ASI's family along with cabinet minister Bikram Singh Majithia. Opposition leader Sunil Jakhar and chief parliamentary secretary Navjot Kaur Sidhu also met the family.\"The culprits should be arrested and shot dead at the same chowk the way they shot Ravinderpal Singh. This will bring some relief to the victim's family. If policemen can meet this kind of fate, who will protect the common man,\" asked Kaur.Jakhar called for a probe to find out who had sheltered Ranjit Singh. \"There are several persons like him who enjoy political patronage,\" he said. He said chief minister Parkash Singh Badal should own responsibility for such cases and sort them out or step down. \"The Congress would take up the issue in the assembly and stage a dharna in Amritsar.\" Badal said nobody would be allowed to take the law in his own hands, whosoever high or influential he may be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17512579", "title": "Parrikar launches Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan for Bardez", "text": "MAPUSA: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has launched the block level Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA) for Bardez taluka in the presence of several ministers, MLAs and panchayat members at a function organized at Bodgeshwar hall, Mapusa on Thursday.NBA is a centrally sponsored scheme on rural sanitation under the ministry of drinking water and sanitation, government of India. Public works department (PWD) is the implementing agency in the state.The main objectives of the NBA are to improve the general quality of life in the villages, accelerate sanitation coverage, health education, promotion of hygiene, inculcating sanitation habits and overall cleanliness in the village.A action plan for implementation of NBA at the village panchayat level was also launched. The panchayats will have to constitute village water and sanitation committee (VWSC) for implementation of the program.The program will ensure that all Anganwadis are connected with toilets and solid and liquid waste management activities like compost pit, vermin composting, biogas plants etc at the village panchayats.\"Hygiene is forgotten, cleanliness should start at home, PWD workers should take the program seriously and sincerely, they should spread awareness about various schemes under the program,\" Parrikar said.PWD minister Sudin Dhavalikar said, \"Around 90,000 toilets at Anganwadis, schools and for needy houses will be constructed under the Health Act.\"Urban development minister Francis D'Souza said that with the increasing population and tourist arrivals in the state, garbage management has become a challenge and people should cooperate with the government in resolving he problem. Water resources development minister Dayanand Mandrekar said that Bardez is not getting enough water supply because of the leakages and that PWD should pay attention to that problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17518268", "title": "UPA identifies itself with multinationals, CPI's D Raja says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government has created \"myths\" of foreign investment in multi-brand retail being good for job creation as well as for farmers and consumers in order to push its economic agenda, Communist Party of India (CPI) leader D Raja said on Friday.Speaking in the Rajya Sabha during the debate on allowing foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail, Raja said the United Progressive Alliance government \"brazenly identifies itself with multinationals and then claims it is with the aam admi\".He said his party is \"against the neo-liberal economic policies of the government\".Targeting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Raja said: \"The Prime Minister says money does not grow on trees... this has made the government desperate to go for FDI.\"The CPI leader said the government had \"deliberately created three myths\" to push for FDI in retail. \"The government created the myths that it will boost employment, be beneficial to farmers and consumers.\"He alleged that \"Wal-Mart resorts to illegalities and corrupt practices\" and employs very few people in comparison to mom and pop shops. He cited studies to say that FDI in retail leads to unemployment, and is harmful for the farming sector.On consumers, he said: \"Many people are earning less than Rs.20 (per day)... What consumers are they talking about?\"\"The sense of the house is against FDI,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17515010", "title": "Uneasy calm in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amidst tight security, the Babri Masjid demolition anniversary passed off peacefully in the city on Thursday. However, police, anticipating trouble after Friday prayers, are bracing up to tackle any untoward situation.Except the token protest by Darsgha-Jihad-o-Shahadat (DJS) activists, there was uneasy calm in the Old City on Thursday. The bandh call given by MIM and other political groups to mark the 20th anniversary of the Babri Masjid demolition was nearly total in the Old City. Except a few shops, most commercial establishments in surrounding areas of Charminar, Saidabad and Mehdipatnam remained shut throughout the day.Despite barricades near the Bhagyalakshmi temple, police allowed motorists to pass through the Madina-Charminar route all through the day. Traffic was diverted between Charminar bus stand and Gulzar Houz for nearly 30 minutes when the afternoon prayers were underway at the Mecca Masjid.After the prayers, the barricades at Gulzar Houz, Bhagyalakshmi Temple and Government Nizamia Tibbi College were removed and traffic allowed on the stretch. Armed police pickets have been posted at places of worship across the Old City. Textile and jewellery shops along the entire stretch from Nayapul, the doorway to the Old City, to Gulzar Houz downed their shutters.Chandrayangutta shopkeepers ignore bandh Traders along the arterial road from Darul Shifa to Mughalpura too chose to observe bandh with the exception of a couple of restaurants which served customers from their service entrances. Lad Bazaar, Hussaini Alam, Moghalpura, and Shah Ali Banda too remained closed. Black flags were seen at junctions in Riyasatnagar and Edi Bazar. The government had declared December 6 a dry day with liquor shops remaining closed. The bandh call notwithstanding, the other parts of the city remained unaffected. Interestingly, the bandh call was ignored in large parts of Akbaruddin Owaisi's constituency Chandrayangutta with most shops remaining open for business. Earlier during the day, the Moghulpura police arrested 23 DJS activists for violating prohibitory orders near their office. The protesters, who burnt an effigy, were taken into preventive custody as per section 151 of CrPC and released later.Talking to media persons at the Charminar police station after the noon prayers, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said heavy security cover would remain in the city on Friday. \"No incidents of violence have been reported. The bandobust arrangements will continue on Friday. We appeal to people not to indulge in any kind of violence,\" the commissioner said.In view of the recent provocative speeches by certain political leaders, police anticipate violence after prayers. Police personnel have been told to be prepared for likely stone pelting at communally-sensitive areas. The places of worship near Charminar would be guarded by Rapid Action Force (RAF) along with local police to prevent protestors from resorting to any kind of violence there. Special teams are monitoring local leaders to prevent them from mobilising people. All police officers have been asked to stay alert till Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17515257", "title": "Conflict diamond definition won't change", "text": "SURAT: The Indian diamond industry has heaved a sigh of relief after the plenary meeting of the Kimberley Process (KP) held recently at Washington DC in the US ended without any consensus on the new definition of conflict diamonds targeting the mining countries and the cutting and polishing centres including India.As per the current KPCS law, conflict diamonds are defined as 'rough diamonds used by rebel movement to fight legitimate governments'. The US is lobbying for a re-definition to 'rough diamond used to finance armed conflict or 'other situations' relating to violence affecting diamond-mining areas'.However, non-Western members of the KPCS diamond watchdog including the founder member country India have been arguing that the proposed re-definition is a ploy of powerful nations to bully smaller countries. Though the present KP chair from US and the non-government organisation from the West have all endorsed the new definition of conflict diamonds.The KP's plenary meeting was held at Washington DC in the US from November 27 to November 30. It was attended by 51 participants from 77 countries including the representatives from the civil society.\"The re-definition of conflict diamonds was on the agenda at the KP's plenary meeting in US. But a majority of the KP members including India were not in favour of the change in the conflict diamond definition. However, the KP chair finally conceded that the re-definition of \"conflict diamonds\" now appears unlikely,\" said a senior office-bearer of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council ( GJEPC) from the US.He said the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme (KPCS) was given approval by the UN on March 13, 2002 after two years of negotiations between the governments, diamond producers' non-government organizations (NGOs) and that India was a founder member. US was nowhere in the picture at that time.Sources said that on January 1, 2013 the KP chairmanship will move from the US to South Africa and there are no further chances of any sort of change in the conflict diamond definition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17515579", "title": "Katyal case: Accused on the run, hearing adjourned", "text": "KANPUR: The additional district and session judge first, Kanpur Nagar, adjourned the hearing of MLA Vilayati Ram Katyal murder case on Wednesday as none of the absconding accused appeared in the court.The presiding judge fixed December 22 as the next date for hearing and observed that the court would dispose off the application of advocate Shivakant Dixit wherein he had urged the court to seek actual position of case property such as arms and ammunition seized from the alleged killers of Congess MLA Katyal.According to the case file, the police had recovered an AK-47 rifle along with magazine, an American commando gun, one 9 mm pistol and a 455 bore revolver and ammunition from the terrorists.There were reports published in local news papers that the police had destroyed the case property without seeking permission from the court, prompting Dixit to move the application before the court. Only one of the accused Guru Bux Singh appeared in the court while all others remained absent as on previous dates. The court once again issued a non-bailable warrant against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514560", "title": "Cap of `5 lakh as minimum package", "text": "CHANDIGARH:Despite a marginal increase in salaries being offered to management grads in the current placement season, University Business School, Panjab University's coveted department, has decided to put a cap of Rs 5 lakh per annum as the lowest package offered to its students.Several companies, who have offered pay packages close to Rs 4.7 lakh, have been turned down by the department even before the placements start, said the officials. \"Despite the average pay package being Rs 7.5 lakh, there were students in past batches who are offered Rs 4 lakh while a few others walked away with Rs 15 lakh per annum. This creates a disappointment among students, so we decided to put a cap on the lowest salary,\" said Sanjay Kaushik, training and placement officer of UBS.While the IT sector is witnessing a slight slowdown this season, other sectors like banking and pharmaceutical continue to offer fancy profiles and fat salaries. Students are looking forward to keeping pace with the previous placement trends too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17514323", "title": "Two-day seminar on Inamdar's works", "text": "Dharwad: The Sahitya Akademi, New Delhi, will organize a two-day seminar to mark the birth centenary of eminent writer V M Inamdar at the Suvarna Sanskrutika Samuchaya here from December 8. Sahitya Akademi Kannada Advisory Board convenor Siddhaling Pattanashetti said on Wednesday that the Akademi took up the programme to pay fitting tributes to an illustrious, eminent writer. Stating that Inamdar never craved for publicity, Pattanashetty said the literary world did not give Inamdar his due credit and recognition by way of awards but the writer was highly acclaimed by the readers. Inamdar has served as a professor of English in Karnatak College of Dharwad, Government College Mangalore, Udupi and also in Bangalore University. Though he taught and wrote in English he was equally well versed in Kannada and Sanskrit. The seminar is an effort to introduce this great personality to the present generation and recalling his contributions to the literature. Professor Inambar has written 18 novels and many travelogues. His play 'Bidugade' and travelogue 'Mangalandnalli Mooru Vara' have won the Sahitya Akademi awards. His translated works including the play 'Yayati' and monograph on Sharatchandra have been published by the Akademi. Sarojini Shintri will inaugurate the seminar. Hema Pattanashetti will be the guest of honour. B B Rajpurohit, Mohan Kuntar, Shyamsundar Bidarkundi, CV Venugopal, MG Hegde, GB Harish, Giraddi Govindaraj, Shridhara Hegde Bhadran, Devu Pattar, AV Navada, Thaltaje Vasanthakumar, VM Patil and Vijaya will speak at the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17515079", "title": "HC to Nalanda DM: Compensate farmers", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday directed the district magistrate of Nalanda to consider the cases of the affected farmers to pay adequate compensation to them for acquiring their land or using their land soil to fill a rural road under construction from Bariha to Kajichak in the district.A division bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice J N Singh directed the DM to pay the affected farmers at current market rate. The order was passed on a Letters' Patent Appeal of National Project Construction Corporation (NPCC), a national agency which had constructed the 4km stretch of road in Nalanda district under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana.NPCC's counsel Amit Srivastava had challenged the verdict of a single bench of Justice V N Sinha, who had directed the NPCC to pay compensation to the farmers. The petitioner's counsel submitted that the NPCC was merely an agency constructing the road on the basis of tender given by the state department of rural works. So, only the state government authorities concerned were responsible for the land acquisition for the construction of rural roads, he added.The division bench on Thursday modified the order of the single bench to the effect that the Nalanda DM should hear the representations of 78 land owners, including Tanki Devi and others, who had filed the writ petitions earlier, and decide the exact current market price of the land for payment of compensation to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17514251", "title": "Rise in Hirkud bird arrival", "text": "SAMBALPUR: There has been a rise in the number of migratory birds arriving at Hirakud reservoir every winter. Wildlife officials said there were 5 to 6 times more birds in January 2012 compared to the winters of 2010 and 2011. \"The survey conducted in January reveals that more than 60,000 birds visited Hirakud last winter,\" said Manoj V Nayar, the DFO (Hirakud wildlife division) on Thursday.The survey of birds is conducted in mid-winter (January) every year. In 2007, around 17,169 birds of 15 species visited the reservoir. In 2008, there were 22,443 birds of 25 species and in 2009 around 22,551 birds of 27 species arrived at Hirakud. But the figure declined in 2010 when 21,160 birds flew in, while the figure was 10,722 in 2011.The Hirakud reservoir sprawling over 743 sq km is one of the biggest artificial lakes in Asia with birds from Siberia , central Asia and the Himalayas flying into it every year. \"We have taken necessary steps to prevent illegal hunting inside the reservoir. We have also deployed staff to monitor the movement of migratory birds during winter,\" the DFO said.Birds such as whistling duck, great-crested-grebe, topped-duck, brown-headed Gull, common coot, red custard pilchard, purple swam hen, black-headed gull, northern pintail, ferruginous duck, bar-headed gull, northern shoveler and white pelican have been sighted at the reservoir.But environmentalists are of a different opinion. They said illegal fishing and hunting inside the reservoir poses a big threat to the migratory birds \"Industrial pollution and hunting is a big threat to migratory birds. So the number of birds arriving every year has declined,\" social activist Dilip Panda said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514712", "title": "`1.5 lakh earring cynosure at crafts mela", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A kundan earring worth Rs 1.50 lakh made by a descendent of a person who used to work as \"Rajshilpi\" for the royal families of Rajasthan has become the centre of attraction at the crafts mela. Jewellery from Rajasthan is also grabbing eyeballs and drawing women in hordes. These jewellery are the costliest among all the lot. The stalls displaying necklace and gem-stone earrings are also selling like hotcakes.Artists from Jaipur are showcasing their unique handicraft talent. To bring about the intricacies on the jewellery, it takes them months together, they said. Artist Santosh Singh from Jaipur has brought the \"Rajshilpi\" earring. He said that \"Kundan meenakari\" has been done on the earring and 24 carat gold has been used in it. He said that he had learnt this art from his father Kudrat Singh, who received national award and Padmashree for this artwork in 1966 and 1988 respectively. \"It takes more than six months to come up with such a fine piece of art,\" he pointed out.Jatinder Sharma from Jaipur has brought necklace and earrings of gem stones. \"I knew that women always look for something new so I thought to bring such kind of necklace and earnings which would have all types of gem stones,\" added Jatinder. He said that various colours of gems have been used in the necklace to give it an aesthetic touch.Another artist Avaz Mohammad from Jaipur said that for the past more than 300 years, his family is serving the royal family of Jaipur the late Maharaja Bhawani Singh. They have been designing bangles made up of \"lakh\". The same type of bangles are being showcased at the crafts mela also.Bhawna Garg, a resident of Sector 20, said the jewellery on display are superb art works but unfortunately she is unable to buy them due to the price tag.\"I have never seen such kind of kundan work ever before and this Rs 1.5 lakh earring is really worth appreciating,\" said Ankita Juneja of Sector 44.\"I have no words to describe how beautiful the gem stone necklace and the earring are,\" added Monika Kapoor of Sector 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17513605", "title": "Movement to protect trees from 'nail assault'", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district administration has decided to initiate stringent action against those who place advertisements on trees using nails. A mass movement to protect trees from 'nail assault' will be introduced in the district in the coming days.According to district collector K V Mohan Kumar, who has initiated the tree protection drive, special squads will be formed in Kozhikode, Koyilandy and Vadakara Taluks consisting government officials from various departments including revenue, national highways and local bodies for the effective implementation of the drive.The district administration has already asked the advertisers, who have nailed billboards on trees, to remove them. At present, advertisements for everything from situation vacant to political party meetings, are nailed on wayside trees. Trees near bus stops and shops are targeted most by the advertisers to attract public. Fistful of nails could be collected from trees near LIC junction, West Hill and Nadakkavu.\"If the advertisers do not remove nails from the trees, special squads will remove the nails and the expense incurred will be levied from the concerned advertisers under Revenue Recovery Act,\" said Mohan Kumar.The decision was taken by the district collector following the model of Palakkad district. Nailing of billboards on wayside trees was banned in Palakkad when Mohan Kumar was the district collector there. \"This initiative is different from removing hoarding and billboards which obstruct the view of pedestrians and motorists,\" said the district collector.Meanwhile, the advertisers claimed that the nailing act did not affect the well-being of the trees since their barks were thick and would not be damaged by small nails. But officials refuted this claim saying that many of the advertisers used sturdy and long nails which damaged the tree trunk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517722", "title": "Most Pakistani singers can't sing: Kunal Ganjawala", "text": "From reality shows to how music being made in Bollywood today, singer Kunal Ganjawala goes candid in a chat with TOI.No talent hunt shows in India: \"I am sick of reality show,\" is what singer Kunal Ganjawala says. \"I just don't like the concept of these so-called talent hunt shows. These shows aired on TV are not for hunting for good talent. If a talented person has to be chosen, then let the experts choose them, why have an audience vote? If the audience is voting then it's not talent they are voting for. They don't necessarily know the technicalities of playback singing. They are voting for a person who presents himself well or is maybe a good singer too. But then that is being popular. So, TV industry should rename talent hunt shows as popular artistes shows,\" avers Kunal, who was in Lucknow to perform at a wedding sangeet.No TV for Kunal: Having judged one children's talent hunt show, but that too after he had laid down the rules of the audience not voting in the show, Kunal says he's through with TV shows. \"A lot of them have been asking me to host shows but I have refused. I wouldn't want to be associated with shows which are just churning out singers as opposed to talent. I want to look for talent, not choose the audience's favourite, which invariable happens. I am not interested in them for the sake of being on TV or for earning money. I have enough money that I make through my stage shows. Also I don't have the time. I don't want to come on TV to appear cool. My songs are cool enough.\"Actor turned singer: Having shot to fame with Bheege Honth Tere from the Mallika Sherawat starrer Murder, Kunal, during his college days wanted to become an actor. \"I actually wanted to be an actor. But once my seniors in college caught me singing and thereafter I was made to sing in college fests. Bas , since then I also decided to become a singer,\" reminisces Kunal who is not restricted to Bollywood - he has worked in the Kannada film industry and has even sung songs in Punjabi, Bengali and Marathi. \"I must thank Ranjit Barot who introduced me in jingles. It was he who gave me a break and Murder turned me into a successful singer,\" says Ganjawala.Iska gaana uske naam: Commenting over the trend of multiple singers singing one song in a film, Kunal says, \"That's not what is too bothering. What's bothersome is of multiple music directors working in a single film. Each one is doing his own stuff and that's not right. One must understand that the music of a film is its soul, and when the soul is divided among so many people, what one will get is cacophony. That's why you'll see singers like me, Sonu Nigam , Sunidhi and Shreya have cut down on our film assignments. People like Anu Malik have nearly stopped composing music for films because of this only. It's sad. And worst is, aaj kal singers hain hi kitne? Nearly all these so called singers have their singing modified on computers. They'll take days to sing one song, whereas we used to finish a song within hours.\"Why this Kolaveri Di ? Also upset about Pakistani singers singing in India, Ganjawala says, \"It's sad that we are not giving our own singers a chance. I don't understand why they are allowed to sing here. That too when they charge double than what we do. They will not allow our singers, models, actors to perform in their country and here we are pandering to all their whims and fancies and also paying through our nose and still calling them to perform. In fact, you can't hear most of them sing live because they are so off-key. In the studios all of them get their voice modulated through technology. Where as we singers, we sing from the heart.You know my wife was in the US and she had a work visa where she was singing in a few jingles. She was offered another project which she was keen on, but she was told that if she took it up, since it wasn't mentioned on the work permit she had, she would be reported to the authorities, deported and also have her visa cancelled. But here, these people come on a tourist visa and earn millions and go back laughing!\" says Kunal, who is busy with stage shows and his album, which is due to come out next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513145", "title": "Traffic drive rakes in moolah, but marred by staff crunch", "text": "LUCKNOW: The traffic month, conducted throughout November, was aimed at inculcating better traffic sense among motorists, but failed to generate desired results. The number of motorists fined during the traffic month this year was 66 per cent of the total number of motorists fined last year. A total of 9,316 motorists were fined in November this year while last year 13,913 people were fined for violations of motor vehicle rules.Despite significant increase in number of motor vehicles and two-wheelers with every passing year, the traffic cell of the Lucknow police was unable to meet expectations. Events such as winter session of state assembly, Muharram mourning and festive season celebration, coinciding, the drive drew slack response, said officials. Another key reason that dampened the drive was the shortage of traffic police personnel in Lucknow. 187 traffic constables have taken transfer from Lucknow to be closer to their home districts in the past six months.Notably, though the traffic cell was not able to meet expectations on its own, with the help of district police it managed to fine a total of 18,560 motorists. The traffic cops are assisted by district police during the traffic month every year from the time the traffic drive had been in prevalence. A total amount of about Rs 9.20 lakh was garnered by fining the offenders this year. \"Lucknow traffic cell remained busy during November due to Muharram and winter session of the state assembly,\" said A K D Dwivedi, additional director general, Traffic.Interestingly, 23 motorists were fined for drunken driving during November. Surpassing everyone's expectations a record 859 motorists were fined for sporting tinted film on their car windows. Another 3,826 vehicles were towed by the cops from no-parking areas whereas 3,213 two-wheeler riders were issued tickets for not wearing helmet. Moreover 1,110 were caught for riding triple and another 158 two-wheeler for talking on mobile phone while riding. Maximum number of offenders were caught in trans-Gomti region, said Arvind Sen, SP Lucknow traffic.Offences and tickets issued (November 2012):Red beacon - 1Blue beacon - 3Hooter - 5Sirens / Pressure horn - 58Drunken driving - 23Triple riding - 1110Films on glasses of motor vehicles - 859Motorist caught talking on cell phone - 158Motorists without helmet - 3213Seatbelt fine - 153Incorrect display of registration number - 221Division wise break-upTickets issuedFine collected (in lakh Rs)Lucknow traffic police9,3164.89Trans-Gomti police3,0862.24Lucknow (W) police1,4050.38Lucknow (E) police1,8141.23Lucknow (Rural) police2,9390.45Total18,5609.19", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517796", "title": "Rani Mukherjee's bulging treat before marriage", "text": "Bollywood actress Rani Mukherjee might be getting promotion as a wife very soon, but here is her latest treat before she ties the actual knot. Draped in a designer saree, the single layer 'pallu' of that enchanting cloth gives ample of view of that bulging navel.While signs of ageing have taken the glow of her skin, Rani's wild Bengali sex-appeal is disturbing weakest parts of men. This photo was clicked at a recent function, and it is heard that the 'shutters' of camera took long time to go down to trap this beauty in their shells.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17515615", "title": "KMC drive to check use of polythene bags at ghats", "text": "KANPUR: A team of Kanpur Municipal Corporation seized several polythene bags being sold at shops near various city ghats in a drive here on Wednesday. As many as 10 shopkeepers were issued challans for using and selling polybags near ghat premises.The Kanpur Municipal Corporation's health officer Dr LK Tiwari along with the Sanitary Inspector carried out a sudden inspection at various city ghats on Wednesday including Sarsaiyya Ghat, Siddhnath Ghat and Parmat Ghat. The KMC officials were present at ghats to check the use of polybags within two kilometre of its radius.\"All the shops were challaned for violating the rules. To create awareness about the hazards of polybags the shopkeepers were also directed to use paperbags instead of polythene at ghats,\" informed Dr LK Tiwari.He added that this inspection would continue on all the seven ghats declared as polythene-free zones.Its important to mention here that in 2009, Kanpur Nagar Nigam ( KNN) declared seven ghats as 'polythene free zone'. Despite the enforcement of the Nagar Nigam Act, devotees were found using polythene on ghats. Even the shopkeepers at the ghats were seen selling food items and puja material in plastic bags.\"We are making efforts to penalise people who use polythene bags in 'polythene-free zones'. But people should also take initiative and discard polythene. They should be aware about the importance of keeping the Ganga clean,\" added Dr Tiwari further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513387", "title": "Luggage of two dozen Air India passengers goes missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly two dozen passengers, who landed in Lucknow by an Air India flight from Mumbai were left stranded at Amausi airport after they could not find their luggage on Thursday. According to reports, the Air India flight AI-625, landed at Amausi airport with nearly 150 passengers on board at around 2.30 p.m. However, some 25 passengers could not get their luggage delivered, even as some of them entered into heated conversation with the airlines officials.The airline later assured the passengers that their luggage would be delivered to them by the next flight which was scheduled to arrive by 8.50 p.m.While Air India officials were not available for comments, passengers said that this was not at all expected from the state-owned airline. \"They have told us to wait till the next flight arrives from Mumbai. It is because of the airline that we have been stranded at the airport,\" said an angry passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512951", "title": "Family sent to jail for dowry harassment", "text": "BANGALORE: Eight members of a family were sentenced to simple imprisonment for terms ranging from six months to two years for harassing and torturing a woman for dowry.Second additional chief metropolitan magistrate (ACMM) G Nanjundaiah on Monday sentenced Mohammed Musaveer, 43, of I Cross, Old Gurappanapalya to two years simple imprisonment for harassing his wife, Rehana Tasneem, 26, of Byrasandra, Jayanagar East I Block. He was also fined Rs 50,000, and if he defaults, he'll have to undergo another two months simple imprisonment.Musaveer was also sentenced to six more months for committing offences under the Dowry Prohibition Act and pay another fine of Rs 15,000. Both sentences will run concurrently.Musaveer's father, Mohammed Saleem, died during the trial. His mother, Fahmida Saleem, 80, his sisters Sabiha, Vajiha and Fasiha and their husbands Irfan, Shoaib and Aslam respectively, were also convicted. They were also ordered to undergo six months simple imprisonment for offences under the Dowry Prohibition Act, and pay a fine of Rs 15,000 each. If they default, they will have to undergo another two months of simple imprisonment. The sentences will run concurrently.The court also ordered that 75% of the fine should go to the complainant, Rehana.Rehana had complained that after she married Musaveer on October 28, 2007, he and his family members began harassing her to bring more dowry. She was sent back to her parental home and told not to return. She said she tried in vain to contact her husband who was working with his father in Kuwait .Sometime later, Rehana found that her husband had married again.The defence counsel argued that Musaveer has a little child and his mother was too old to bear the punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512709", "title": "S Sharanya will recover intwo weeks: Doctors", "text": "BANGALORE: S Sharanya, the 18-year-old student of St Joseph's Indian Composite Junior College who fell from the third floor of her college building, was conscious but in a state of shock when she was brought to Mallya Hospital at around 9.05 am on Thursday, doctors said.The girl was rushed to the surgical ICU (SICU) for investigations. \"Thankfully, she suffered no head injuries nor any serious injuries from head to toe. Her upper right arm bone is fractured and there is a compression (fracture like injury) in her lower spine. She also has minor injuries on her lower ribs and right kidney,\" said Commodore Indru Wadhwani, president, Mallya Hospital.\"She must have fallen on a soft surface and landed on her right shoulder. She was brought in a conscious state to the hospital but was shocked. We had to stabilize her using sedatives. Her family is with her,\" added Wadhwani.Dr Kanchan Sanyal, medical superintendent of the hospital, said: \"The CT scan investigations have revealed that there is no head injury. Other injuries too are not alarming and are manageable with medical intervention. No surgeries are required. She just needs a mild fixation of the upper arm bone. She is likely to recover in about two weeks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17514522", "title": "Retail FDI: Anxiety grips traders", "text": "MADURAI: Forty-five-year-old S Bala Mohan is seated in a chair at his small provision store in East Marret Street in a lazy December afternoon gazing at the traffic on the road in front. Very few customers visit his shop, a cramped room decked with assortment of provisions, during the afternoons. \"Not just afternoons, even during rest of the day the number of customers is dwindling. A number of shops have mushroomed of late, you see,\" reasons Bala Mohan. As soon as the topic moves to FDI in retail trade, Bala Mohan appears to become belligerent. \"I was shocked to know from the newspaper in the morning that the foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail was passed in the Parliament,\" he said.A day after the FDI in retail was approved in the Parliament, grocery shop owners, vegetable vendors, public and retails shop owners association are in a palpable state of jittery. Bala Mohan, who has been running a grocery retail shop over 15 years, said that FDI was meant to destroy the livelihood of retailers like him.He was working in a grocery shop for several years before setting up his own. If big investors start selling grocery items, they have to give up their businesses, he said. The heated debate over FDI in retail over the past several months have not removed the fear of losing business to huge conglomerates for the traders.\"The future of the small retailers is bleak. We do not know what we will do if the situation forces us to close the shop due to the upcoming big investment in the field,\" said S Selvam, another retailer in Thayir Market. \"I have three younger brothers, all married. I have been working in the shop since 1980. My family along with three of my brothers' family depend upon the income generated in the shop. We neither know any other work nor we had educated enough to work anywhere,\" Selvam said. A Mahalakshmi, a vegetable vendor in Thayir Market said that she is earning Rs 6,000 a month. She has to educate her children and look after the family expenditure. There are around 200 such vegetable shops in the market.Although there was vehement opposition from retailers, there were mixed responses from the public. N Muthuraj, a resident of Munichalai supported the FDI in retail saying that it would make the shopping a new experience for the customers. Moreover, corporate multi-brand retailing can provide better service at a competitive price, he added.Alagumalai of Balarangapuram differed from Muthuraj and wondered how the corporate multi-brand retailers can sell fresh vegetables. The vegetables would be refrigerated in such shops. They cannot be bought and stored further more time, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "17514453", "title": "75kg drugs seized at Tuticorin port", "text": "TUTICORIN: Customs officials seized a consignment containing 75 kg of ephedrine hydrochloride drug, from a container in a godown, which was meant to be smuggled to Malaysia. The estimated worth of the banned drug is said to be Rs 15 crore. Customs officials received a tip off that ephedrine hydrochloride is being smuggled through Tuticorin port to Malaysia in a corn consignment. Based on the information, they found the container at a godown in Tuticorin SIPCOT and amidst the regular corn consignments; they found 15 bags each weighing 5 kgs of Ephedrine HCL.D Ranjith Kumar, assistant commissioner, Customs said that when they received the tip off on corn container, they had their doubts as it was not the season of corn. It was then they decided to carry out a thorough investigation. They had seized the drug on November 30 and sent it to Chennai for laboratory results. The results confirmed that it was ephedrine hydrochloride and the estimated worth of the seized drug was about Rs 15 crore. The department is making further inquiries as to who was behind the smuggling attempt, Ranjith Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514588", "title": "Chandigarh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Harmeet Kahlon on professional golf tour board", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Arjuna Award winner and 2002 Hero Honda Masters champion Harmeet Kahlon was elected to the prestigious Board of Directors of the Professional Golf Tour of India (PGTI) at the annual general body meeting held at Kolkata. Kahlon, a city resident and former chairman of the PGTI's Tour Players' Committee (TPC), was elected to the Board for a two-year term along with Gaurav Ghei, Chiragh Kumar, Vikrant Chopra, Vijay Kumar and Manav Jaini.The electoral college for the Board, which is headed by Avantha Group chairman Gautam Thapar, comprises the top-60 pros from the previous season (i,e. 2011 for the latest election), PGTI life members and some other categories. Interestingly, the newly-elected directors have a heavy tilt towards the National Capital Region (NCR) with four of them coming from there. Only Kahlon and former Indian Open winner Vijay Kumar, who hails from Lucknow, are from outside the NCR. There is no representative from either south, west and east, reflecting the dominance of northern Indian pros on the domestic tour.The term of the current chairman of the TPC, Gurki Shergil, is also coming to an end in January 2013. A fresh election will be held at the season-opening PGTI championship in January 2013 to elect three members from among the pros to the TPC. The TPC's term is for one year. Two members of the TPC will be nominated from the PGTI Board of Directors to ensure a balanced representation from the management when player issues come up for discussion. However, the norm is that the TPC Chairman is elected from among the three elected members of the TPC.The Tricity was represented in the outgoing PGTI Board by Ranjit Singh, who is a member of the Panchkula Golf Club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17514971", "title": "Two arrested for encroaching upon Dharmendra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s land", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Vigilance Bureau of Ludhiana has arrested two persons and booked 10 others for forging documents and grabbing land reportedly belonging to veteran actor Dharmendra.Senior superintendent of police Satinder Singh said police swung into action following a complaint by Ravinder Kumar Sood, a local builder, whom Dharmendra has given power of attorney. \"We have registered a case against these persons for preparing false documents in connivance with some officials from the revenue department and illegally possessing land which belongs to the actor. \"We arrested the main accused, Rohit Kapila and Jaswant Singh and the others too would be nabbed soon,\" he assured.In his complaint, Ravinder Kumar Sood of Civil Lines claimed that Dharmendra has 12 acres of ancestral land at Ajit Nagar in Haibowal. The actor sold nine acres of land through general power of attorney while the remaining three acres was still with him. However, accused Rohit Kapila of Durgapuri and his accomplice Jaswant Singh of Grewal Colony, in connivance with some revenue department officials, got fake power of attorney made in the name of a dead woman. This power of attorney was transferred in the name of Jaswant Singh and then to Rohit Kapila, who got the land registered in his name, the complaint said.Sood, who also has a house in Sector 23, Chandigarh and claims to be a close friend of the actor, said \"A gang of 50 people is illegally possessing people's land. Of the 1,333 square yards of land in their wrongful possession, Rohit Kapila has sold two houses of 62 square yards each. The rest of the land is still with them.\" Sood said the actor gave him power of attorney because of the close family relations they shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513824", "title": "Danger lurks in dug-up road", "text": "KOLKATA: Watch your step on SN Banerjee Road. Iron and fibre cables jut out dangerously after a shoddy relaying of this high-traffic stretch that leads to Esplanade.The city knows the danger painfully well. In 2003, a promising MBA from Leeds University, Amit Dalmiya, was impaled to death by an optical fibre cable jutting out near Camac Street. It shot through his car and stabbed him in the chest. Lack of supervision by the infocom firm laying the cables and poor road maintenance by Kolkata Municipal Corporation had caused the accident.Loose tram tracks smashed through two taxis, missing the drivers by mere milimetres, in July 2007 and January 2009 on Lenin Sarani and Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Road. But no lessons were learnt.The same danger lurks on SN Banerjee Road today, where one lane has been dug up to be relaid. The contractor did not bother to take note of the cables laid across the length and breadth of the road, leaving sharp edges and iron strips jutting out dangerously, especially near Janbazar. \"The way the iron strips are jutting out, there may be an accident any time,\" said Sujit Shaw, a local businessman.Surprisingly, the work has started without the knowledge of MMiC-roads Atin Ghosh. \"I have no knowledge of such digging of roads. I will definitely look into it and take appropriate action,\" said Ghosh, who recently too charge of the department. A KMC official said that the road is subsiding in parts because of a major brick sewer line. \"We have decided to relay the road with mastic surface,\" he said.However, local residents are not happy with the decision to relay the road with mastic surface. \"What is the use of digging up a road that already has a mastic coating? It is sheer waste of public money,\" said Biplab Manna, a local resident. Trinamool Congress councilor Sunita Saha said she would visit the area on Thursday night and take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513792", "title": "Three men get six years' RI for possessing fake notes", "text": "PUNE: A sessions court here on Tuesday sentenced three men to six years' rigorous imprisonment for possessing counterfeit currency notes.The convicts, Manirul Moulvi Mustafa (24), Ansar Bashir Hussain (30) and Kamaluddin Arshad Ali (30), all from West Bengal , were arrested by a police patrol headed by assistant inspector Sunil Gaikwad at Shiralsheth chowk on July 31, 2011. The police had seized 25 counterfeit notes of Rs 1,000 denomination from them. All the notes had a common serial no. '1 A4-882905'.The police had registered a case of possessing counterfeit notes against the three men under section 489(a) of the Indian Penal Code.Inspector (crime) Bhagwan Ingle from the Samarth police station had taken over the investigations and found that the trio had stayed in two lodges here a week before they were arrested and that they had changed several fake notes by making petty purchases.Ingle arrested the fourth suspect Bulakhtar Asadali, also from West Bengal, as investigations had revealed that he had supplied the fake currency notes to the trio. However, the police could not trace the source of notes in West Bengal.Additional public prosecutor Laxman Maindad relied on the expert report of D A Padwal, assistant manager (tech.) of the Currency Notes Press, Nashik, to prove that the seized notes were counterfeit.Quoting the expert report, Maindad said that the counterfeit notes had imitated water mark and its ink shades did not match with the real notes. The report read that there was also a colour difference between the counterfeit and genuine notes.The paper thickness of real and counterfeit notes were same, but the RBI seal lacked sharpness and fine details of Ashoka pillar were missing from the counterfeit notes.The prosecutor relied on the evidence of seven witnesses for proving guilt of the accused. He pleaded to the court to give the maximum punishment to the accused.The court of additional sessions judge V K Shewale convicted the three but acquitted Asadali due to lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17514923", "title": "Golden touch to permanent hair dye", "text": "Washington: A permanent solution ! Scientists, for the first time, have synthesized gold nanoparticles for dyeing white hair to near permanent brown shades.The process involves soaking white hair in a solution of a gold compound, turning them pale yellow and then darkening them to a deep brown.Using an electron microscope, French scientists confirmed that the particles were forming inside the central core cortex of the hair. The colour remained even after repeated washings.Scientists reported the discovery had applications ranging from hair dyeing to electronic sensors to development of materials with improved properties.Philippe Walter, director of a lab at the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique and colleagues say that gold nanoparticles - 40,000-60 ,000 of which could fit across the width of a human hair - are a hot topic. They have been deposited on hair for use as electrodes, and also used to dye wool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512809", "title": "New posts in women and child develpment", "text": "PANAJI: The state cabinet on Thursday approved a proposal to grant extension of the contractual period of 225 employees working under the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (MGNREGS) for two months from November 1, 2012 till December 31, 2012. The cabinet also approved the discontinuation of services of 214 peon cum messengers from November 1, 2012.Deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza, who briefed the media after the cabinet meeting, said that the cabinet also approved salary hikes to employees working for the employment guarantee scheme. Asked why staff was terminated, D'Souza said the scheme was overburdened and streamlining the staff was necessary to make it work. He stressed that these were contractual appointments.The cabinet also approved creation of 42 posts in the department of women and child development. D'Souza said the department is now handling new schemes (Laadli Laxmi and Griha Adhar) and needs more staff to take the schemes forward. Of the 42 posts, 35 will be posted in Panaji and seven will be posted in the new taluka of Dharbandora. The posts include positions like lower division and upper division clerks, junior stenos, mukhiya sevikas, etc.In another decision, Mohan Sangodkar, former registrar of Goa University has been nominated as member of the Goa Public Service Commission for a period of six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17513267", "title": "Mhow vet prof transferred after girl alleges molestation", "text": "MHOW: The MP Veterinary University Jabalpur has initiated action against a professor with the Mhow veterinary college, for allegedly molesting a girl student doing masters degree in his department.The victim who is in the first year of the master's degree in medicine, had complained to the college administration in Mhow and university at Jabalpur under which the college falls about. A copy of the complaint made by the girl student is in possession of TOI.As per the complaint, Dr R K Bagherwal head of the medicine department of Mhow veterinary college had on November 28, posted her in the department and while she wason duty, he tried to molest her. Subsequently, she complained to the college dean and a copy of the complaint was forwarded to the university at Jabalpur.The dean Dr U K Garg, while talking to TOI said that he had appraised the university administration about the matter, on which a committee comprising two professors Dr BS Gehlot and Dr BC Sarkel was sent to examine the matter. The duo arrived at Mhow on Wednesday and after recording statements of the complainant, the accused and the witnesses submitted the report to the university on Thursday morning.Taking up the matter seriously, the university issued orders for transferring Dr Bagherwal to Rewa veterinary college on Thursday, with immediate effect.When TOI tried to contact Dr Bagherwal, was tried to be contacted, he did not respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513863", "title": "Apeejay lit fest to kick off Kolkata's literary calendar", "text": "KOLKATA: The winters are also a prelude to Bengal's second biggest festival after the Durga Pujas - those of books and what better start to the Apeejay Kolkata Literature Festival, 2013 (or AKLF 2013). The Apeejay Surrendra Group and the Oxford Bookstores on Thursday announced that the latest addition to Kolkata's literary calendar will be held from January 9 to January 13, next year.The festival, this year, will have two firsts - its theme this year will be celebrating a century of Indian cinema and its partnership with the Tibor Jones South Asia Prize, 2013. These, however, are just a beginning of what appears to be a concerted attempt to woo youngsters, introduce poetry in such literary festivals and usher in an array of writers with their latest launches.These include William Dalrymple , Shobha De, Yasmeen Premji and Manil Suri. Since no literary meet in Kolkata will ever be complete without Sunil Gangopadhyay, Antara Dev Sen will put in a tribute for the celebrated writer who died barely a month back. Intriguingly, there will also be an illustrated talk on 'Laughing matters: Political cartoons and Bengal' for those who'd want the festival to be a reflection of contemporary issues.If percussionist Bickram Ghosh had a choice he would perhaps single out the separate section on young readers' programme in AKLF 2013.\"I have a seven-year-old at home whom I often tell to read books instead of watching television always. When one reads a book, they tend to lend their own imagination to it, enriching it further. And young minds are very imaginative. Else an entire generation is growing up without the love of the written word.\"Leila Seth is likely to spend an hour with children, talking on the book she authored - 'We the Children of India - a Preamble to the Constitution of India.'AKLF associate director Anjum Katyal said: \"Governor M K Narayanan will inaugurate the festival on January 9 at the Victoria Memorial and Shyam Benegal will deliver the keynote address on a century of Indian cinema.\"Earlier, in the day this will be preceded by a unique poster exhibition in the morning. Little did one know, Priya Paul, chairperson, Apeejay Surrendra Park Hotels, has a private collection of such posters which she has hand-picked over the years. This will provide an interesting insight into the art of film poster, now dying. Nageen Tanveer, Habib Tanveer's daughter and a vocalist and theatre personality in her own right, seemed pleased with poetry figuring in the festival calendar too.Nageen said: \"Poetry should always precede prose. It helps one to make the writings terse.\"It, however, was Barun Chanda, veteran film actor, who drove home the point why Kolkata, and not others, could be the cradle of literary festivals. \"You may have it anywhere, take Jaipur for example. Yes, the city has its own history and mysticism. But the literary parts are slightly imported. Kolkata has all of it, and more,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518239", "title": "Josh and Jas are back with 'Baa Farke'", "text": "After the success of the club banger 'Teri Toor', Josh and Jas are back with a monster of a tune. 'Baa Farke' is a guaranteed hit and clearly shows how the guys have matured musically over the past two years. The song features the vocals of Meet Malkit and is accompanied by a stunning video produced by Ballistic Productions.Bringing together their individual styles, ideas and experience with their common love for music, Josh and Jas present their own unique blend of desi beats and melodies. Part of Divine Musiq, the two have been friends , business partners and DJing together for many years and are now production partners, joining forces to present a new sound for UK Bhangra.Josh is a well-known and regarded name in the party and wedding scene particularly in the South East. Clients are not only entertained with his mixes and music selections but are charmed by his down to earth nature and people skills, making him a much-demanded DJ.Josh began DJing fifteen years ago and has been hooked ever since. A versatile DJ, Josh flawlessly switches between various genres; RnB, Bhangra, Garage, DnB, Bollywood , Disco and funky electro House. Inspired by DJs such as DJ EZ, live mixes are his forte, taking songs and giving them a different vibe, remixing and blending beats and genres, creating something new.After having DJ'd with various roadshows, Josh set up Divine Musiq last year and the company has grown from strength the strength and has fast become one of the leading DJ roadshows. Over the years Josh has DJ'd at a number of prestigious venues across the UK and alongside artists such as Lehmber Hussainpuri, Raghav and also featured in the video for the charity single with Heera, Shin, Nirmal Sidhu, Apna Sangeet and Premi.Having spent over a decade surrounded by music and playing tunes by others, Josh finally felt it was time to bring his own ideas to life. Teaming up with Jas from Divine Musiq he brings years of experience, knowledge and a more mainstream musical influence to the duo.Jas's musical journey started to take shape when he began taking dhol lessons and then performing as part of the renowned Ministry of Dhol. Performing alongside DJs at gigs he naturally picked up the basics of DJing. Deciding to take things further he bought a set of decks, started practicing and went on to work with a number of roadshows and now is co-founder and DJ for Divine Musiq.Entertaining crowds with the very best of Bhangra, Bollywood, RnB and House music for over six years, Jas has developed his own technique. Funky, innovative scratching skills and taking beats from one track and mixing them into other tracks is his formula for a successful party. Having played the dhol, his understanding of beats and tempos, particularly of Bhangra is a strong point.Jas's DJ career has taken him across the country and seen him perform with big names like Lember Hussainpuri, Malkit Singh and Sukshinder Shinda. He is now ready to take things to another level and release his own music. Having always wanted to produce music and create music which people would enjoy listening or dancing to, the young talent has moved on from creating beats on Fruity Loops on his computer and for the past year has been learning the ropes behind a production desk.Combining their skills, knowledge and talent, Josh and Jas hope to continue to entertain audiences, but this time with their own songs. Their sound is developed from an eclectic mix of mainstream and desi influences. The two have a common desire to present something new and relevant and both showcase their individual strengths in the studio, whilst sharing similar views of what sounds good and what makes a hit.They've been playing to satisfied crowds for years, they know what works on the dance floor and above all they are huge music fans. This mix of knowledge and passion drives their creativity and need to make music for the crowd, inspired by the crowd!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17514739", "title": "Panel to head for Sompeta, Kovvada on fact-finding mission", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A panel of concerned citizens will soon embark on a fact-finding mission to Kovvada and Sompeta where the government has proposed to build nuclear power plants.The panel headed by A Gopala Krishnan, former chairman of the Atomic Regulatory Board would panel comprise Dr EAS Sarma, former Union energy secretary, former Naval chief Admiral Ramdas and activists Lalita Ramdas and Dr K Babu Rao.Addressing newspersons here on Thursday, Dr Gopala Krishnan called for a review of the nuclear power policy and said all current nuclear projects must be put on hold. He said he did not understand the UPA government's attitude towards nuclear technology and their disregard for the know-how and expertise developed by the likes of Homi Bhaba and Vikram Sarabhai.Speaking on the Kovvada issue, Dr Gopala Krishnan made it clear that though he was a nuclear scientist he feared the new found approach of the government for acquiring nuclear technology to meet the increasing power needs and said that one cannot procure six different types of reactors from various sources without them being scanned or screened.\"The government's policy of disregarding the checks and balances imposed by the regulatory body could prove to be dangerous,\" he said and also criticised the manner in which the Centre had allegedly succumbed to pressure from countries selling technology that may not have takers in their own nations.Lalitha Ramdas, wife of former Indian Navy Chief Admiral Ramdas and an anti-nuclear activist, lambasted the government for failing to harness alternative sources of energy like solar and wind. \"As on date only 2.4 per cent of the country's total energy requirements are being met by nuclear technology, and despite the promises being made, nuclear plants will not make up for the deficit in the future either,\" said Ramdas, who also demanded that the environmental impact of such projects be studied properly and NGOs and representatives of concerned people be roped in too at the time of reviewing the policy.Admiral Ramdas, on the other hand, pointed out that no matter what, the project, displacement and loss of livelihood cannot be justified and no matter how fool-proof a technology is, the man-machine interface needed to be taken into consideration before adoption. Dr EAS Sarma of Forum for Better Visakha said that the complete lack of transparency and haste with which these projects were being taken up had galvanized them into seeking the truth. \"We should know what will happen if there is a catastrophe and also whether the land acquisition is being done without taking into consideration the environmental impact.\"Observing that in stark contrast to the government's claims nuclear technology does not come cheap, Dr K Babu Rao said that a plant like the one at Kovvada (600 MW) would cost nothing less than Rs 3.5 lakh crore, which was not cheap by any measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516560", "title": "I thought Imran was a paedophile: Anushka", "text": "Perhaps in a bid to live up to her free spirited image, Anushka Sharma at a recent press event held on Tuesday, landed her pretty foot in the mouth.In answer to a question about what she thought of her Matru Ki Bijli Ka Mandola co-star Imran Khan, the actress said, \"I thought he was a paedophile,\" and giggled. For the next few seconds,everybody present at the event was rendered speechless. Imran, being a thorough gentleman, simply replied: \"Yeah, I've heard such talks doing the rounds.\" But unlike Imran, people from the industry haven't been able to take the statement in good humour. A senior filmmaker who happened to see Anushka's outburst of cocky exuberance wondered if she knows the meaning of 'paedophile' saying, \"Some things aren't done in civil society. Joking about paedophilia is one of them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513705", "title": "Strike ends, vegetable supply to resume today", "text": "PUNE: Vegetable trading in the wholesale market at Gultekdi Market Yard will resume on Friday as the commission agents withdrew their six-day-old strike after a meeting with government officials here on Thursday.\"The strike has been withdrawn following a request by the state marketing officials. We will start work from Friday morning. We have placed orders to our suppliers from various parts of the country and asked them to resume supply,\" said Shivlal Bhosale, chairman of Shri Chhatrapati Shivaji Market Yard Commission Agents Association.The decision was taken after a meeting called by state marketing director Kishor Toshniwal with marketing department officials, representatives of commission agents' associations from Mumbai and Pune and farmers' representatives.The commission agents had gone on strike from December 1 in protest against the marketing department's decision to fix commission rates at flat 6% per transaction at the wholesale market. Earlier, the agents in Pune were charging 6% to 10% commission on various commodities.Asked about the commission rates, Bhosale said: \"Though the government has decided fix commission at 6%, it is not yet finalized. We will continue to charge as per the earlier three-slab commission system. We have made it clear to the marketing department as well.\"An official from marketing department said, \"The reason behind fixing a flat rate of 6% commission was communicated to the agents at the wholesale market. We hope they will agree to the decision.\"A report on the meeting will be submitted to the government and we will take a decision on it on Monday, the official added.The agriculture produce market committee at Market Yard receives nearly 30 tonne vegetables every day from various parts of the district and from other states. Close to 60% of the total supply is sent to small towns and other places. Once the strike started, vegetable prices in the retail market had gone up by 80% to 100%.The city unit of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena opened vegetable stalls in five locations on Thursday. Each customer was allowed to buy maximum 1 kg of each vegetable and prices were almost half the retail market prices. The five stalls together sold vegetables worth Rs 1.3 lakh (close to five tonne), said Bala Shedge, city unit chief of the MNS. On Wednesday, the party had opened four outlets.B G Deshmukh, administrator at the market committee, said: \"The commission agents have taken a good decision and it will bring down the prices. Though the sate government has decided to fix a rate of 6% commission per transaction, we will wait till Monday when a final call will be made in the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17512841", "title": "DND spared chaos as Bharatiya Kisan Union withdraws protest", "text": "NOIDA: In an important breakthrough, the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) has decided to call off its protests on the DND Flyway scheduled for Friday. Arriving at a settlement with the state government and NHAI, senior BKU leaders have decided to just assemble at the city magistrate's office in Noida on Friday noon and meet the Gautam Budh Nagar district magistrate and SSP as well as the toll plaza authorities without disrupting any traffic movement.The farmers arrived at an agreement after senior farmer leaders, led by BKU general secretary Rakesh Tikait, met the district magistrate and SSP (Meerut) on Thursday. The Meerut DM and SSP forwarded chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's letter assuring farmers that all their grievances will soon be sorted out.\"In view of the agreement reached with the state, we have decided to call off our planned stir on the DND. We will not take over the DND Flyway on Friday and make no attempts to make travel toll free. We will simply meet the administration and toll authorities to discuss our issues with them,\" said Ajay Pal Sharma, senior BKU leader.The Gautam Budh Nagar district administration, which had earlier decided to impose Section 144 of the CrPC prohibiting an assembly of more than five people in any area across the district, has decided to impose it only on Friday, December 7, \"as a precautionary measure,\" said DM MKS Sundaram.Sundaram has also sent a formal intimation to the Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd of the agreement with the farmers and has asked them to visit the city magistrate's office at 12pm on Friday for the meeting with the farmers.\"The farmers have agreed to meet us and talk things out following their agreement in Meerut. The meeting has been scheduled for Friday noon. However, the administration will not let its guard down and will ensure that residents of Noida, commuters on the DND as well as the toll plaza staff are not affected in any way due to the farmers' meeting,\" Sundaram said.The BKU farmers have also decided to meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on December 13. \"The CM has assured us through the letter that all our grievances will be sorted out. The letter informs us that NHAI has withdrawn all the arbitration cases lodged against farmers after we took over various toll plazas and made travel toll free. The CM has also said that Rs 200 crore will be released within a week towards the pending compensation of farmers,\" said Rakesh Tikait.\"We have also asked the state authorities to review the existing toll collection policy valid across UP and investigate the scam in toll collection and its entry into the books at Dasna toll plaza,\" Tikait said.BKU farmers had forced the DND authorities to roll back the toll hike on November 17 and had demanded that return of the toll collected between November 9 and 17, during which the hike was in force on the flyway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514039", "title": "New road alignment to bring Nila Gumbad, Humayun\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Tomb closer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much delayed conservation work at Nila Gumbad will commence soon with Northern Railway approving the proposal of Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and Aga Khan Trust for Culture (AKTC) to realign the road separating the monument from Humayun's Tomb.Although ASI and the railways had reached an agreement in 2010 on a proposed layout programme to integrate the Mughal sites, confusion over its wordings, discovery of archaeological ruins and resistance by AKTC to cut half-a-dozen fully grown trees to build the alternative road had delayed the project by two years.In a first for this unique monument, missing tiles of the dome will be replaced on the basis of the three-year research for restoring Humayun's Tomb, which had led to Uzbekistan craftsmen training youths from Hazrat Nizamuddin Basti in the art of tile-making as followed by the Mughals.The Nila Gumbad work, expected to take up to three years, will allow millions of visitors to Humayun's Tomb every year to see this monument too.Traditional craftsmen will conserve the monument with building techniques, tools and material used during the original construction.ASI plans to request Unesco to extend the boundaries of Humayun's Tomb, a world heritage site, to include Nila Gumbad within the complex, said a senior official.Originally built on an island of the Yamuna, it was accessible only through the tomb complex, said AKTC officials.Despite being a significant and striking monument in the capital, Nila Gumbad now hardly gets any visitor due to its remote location.Portions of its garden were demolished in the 19th century to lay the railway tracks. ASI relocated over 200 squatters from the area in 2001 but the railways claimed the land as its own on the basis of the 19th century maps.Since 2007, AKTC and ASI have been seeking permission to shift the road bifurcating the two sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514075", "title": "'Tatkare must resign, face SIT probe'", "text": "MUMBAI: On a day when news of former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's comeback in the cabinet hogged the limelight, Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) pressed for the resignation of another NCP minister Sunil Tatkare and demanded an SIT probe in the irrigation scam. While also calling for action against other ministers responsible, AAP avoided a direct mention of Pawar, who is facing allegations of corruption in the irrigation projects.Claiming that the irrigation white paper, brought out by the Tatkare-led water resources department (WRD), was a total farce to cover-up gross irregularities, AAP members submitted their own black paper on irrigation to the WRD and CM Prithviraj Chavan's office on Thursday.Later in the day, Chavan also granted AAP members, including Anjali Damania and Praful Vora, an audience.The AAP paper has countered the white paper's claim that the area under irrigation increased by 12.47 lakh hectares or 5.17% from 2001 to 2010. \"The figure also includes area brought under irrigation due to well, borewells, drip, sprinkler and lift irrigation, which do not come under the WRD purview. The discussion must have been restricted to increase in net irrigated area due to expenditure on dams and canals,\" Damania said. She said this was done as the area under irrigation due to dams and canals was pathetically dismaland shocking.The AAP paper has used officials' reports of NABARD, Department of Economics and Statistics and the Central Water Commission besides RTI documents, which highlight discrepancies in 15 irrigations projects to counter WRD's claim.Hitting out at the CM, it claims that the white paper was restricted to a \"status paper\" to honour coalition politics. Citing reports of the Central Water Commission (December 2010) and an occasional paper brought out by NABARD,The AAP paper claims that the increase in gross irrigated area from 2000 to 2009 was a mere 8.9% despite an expenditure of Rs 70,000 crore. It claims that the state incurred a staggering cost of Rs 21.67 lakh per hectare during the period. \"This is in gross violation of CWC guidelines of spending a maximum of Rs 2.5 lakh as cost per hectare,\" it claims.It has cited discrepancies while approving cost escalations in four projects-Kondhane, Kalu, Shai and Balganga, and mentioned 11 other projects to suggest there was a design to corruption. It has further said the most alarming reason for the dismal performance was illegal diversion of water from irrigation projects to non-irrigation purposes. It has expressed concerns alleging that there were plans to approve 71 new thermal power projects in the suicide prone districts in Vidarbha districts.Blaming WRD for rampant corruption and violation, AAP has demanded Tatkare's resignation, setting up of an SIT probe and punitive action against politicians, officials and contractors responsible for the mess.It has demanded a stop on all projects where violations have allegedly been committed. Damania also claimed that the department would bring out one more version of the black paper in days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516959", "title": "Amala Paul busy with 'Nayak' climax", "text": "The much-anticipated teaser of Ram Charan-starrer 'Nayak' in which he would romance Kajal Aggarwal and Amala Paul is being wrapped up fast. The shooting of this action entertainer directed VV Vinayak has been progressing briskly.Dusky beauty Amala Paul who returned from Mumbai yesterday after completing her part of shoot for the untitled Vijay - A L Vijay project is shooting for the climax for ' Nayak '. The success of ' Nayak ' is very crucial for his saucy seductress, as this is her first big budgeted commercial entertainer.Meanwhile the audio of the movie has been confirmed to be launched on 14th November. The music director SS Thaman has assured that that the opening song in the movie is a real entertainer both musically and visually.Thaman tweeted recently \"#naayak opening song is surely gonna be a feast for all of Us Superb choreography and kicK ass cinematography by darling Chota K Naidu sir.\"Nayak's business is closed in almost all the areas and the makers are trying to bring the film on January 9, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "moreh", "code": "17513426", "title": "Gaikhangam lays foundation of market complex at Moreh", "text": "Moreh: Giving a boost to the ambitious \"Look East Policy\", Manipur deputy chief minister Gaikhangam on Wednesday laid the foundation of a multi-storied market complex at Manipur's Moreh town bordering Myanmar, about 110 kms from Imphal.The items incorporated in the ongoing Indo-Myanmar commercial activities have been increased from 40 to 62 even as the state government has identified a site at Moreh to set up a satellite town.Manipur Industrial Development Corporation Ltd (Manidco), the implementing agency of the market complex, is targeting to complete its construction within 36 months. \"The new market complex would be a milestone for the Look East Policy and a turning point for entrepreneurs of the country in general and Manipur in particular,\" said Gaikhangam, who also holds the home portfolio.In his speech, Manipur commerce and industries minister Govindas Konthoujam said the government is targeting to complete construction of the supermarket ahead of the scheduled time. He added that the number of items increased for Indo-Myanmarese border trade includes rice, medicines and motorcycles. Stating that four to five international marketers come to Manipur every month to expand their business in India by shipping the items through Myanmar, Govindas said he has taken into account some of their suggestions to import electronics items from Thailand.\"We are thinking about the Myanmarese government's request to grant transit permit to ferry electronic items to India,\" he said. Stating that the highway leading to Moreh, the gateway of South East Asia, is very important in the face of the growing commercial activities, Govindas urged all concerned not to impose bandhs and blockade along the route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17513058", "title": "District biodiversity committee set up", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Maharashtra State Biodiversity Board (MSBB) struggles for funds, a district biodiversity committee was constituted on Thursday. The committee will be chaisred by district collector Saurabh Rao and deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) for Nagpur division PK Mahajan will be the coordinating officer. The 15-member committee will include wildlife, botanical, bird, and agriculture experts, besides local NGOs.Veteran conservationist Gopal Thosar, bird expert Dr Anil Pimlapure, Maharajbagh Zoo in-charge Dr SS Bawaskar, honorary district wildlife warden Kundan Hate and others have been included in the district committee.The MSBB was set up in January 2012 under the Biological Diversity Act 2002. The maiden meeting of the committee was held at district collectorate on Thursday. Deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) PK Mahajan said that the Biological Diversity Act 2002 is a law meant to achieve three main objectives - conservation of biodiversity; sustainable use of biological resources and equity in sharing benefits from such use of resources.Mahajan informed the district committee will now set up panels at village level with experts from botany, zoology, ecology and pharmacology field, besides cultivators and legal advisers.\"These panels will deal with biodiversity including wildlife, traditional cultures, geological cycles and a range of other attributes that are threatened,\" said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512952", "title": "Parents-to-be line up for a 12-12-12 baby", "text": "NAGPUR: To make the happy occasion of the arrival of their baby into the world more memorable, many parents frequently ask the doctors to schedule the delivery on a day they think auspicious or special. Last year saw many a parents queuing up for their babies to be delivered on the special date 11-11-11. Since the next triple digit date would arrive more than eight decades later, 12-12-12 has become a day parents are inviting the stork to visit them.Though the city doctors are getting many a requests from expectant parents to schedule the births of their kids on the day, sense prevails over the sensation. Unlike the last year when some parents were ready to overlook health issues for getting the date right, this year the parents have become wiser and are only demanding the special date if it is feasible medically.\"Most patients who have made the request for deliveries to be scheduled on this day have done so as they had to undergo elective caesarean and were given a nearby date. The others are sensible enough not to make such demands,\" said gynaecologist Dr Indrajeet Mulik, who had delivered four babies on 11-11-11, two of which were unplanned normal deliveries.Gynaecologist Dr Chaitanya Shembekar has four of his patients lined up for delivery on the unusual date. \"In fact, one patient has even demanded that the time of delivery should be 12.12,\" he said. Similar request was made to gynaecologist Dr Alka Mukherjee, too, who said, \"My patient even told me to try at 12.12 at night and in case it didn't work to try at 12.12 in the afternoon on the special day,\" she said.Among those venturing to welcome their babies on the special date is gynaecologist Dr Anjali Dhote. She confesses that she has always been drawn towards double and triple digit numbers. \"Even the registration number of my vehicle and my phone number has double and triple digits which make it easier to remember them. Luckily, I had the opportunity to choose the date of my delivery as one such unique number as well,\" she said. One of the other parent-to-be, Shailesh Gharde said that it was only the easy-to-remember factor that drove him and his wife Sulakshana to opt for the date.Numerologist AR Menon says that though there are several other aspects of horoscope that affect the luck of a child, 12-12-12 is a particularly auspicious day. \"It is a Wednesday and calculations say that it is a favourable day. Beginning good things on this day will bring prosperity,\" he said. Another numerologist Ritu Jog, however, believes that numerology and astrology only affect people to a limited extent. \"At the end of the day, the education and environment around him will decide what a child grows up to be,\" she said.The growing career-orientation in the world is responsible for such crazy demands put forth by the patients, believes gynaecologist Dr Aparna Dhopavkar. \"With people becoming so organized due to professionalism, they are planning all other aspects of their lives as well. Since many couples plan to have only one child, they go all out to make the birth of the child an occasion to remember,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17515592", "title": "Vendors at railway station duping passengers", "text": "KANPUR: If you purchase 'Rail Neer' from food stalls at Kanpur Central railway station, make sure to check the MRP or you will end up paying more on each water bottle purchased. The vendors at railway station are these days selling packaged 'Rail Neer' at exhorbitant rates in order to make money. If a passenger opposes the railway vendor, he is ill-treated. In a hurry to catch the train, passengers pay more and leave instead of engaging into arguments. Sometimes, on the pretext of not having change, vendors overcharge the passenger. When some passengers try to counter the vendor, they are ill-treated.On Wednesday, TOI carried out a check to ascertain the fact and shockingly, it proved to be true. When one Nitin Kumar, resident of Patara, purchased Rail Neer from a food stall at platform number five, he had to shell out an extra three rupees which is more than the MRP. The vendor charged Rs 15 instead of Rs 12. As he was in a hurry, he ended up paying the hiked amount. Several such incidents take place each day at different railway platforms of Kanpur Central railway station but the senior railway officials are ignorant towards what is happening.TOI learnt through railway sources, that in nexus with RPF and GRP, the vendors overcharged passengers. There have been cases where the vendors threatened the passengers. \"We are asked by the cops to overcharge passengers without any fear. The extra bucks produced are shared with the GRP and RPF cops. Everything is done under cover,\" said a young vendor pleading anonymity.The vendor shocked TOI by admitting the fact that even mediapersons are involved in this business who are helped by the cops. On platform numbers six and seven, the situation was almost the same.\"We all are selling Rail Neer at Rs 15 and there is nothing wrong in it. Its price has been increased and we are taking the MRP,\" said a vendor on platform number seven. However, when asked that MRP printed on the bottle is Rs 12 and he was charging Rs 15, the vendor refused to comment.Talking to TOI, Chief Public Relations Officer, North Central Railways (NCR), Sandeep Mathur said sudden inspections are done to keep an eye over the vendors. \"I ask for an inspection soon to stop this racket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17515035", "title": "Key to bedwetting cure lies in brain", "text": "PATNA: In the high drama that followed Indian couple Chandrasekhar and Anupama Vallabhaneni's arrest in the Norwegian capital Oslo for \"repeated maltreatment of their seven year-old son\", a small medical fact got buried. Bedwetting, which is the reason behind the Oslo flare-up, is not as much a personality problem as it is a medical issue.Doctors say the child in question reportedly suffers from attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and around 40% of children with ADHD suffer from bedwetting. Newspaper reports had repeatedly said that the Andhra couple had petitioned the local authorities for child rehabilitation services, but were denied so because they were not citizens.Bedwetting is not a sign of laziness or personality problems; it is a behavioural problem that needs to be treated psychologically. \"We receive regular cases of bedwetting. It mostly happens because of structural problem in the urinary system, infection or behavioural disorders associated with fear and insecurity,\" said Dr Sandhya R Choudhary, professor and head of Pediatrics department, Patna Medical College. She added parents need to be counselled to treat their children in an assuring manner.Experts say routine care that entails encouraging the child to pass urine at regular intervals would go a long way in controlling the bedwetting habit as well. \"Only a change in habit is needed. Parents should take their child in confidence and teach them frequent voiding to control the problem,\" said Patna's noted child specialist Dr Mohan Kejriwal.Bedwetting is a normal phenomenon of growing age and only in few select cases it is a disease.For example, if children are rewarded for going to the toilet every three hours, it would become a habit that controls bedwetting. Dr Kejriwal said parents come to him almost on a daily basis with the problem. \"There is a lot of awareness among parents in the city. We get almost 25-30 cases of bedwetting per month.\"Urologists say that medically there is a formula to measure the bladder capacity of a child: it is equal to the child's age plus one multiplied by 30. Many doctors first ask parents to measure the urine output of their children. \"We send the urine for culture and prescribe medication based on the test reports,\" said Dr Kejriwal. But once the problem is known, treatment is simple. \"We prescribe drugs such as Desmopressin (tablet or nasal spray) that is effective in reducing the urge to urinate in the night,\" said Dr Kejriwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514212", "title": "Admn stalls CCTV vigil on beach", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Drawing flak from several quarters after installation of CCTV cameras on Puri beach, the district administration on Thursday stalled recording of footages. The Puri collector has also asked the district SP to inquire into the allegations that the 'third eye' captured women bathing in the sea. \"For the time being, we have asked the service provider to stop recording footages,\" Puri tourist officer Bijay Kumar Jena told TOI.A day after the maiden introduction of two surveillance cameras for security purpose, women at the beach accused the administration for intruding their privacy. Many women, after learning about the CCTV cameras, were left red-faced and rushed out of the sea. \"I have asked the SP to verify the allegations. If the CCTVs are indeed infringing upon the privacy of tourists, the angle of cameras should be changed,\" Puri collector Naba Kumar Nayak said.District police chief (in-charge) R K Singh said he has already asked the Sea Beach police inspector to submit an inquiry report in the matter. Though the monitoring unit of the CCTV camera system has been set up at Sea Beach police station, Singh denied granting permission to the private company to install CCTV cameras. \"We did not give any permission, though the project was cleared by the Beach Development Committee, formed by the government,\" Singh said. \"The Sea Beach inspector would find out whether or not the service provider chose correct locations, as recommended by the committee,\" Singh said.Beach Protection Council of Odisha, which had earlier lodged a written complaint with the collector, said women shunned bathing in sea on Thursday as well. \"We have the information that the recording was not stalled despite much hue and cry,\" Batia said.\"Until those cameras are turned towards the Marine Driver Road, tourists will continue to feel uncomfortable,\" Bastia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513970", "title": "East corporation unveils slew of taxes to stay afloat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sooner or later, it seems, people of Delhi will have to pay a heavy price for trifurcation of Municipal Corporation of Delhi. On Thursday, East Corporation proposed a slew of new taxes and an exponential hike in property tax and parking rates in its budget. Officials say these tax proposals are critical for strengthening the corporation's financial position but BJP is reluctant to go ahead as it fears it might spoil its chances of returning to power in the state after 15 years. Officials are already warning that major infrastructure development work is likely to suffer if taxes are not increased since their coffers are depleted.On Thursday, East corporation commissioner S S Yadav proposed a 160% hike in the base unit area rates for calculating property tax. This is calculated to boost the corporation's revenue by nearly Rs 200 crore. Officials say the base unit area value has not been revised since 2004 despite an increase in cost inflation index. \"The valuation committee report is yet to be implemented. The present property tax rates are not in accordance with the cost index. Post-trifurcation, the corporation needs funds to carry out development work,'' said Yadav.And for new development projects, the civic agency has proposed new taxes like an education cess and a betterment tax which will be 5% and 10% of the property tax, respectively. While the corporation admits that it hasn't done much development work in the area, it wants to impose betterment tax on people on the ground that property rates have increased due to infrastructure development. The two new taxes are likely to add Rs 33 crore to the corporation's coffers.Similarly, the corporation wants to levy a professional tax on people with an annual income of over Rs 5 lakh. The erstwhile MCD had also proposed a professional tax but it was turned down by the ruling BJP. This time, too, the party is not in favour of this move, but sources say BJP might consider approving an electricity tax which will be charged at a rate of Rs 200 per annum per KW on power generators of 5KWs and above and an educational cess, though the percentage would be less.After the North corporation, the East corporation too proposes to hike parking charges. The parking rate for cars is now Rs 10 for the first 10 hours and Rs 20 after that, but the commissioner, following the recommendations of a committee appointed by Delhi government, has proposed to charge Rs 10 for the first half-an-hour, Rs 20 for up to one hour, Rs 50 for up to three hours and Rs 20 for per additional hour. Moreover, during peak hours \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 5pm to 9pm \u00e2\u20ac\u201d cars will be charged 50% extra. A change in rates for two-wheelers has also been proposed.The corporation, however, will take up only one multi-level parking project in Babbarpur near Dilshad Colony. \"East Delhi is densely populated and doesn't have enough space for parking. There is also less scope to develop parking sites due to non-availability of land. To encourage people to use more public transport, there is a need to hike parking rates. Similar rates have been recommended by the chief secretary-headed committee as well,\" said Yadav.The committee had proposed that the corporations charge Rs 10-15 for half-an-hour, Rs 20 for an hour, Rs 50 for three hours and Rs 100-150 for six hours.There are only 15 approved surface parking sites in east Delhi and the corporation is proposing 35 new ones. By the end of next year, it will identify 100 more sites. The multi-level parking has been planned on a 4,000 sq m vacant plot in Babbarpur. \"The officials have conducted a feasibility study and the parking project is likely to be completed in two years,\" said Yadav.If the tax proposals are approved, the corporation's income in 2013-14 will be Rs 1,938.52 crore as against Rs 1,533.85 crore this year. According to the proposal, it will spend Rs 1,947.69 in the next financial year as against Rs 1522.69 this year.Caught between the deplorable financial condition of the corporation and the assembly polls next year, sources say, BJP is blaming the Congress-led Delhi government for the financial mess the corporation is finding itself in today. \"The commissioner had to propose these taxes as the corporation is facing a serious financial crisis. But we will try to boost our revenue by bringing more people under the tax net. We will start new projects in the public-private partnership mode. We will not increase the burden on people,\" said Mehak Singh, chairman, standing committee, East Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17514990", "title": "Warm days, chilly nights in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: The weather department has forecast rain at high altitudes and snow in the isolated areas of Himachal Pradesh on December 8 and 9. However, the temperature variation is causing warmer days and chilly nights. Shimla recorded a maximum temperature of 20.1 degrees celsius while Chandigarh's maximum was 22.7 degrees on Thursday.The unexceptionally warm weather during the day has left people wondering if it would actually snow in December or not. Una town recorded a minimum of 26 degrees celsius. Keylong in Lahaul-Spiti district recorded a minimum temperature of -4.3 degree celsius on Thursday and the minimum was 7.8 degree celsius, 4 degrees above normal. Manali saw a minimum of 1.6 degrees celsius though the maximum temperature was 16.2 degrees.Shimla meteorological centre has forecast that fresh western disturbances shall affect the western Himalayan region from December 10 onwards, and icy winds would sweep the state. Meteorological director Manmohan Singh said that chances of rain and snow is around 23%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518279", "title": "Now another 'Senorita' by Sabi Brar", "text": "Sarbjit Singh Brar also known as Sabi Brar is a young and ambitious upcoming Punjabi singer set to release his new single 'Senorita' on 12th December.He started singing at an early age of 14 years with his friends just for fun. He received a lot of compliments about his voice from his friends and family. He looked up to one of the successful artists Babbu Mann and Sukshinder Shinda. They were his inspiration and motivation to go further with his music carreer.Over the years he started to appreciate music more and decided to take some singing courses. His wish is to turn his hobby into his work.Now the time has come to start a serious music career. He wants to share his love for music with the world. He decided to start a project in collaboration with House of Titans. His first song called Senorita has just been recorded.Talking about the song Sabi Brar stated, \"The reason why I choose this concept is because a lot of people can relate to this feeling. Everybody falls in love and knows how it feels. So the song is accessible for young and old.\"Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17516403", "title": "Cop high alert claims fall flat", "text": "VARANASI: The 20th anniversary day of Babri Masjid demolition passed off peacefully in the city on Thursday. However, the men in khaki seemed to have let their guard down despite senior officials claiming that they had been put on high alert.Meanwhile, some sections of the city witnessed silent protests against the incident in the form of closure of shops and business establishments.The effect was evident at Naisadak, Dalmandi, Beniabagh, Chowk, Pilikothi, Badi Bazar and other markets which wore a deserted look. On the other hand, tight security arrangements were made at Dashaswamedh Ghat where Shiv Sena activists conducted a yajna. SP City SK Singh was also present to keep trouble mongers at bay.But after the SP City left the venue, the cops deployed at security and frisking points slipped into relax mode.Not only were the frisking points, which had defunct metal detectors, abandoned by the cops, but the cops were also absent from other vital points where they have been deployed to keep a vigil. The frisking points at Kutchehri were also seen unmanned.These ground realities surfaced just after a day after SSP BD Paulson conducted special drives and claimed that the forces would remain on high alert till December 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17514349", "title": "Empty sites turn into dumpyards", "text": "Hubli: Vasavi Nagar, with its close proximity to Hubli airport, is one of the fast growing areas in the city. Many apartments, houses and schools have mushroomed in the area in the recent years. With residents indiscriminately dumping waste in empty sites, heaps of garbage dot this highly peopled area. These dumping yards have now become shelter for stray pigs, dogs and reptiles. Sources say people, who are settled abroad, often purchase land in the twin cities and leave it idle for years until they get a good price to sell. Many such plots are now slowly turning into mini dumpyards. \"We have instructed that garbage be removed from every nook and corner of the ward, but some people are still dumping garbage in empty sites. People and residential organizations should cooperate with the authorities and keep all empty sites and layouts clean,\" Raghavendra Ramdurga, corporator of ward no.40, said. Savita Patil, a resident of Vasavi Nagar, said vacant sites filled with garbage have become an eyesore. \"Foul smell emanating from these places makes life hell for people living in the surrounding areas. These sites have become breeding ground for mosquitoes. The corporation must take action against owners if the sites are not kept clean and residents who dump garbage in these places,\" she added. Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil told TOI that dumping garbage in empty areas has become rampant in the twin cities. He said the corporation is advertising to create awareness among citizens not to dump garbage in empty sites and layouts. \"Site owners have been instructed to keep their sites clean. If they don't act even after getting notice, the corporation will take up cleaning, but will take service charge from site owners. We have visited Pune and other cities to know how they handle solid waste in their city. Efforts are on to start a solid waste management unit here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512949", "title": "Carnivore causes panic in Mihan", "text": "NAGPUR: Close on the heels of a sloth bear paying visit to a residential area in Besa two days ago, a carnivore, suspected to be either a leopard or a hyena caused panic in Mihan on Thursday morning. Mihan is 8km from the city.According to deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) P K Mahajan, who visited the spot in the evening, a safety supervisor Gopal Bawne, working on a construction site of SP Infocity, first sighted the carnivore from the fourth floor of the building.According to eyewitness, the animal was sighted between 10am and 11am and was sitting inside a fenced steel yard of the construction company. The fence has several breaches.Bawne sounded an alert and labourers working at the site ran away. Officials at Sonegaon police station were called up. Police reached the spot at around 1pm but could not find the animal. They informed the forest officials at Butibori and Nagpur.Meanwhile, a tiff between Seminary Hills RFO D B Nandanwar and Butibori RFO MG Thengdi over jurisdiction delayed the operation. Finally, a team from Seminary Hills including Gunwanta Kharbade, Digambar Devarkar, Santosh Yelekar, Ananda Yelekar and Ashok Belekar reached the spot.Going by the description of the animal, Mahajan suspects that it might have been a hyena and not a leopard. \"It is difficult to believe that the animal was a leopard if one takes into consideration the habitat and disturbance,\" Mahajan said. \"Our team scanned the entire area but couldn't find any pugmarks,\" he added.\"However, we are not taking any chances and workers at the construction site have been asked to remain alert and move in groups,\" said Mahajan.Naresh Chafekar, a contractor at the site, too tried to find out the whereabouts of the animal. Chafekar said that the area around the steel yard has tall grass and shrubs scattered in portions.Even though the identity of the animal still remains unknown, possibilities of the animal being a leopard cannot be ruled out. Last year, a leopard was sighted by a security guard in the sprawling premises of Central Institute for Cotton Research (CICR) on Wardha Road. A couple of months ago, a tiger had strayed near the villages close to Jamtha stadium in Butibori range.\"These animals might have lived in this area before land was acquired for Mihan. However, large-scale construction activity has led to habitat destruction,\" said Udayan Patil, a naturalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "17517599", "title": "Danish girls learnt Kabaddi from you tube", "text": "SANGRUR: Most of the Europeans watch widely popular site you tube to get addicted to entertainment but the Denmark girls logged on to the site to get insights about the Kabaddi, not even remotely known in that country.This instant love for the unknown game got the Danish girls from various Universities to sit back and learn the techniques of Kabaddi from you tube.Till barely three months back, the Danish girls not even have heard about the sport but a chance to witness Kabaddi match in Iran made the Danish girls getting curious about the game and the curiosity got them to go for it madly.The urge for the sport also got them to India to participate in world Kabaddi cup though had got the invite just two weeks before the commencement of the tournament, commanding big money in prizes.Interestingly the Denmark is only the woman team in this world cup having all the players of Danish origin with not even a single player having roots in India. It was too tough for Danish players to compete in the game but desire to excel made them spent extra hours for the game.In only two month e training, the Danish girls went on to beat Canada though lost to India on Thursday.\"Not only the girls but the Danish sports ministry too took keen interest in the sport and it has recognized Kabaddi as a sport in the country\", said team chef Prabhjit Singh. \"Now with sports ministry recognizing the sport, the clubs will be formed in various universities and leagues matches like widely popular Football will be played in the country\", said beaming team captain Joy Bentzen.Prabhjit said when the University girls got to know about participating in world cup in India they limited themselves to minutely watching videos on u tube and went deeper into it apart from getting finer details from me.\"We are here not just for fun but are in Kabaddi to play the sport for long. Mind it we will display excellent game in the next world cup, declared Joy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17514570", "title": "9 Haryana cops held for gambling", "text": "PANCHKULA: In an embarrassment to the Haryana Police, 11 people, including some policemen posted at the Haryana Police headquarters in Sector 6, were arrested for gambling and Rs 49,000 cash was recovered from their possession on Wednesday night.The accused included nine policemen \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kuldeep Singh, Om Prakash, Satish, Sunil, Baljinder, Subhash and three others \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and a retired employee each from Hafed and HSIDC. They were arrested near a public tube-well in Sector 6, close to the Haryana Police headquarters.ACP (headquarters) Virender Singh said, \"A raid was conducted at their gambling spot on a tip off. One of the arrested personnel was appointed with the CID wing of district police.\"During interrogation, Kuldeep and Baljinder, reportedly, confessed they had been gambling for a fortnight near the tube-well. Sources said a member of the district police force, residing at the district police headquarter, passed the information to crime branch about the policemen's gambling and the raid was conducted on the approval of DCP (Panchkula) Parul Kush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17512909", "title": "'Border security undermined in Assam'", "text": "Silchar: Assam BJP president Sarbananda Sonowal on Thursday said both the Centre and Assam government have been undermining security along Assam's international border with Bangladesh.He added that the 263-km border that Assam shares with Bangladesh is yet to be sealed and ISI-backed Muslim fundamentalists , who enter in this part of the country through Bangladesh, have posed a threat to Assam in particular.Sonowal said infiltration is unabated in Assam due to poor border management. This continues to pose a threat to the demographic balance of the state. He added that the government has not only failed to complete fencing along the Assam-Bangladesh border despite setting several timeframes, the quality of the fence erected is poor in comparison to the one on the Kashmir border.He said the barrier along the Indian Line of Control in Kashmir consists of double-row of fencing and concertina wire eight to twelve feet (2.4-3.7 m) in height. It is electrified and connected to a network of motion sensors, thermal imaging devices, lighting systems and alarms. The small stretch of land between the rows of fencing has thousands of landmines.However, the barbed wire fencing along the Assam-Bangladesh border is not only much lower in height, it is much inferior in contrast to the fence in Kashmir, said Sonowal. The fence has caught rust and is decaying in many areas allowing infiltrators, smugglers and miscreants from the other side of the international border to cross over to India easily.\"This is due to the step-motherly attitude of the Centre towards this part of the country,\" he said.The Assam BJP president, who came to Barak Valley districts for a four-day visit to gear up the party for the ensuing panchayati raj elections, lambasted both the Centre and the state government for poor progress of work along the 324-km stretch of East-West corridor in Assam and the Lumding-Silchar broad gauge project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513812", "title": "Eden finds its sporting spirit", "text": "KOLKATA: It was as gentle and effortless as it could possibly have been. A delectable nudge on the off side and the ball raced to the fence. Even before England captain Alistair Cook has managed to catch his breath after completing the third run, Eden Gardens was up on its feet, generously applauding the opener on completing 7000 runs in test cricket. Minutes later, Cook had reached another milestone. He swept fine for a boundary to reach his hundred and the Eden crowd was unstinting in its appreciation once more.A joyous roar greeted Cook as he raised his bat in acknowledgement. India was down in the dumps and was slowly being batted out of the match by the spirited visitors, but Eden didn't seem to mind. The 30,000 plus who filled up the terraces on a sunny Thursday afternoon enjoyed every bit of the crafty batting on display. A far cry from the booing and the barracking that the home team would receive for every disappointing performance till recently. The stadium welcomed back the learned cricket fans, who would rather appreciate a good game and a fine showing by the opposition than bay for the home captain's blood and hurl objects into the ground to stop a match if it was not going India's way.Shyamal Mukherjee, an Eden regular for 35 years, was certain that crowd behaviour at the ground has reverted to what it was till the late Eighties. \"It's so reassuring to see the crowd clapping for England. Eden has always praised good performances. It had changed for a few years from the Nineties. Spectators had turned aggressive and had lost the spirit to accept defeat, even to sides that played better. This time, it seems like the good, old days when people would flock to the ground to have a good time watching the players in action,\" said Mukherjee.The quiet tussle between the bat and the ball transported entrepreneur PR Bellani to the Seventies when cricket wasn't just a battle to be won. \"I remember Tony Greig going down on his knees and begging the crowd to keep quiet during overs. When spectators would get too boisterous, Greig would point his bat like a gun at them,\" he recalled. Years later, Bellani was at the ground when rowdy spectators stopped an India-Pakistan test in 1999 by hurling bottles at players. \"India would have lost the match anyway but Tendulkar's run-out sparked a riot in the stands. I was at the clubhouse as a CAB member after the police had driven out spectators for the match to be completed in front of empty stands. It was a shameful day for Eden,\" he said.It was not consistent with Eden behaviour, felt SK De, a retired professional. \"Somehow, the crowd had forgotten to accept reverses, which had never happened here prior to the Nineties. But look at the way the crowd has been rooting for England this afternoon. There was very little to cheer for India, but it didn't matter. Cook's cuts and pulls made their day. This is how Eden has been through history,\" said De.Sociologist Prasanta Ray said the change in behaviour pattern had more to do with pent-up frustration than cricket. \"The crowd had been venting its ire at none in particular. The anger was not well-defined, it was more of a pre-determined response to an unfavourable situation. That apart, the cricket crowd has generally turned more aggressive and less appreciative of visiting teams' doing well. They come to the ground to see their team win, not a good display,\" said Ray. It has changed in the last couple of years, he said. \"One reason could be the greater vigil. Also, the IPL might have weaned away the jingoistic crowd, leaving the aficionados to enjoy test cricket in peace,\" he said.Twenty-five-year-old Avishek Ghosh agreed. Applauding a Nick Compton glance from his B block seat, the youngster said 'test-lovers' were back at the ground. \"While the boisterous crowd now has IPL to make merry, the more patient have been left alone to enjoy the longer version. Yes, Eden has sobered down and thank God for it,\" he said.Australian tourists Michael Crew and David Yurns, who had dropped in at the Eden to watch cricket \"at the great venue\" were surprised by the sober crowd. \"We had expected Eden to be more boisterous, a little more restless and chirpy since India is not doing well. But they seem to be enjoying the game which is lovely,\" said Crew.But the Eden transformation might have got more to do with an \"emotional overkill\" than anything else, felt psychiatrist Siladitya Ray. \"Cricket has crossed the saturation point. The interest level has dropped and emotions are not running high. Let's wait for the Indo-Pak one-dayer in January,\" said Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514189", "title": "Boyfriend held for MBA pupil suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after MBA student Sonal Bagade (24) jumped off the sixth floor of a building in Santa Cruz (E), the Vakola police on Wednesday arrested her boyfriend, Umashankar Kushwaha, on charges of abetment of suicide.Legal experts, however, described the boyfriend's arrest as unjustified.Sonal had married Umashankar secretly and feared that her family would not approve of their relationship. In her suicide note, which was written in Marathi, she apologized to her family members for \"not living up to their expectations\". She, however, did not hold anybody responsible for her drastic step.Justifying their action, the police argued that they found out during the probe that Umashankar had a close relationship with Sonal and was responsible for her death. They also collected several photographs of the couple. Umashankar had met Sonal through the internet around two months ago. Senior police inspector Rajendra Pardeshi said, \"During the investigation, we learned that Umashankar had cheated Sonal by making false promises. He was forcing her to leave her studies and accompany him to his native place. This forced her to commit suicide.\"Experts, though, are not convinced. Advocate Anand Jondhale said, \"The arrest is unjustified. If the deceased did not mention his (Umashankar's) name in the suicide note, how could he be responsible for her death? Abetment of suicide stands only in a case where the accused intentionally acts in a certain manner, which forces somebody to end his/her life.\"Umashankar, meanwhile, was produced in court and remanded in police custody till December 10.The deceased mother had taken a divorce two decades ago and worked as a nurse at a private hospital in Sewree. Sonal's mother was furious when she learned about the secret wedding and asked her to cut off contact with Kushwaha. She also took away Sonal's cellphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17513261", "title": "'Run daily trains between Indore, Pune'", "text": "INDORE: Member of parliament (MP) and chairperson, standing committee on rural development, Sumitra Mahajan has written to the Central railway minister, Pawan Bansal for converting the running tri-weekly Indore and Pune train to daily basis.The issue has been discussed in the past meetings of inter railway time schedule. In the next such meeting, there will be another proposal given to get this train run daily. Large number of people from Indore work or study in Pune, and travel between Indore and Pune often. In her letter to the minister, Mahajan has requested for a brief stoppage of the train at Chinchwad, a suburb of Pune. Meanwhile in another letter that Mahajan wrote to chief secretary, govt of Madhya Pradesh R Parasuram, suggesting to initiate setting up of a unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA) in Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518408", "title": "'Kadal' audio on Dec 17", "text": "Finally it's official as Mani Ratnam's Madras Talkies announced on Thursday that the music of 'Kadal', composed by A R Rahman, will be launched on December 17. Expectations are already high on the audio of 'Kadal', especially after Rahman launched the single number 'Nenjukulle...' during a show on MTV recently.Building the excitement and expectations the original version of the song was released on radio a few days back and another song 'Keechan' is expected to be released before the audio launch.The music rights of Mani Ratnam's ' Kadal ' starring Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair have been acquired by Sony Music , which holds almost all the big albums of 2012. ' Kadal ' is about the lives and sufferings of fishermen in coastal areas of Tamil Nadu. There is a beautiful love story too, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514077", "title": "Explain rationale of total plastic ban: HC to government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday asked the state government if any study was conducted before banning manufacture and use of plastic bags.A bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked the government counsel to apprise it by December 11, the next date of hearing, on what basis it imposed a total ban on manufacture of plastic bags. \"Unless you say the plastic manufacturing industry is hazardous, how can you ban the manufacturing of plastic bags? What is the study you have done before imposing the ban?\" the court asked.The bench also asked, \"Can you impose a total ban? What would be the effect on manufacturing industry if you ban it?... Unless licences of these manufacturers are cancelled, how can they be banned to manufacture plastic carry bags?\" To this, the government counsel told the court that if the manufacturers do not have a market, they cannot manufacture plastic bags and their licence has been cancelled.The court asked why only carry bags were banned as plastic plates, bottles and spoons are still allowed. The bench was hearing a plea filed by All India Plastic Industries Association challenging the Delhi government notification of October 23 that imposed a blanket ban on plastic bags from November 23. Challenging the government notification, Delhi's manufacturers sought the court's direction to the government allowing them to manufacture plastic bags for sale in areas outside Delhi where they are not banned.Arvind Nigam, appearing for plastic manufacturers, said the state government has exceeded its jurisdiction while issuing the notification on plastic bag ban as only the central government is empowered to do so. \"The government, in a fanatic pursuit to endorse its predetermined agenda of completely closing down the plastic bags industry, in an arbitrary and unreasonable manner brushed aside the objections of the petitioners,\" the counsel argued before court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17512746", "title": "Young readers can book a date with writers at the Bangalore literature festival", "text": "The Bangalore Literature Festival (BLF), which unfolds this weekend at the Jayamahal Palace Hotel, will incorporate a robust (by usual standards) section on children's literature. It is a fact that most high-profile literary festivals across the country have made limited efforts to include writing for children in their hefty programmes, at best including one or two isolated sessions for children and young adults. But BLF hopes to break this trend.\"As part of the run-up to the BLF, we created an outreach programme, during which we organized reading and storytelling sessions in various Bangalore schools in collaboration with Pratham Books,\" says Shinie Antony, co-founder of the festival who has also authored a children's book, 'Goddy Tales'. Close to 1,000 children from various city schools were entertained by authors like Roopa Pai, Kanchan Bannerjee, Radha HS, Mala Kumar and Vidya Mani, translators Bhavya M and Meera Tushar, and author-illustrator Greystroke.During the three-day event, three sessions with children will run parallel with the festival proper. On Saturday, Pratham Books founder and author Rohini Nilekani will interact with kids while reading from her book 'Annual Haircut Day'. \"The children's section at BLF is a small step towards creating a larger ecosystem for children's writing in Bangalore and in the country; an ecosystem that will include writers, illustrators, designers and readers and will foster the growth of this often-neglected section of Indian writing,\" says Nilekani.Pratham Books editor author Mala Kumar will take an interesting session on Sunday, that will incorporate reading (from her Rituchakra series of books on India's seasons) and music, with vocalist Manoj Seshan performing ragas associated with each season.Author Roopa Pai, whose fantasy series for young readers, Taranauts, was a huge hit at the recently concluded Bookaroo children's litfest in Delhi, will also conduct a session on Sunday, on her other series 'Sister Sister', answering questions that will demystify science. Pai is convinced Bangalore is not too far from having its own children's litfest. \"There's a great reading culture among Bangalore's young readers, and a large number of writers here who write for them. The ecosystem exists, and I'm very excited about the possibility of a festival that will celebrate children's writing. This is the right step towards that goal,\" says Pai.DIGITALLY ENHANCEDBLF is arguably the first Indian litfest to incorporate technology in a really big way. All sessions will be streamed live on Internet radio through www.radiowalla.in with RJ Dipti Nair providing commentary on sessions as they conclude, and interviews with authors. The Radiowalla app can also be accessed on smartphones. Author interviews will also be hosted on the website authortv.in, while the BLF's social media partner will ensure sessions are streamed live on YouTube .AT A GLANCEWhat: Bangalore Literature FestivalWhere: Front lawns of Jayamahal Palace Hotel (near Cantonment Railway Station)When: Dec 7-9Dec 7: 4.30pm to 9pmDec 8: 9.30am to 9pmDec 9: 9.30am to 6.45pmEntry: Free; online registrations welcome at BLF websiteNumber of sessions: 20Number of authors attending: 80Expected footfalls each day: 2,000Washrooms: 10 chemical loosFood: A food court with various stalls will operate through the day", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512925", "title": "Ex-sub postmaster sent to jail for demanding 10% bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: A 61-year-old former sub postmaster of Borgaon sub post office has been sentenced to two years jail and slapped with a fine of Rs 10,000 after the special court of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) formed under the statute of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, found him guilty of making payment to an agent after unauthorized deduction of his 10% commission.Tukaram Tapre, arrested in October in 2004, was technically not caught 'red-handed'. Special public prosecutor Vijay Kolhe said that the amount of bribe of Rs 660, around which the case revolved, was retained by Tapre while making the payment of agency commission to complainant Narayan Pande. This did not allow the CBI sleuths to nab Tapre with currency notes smeared with powdered chemical that turned pink in solution during the routine procedure of such trap cases. \"Tapre had scribbled his kickback commission on a piece of paper before handing over the chit to Pande. This piece of paper turned out to be the key point in the case,\" said Kolhe.Special judge VS Murkute of the CBI court convicted Tapre under Sections 7 and 13 (2) and 13 (1) (D) of the PC Act, 1988. Tapre has been sentenced to one year jail and a fine of Rs 5,000, in default of which, another six months, under Section 7 of PC Act for accepting illegal gratification. The court has also sent Tapre for two years imprisonment with fine of Rs 5,000, with another six months jail term for default, under Sections 13 (2) and 13 (1) (D) of PC Act for misconduct of the accused as a public servant for illegal gains through corrupt means.Tapre, now retired, is learnt to have been harassing Pande for a kickback while paying the commission due to the victim for bringing around Rs 6.60 lakh from clients in post-office's monthly deposit scheme. Pande, also a former assistant director of postal services, had started an agency on the basis of commission after retirement.Followed by a complaint from Pande, CBI sleuths laid a trap to nab Tapre who was at that time posted at Borgaon Road post office. It is learnt that Tapre had assured the payment of agency commission to Pande only after he satisfied him with the 10% kickback.CBI's counsel Kolhe said that he had examined six witnesses in the case. \"The strong circumstantial evidence proved a vital point in the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17513503", "title": "Include BTC issue at all-party meet, NDFB-P to Shinde", "text": "Kokrajhar: The National Democratic Front of Boroland (Progressive), which is currently engaged in peace talks with the Centre for a separate state of Bodoland, has welcomed the statement of Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde to convene an all-party meeting to discuss the Telangana issue during the end of this month.NDFB (P) information and publicity secretary S Sanjarang on Thursday appealed to the Centre, particularly the Union home minister, to include the issue of a separate state of Bodoland in the forthcoming all-party meeting.He said the Bodos and other indigenous tribal people are the sons of the soil of Assam , but they have a distinct identity with unique history, language, culture and tradition. \"The Bodos are the largest in population among the indigenous peoples of the region and we have been struggling for a separate state within the Constitution of India for the last 45 years,\" he said, adding that during the struggle, many Bodo people have sacrificed their lives.He said many new states were created in India and the Telangana state is also set to come into reality. Sanjarang added that, \"The Bodo people have been discriminated against and denied their constitutional rights. This is not only a historical injustice but also a gross violation of the Indian Constitution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512756", "title": "Police-public meets on anvil for tourism season", "text": "PANAJI: In a step towards better policing, the police department has decided to start police -public interactions in the coastal belt especially during the tourism season.Police personnel will engage in dialogue with members of the public to solve their grievances as also to make people understand about legal issues involved on a day-to-day basis.North Goa SP Vijay Singh has issued directions to police inspectors of Calangute, Anjuna and Pernem to inform villagers, shack owners and restaurant owners under their jurisdictions to attend the meeting.Beat staff of concerned areas have been asked to attend the meetings.The first meet was fixed on December 8 at 4.30pm in the panchayat hall of Anjuna-Caisua whereas the second meeting will be held on December 15.Calangute will also have two meetings; one on December 22, and the second on December 29.In Pernen, it will be held on December 14 in the village panchayat hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513675", "title": "Fourth BRT phase to begin soon", "text": "PUNE: Construction of the fourth phase of the BRT corridor - from Kalewadi phata to Dehu Alandi road, will soon be taken up by the PCMC. The estimated cost of the project is Rs 48 crore. The total length of the corridor is 10.2 km.The corporation is constructing the corridor in five phases. The PCMC has planned to construct part of this corridor stretch from Pavana river to KSB chowk on Telco Road (via Auto Cluster located at Chinchwad) - which has a length of 3.4 km. The BRT corridor has a width of 45 metres.Civic officials said the corporation has invited tenders for the work. The Empire Road flyover at Chinchwad is also part of the BRT corridor.The PCMC said that the BRT corridor is the shortest link between the IT hub of Pune, Aundh Ravet road to MIDC area in Pimpri-Chinchwad. It further connects to Dehu Alandi road. The project is part of the BRT network development in Pimpri-Chinchwad sanctioned by the ministry of urban development under JNNURM.A total of four BRT corridors have been sanctioned under JNNURM for Pimpri-Chinchwad. The four corridors includes 12-km Pune-Mumbai highway stretch (Nigdi to Dapodi); 14.5 km Aundh-Ravet stretch; Nashik phata to Wakad (8.5 kms), and Kalewadi phata to Dehu-Alandi road (10.2 kms) stretch.The PCMC has said that only the physical work of the BRT corridor on the Pune-Mumbai highway stretch has been completed so far. Work on other corridors is in progress. The projects were started in the year 2009. The civic body hopes to complete the projects by December next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513684", "title": "Art college chief puts in papers", "text": "KOLKATA: Jayanta Chowdhury, the teacher-in-charge of Government Art College, has been transferred after he tendered his resignation with the higher education department on Thursday. He will be replaced by Rebanta Goswami, a teacher from the same college. Chowdhury has put down his papers alleging government inaction after the college campus witnessed several protests in last few days.Higher education department officials, however, said it was important to bring the situation under control at the college rather than trying to make a deal with the agitated students and teachers. The students were furious with Chowdhury's decision to dissolve the teachers' council which, the students alleged, has been done without consulting anyone. \"With only a month to go before the annual exhibition which is held at the college, we wanted to restore normalcy on the campus.Moreover, Chowdhury himself has tendered his resignation. How can we allow him to continue in the post if he himself is reluctant and wants to move out? Once the situation becomes normal, we will try to listen to the agitated students, teachers and those who are in the opposite camp. Right now, the primary aim is to restore discipline. Otherwise, the classes are being hampered,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512983", "title": "Nasscom strikes positive note", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as shares of IT companies took a hit again on Thursday, seemingly in reaction to Cognizant indicating its growth next year would be about 4 percentage points lower than that this year, .The BSE IT index dropped 1.47%, underperforming the benchmark Sensex that rose 0.49%. Infosys's scrip fell 1.84% to close at Rs 2,339 and TCS's stock was down 1.14% at Rs 1,282.Ankita Somani, IT analyst in Angel Broking , said IT stocks going down don't bode well for the industry. \"Cognizant's growth expectations will have a negative impact on the Indian IT sector. IT companies had been forecasting a higher revenue growth in 2013-14. But the initial announcement from Cognizant doesn't capture that positive sentiment,\" Somani said.On Wednesday, Cognizant had made a regulatory filing with the US SEC on the top management's performance-based stock unit grants for next year. The growth target on which the performance awards are based is seen to be a reasonable initial indication of the company's revenue growth guidance for the year, which it provides in February.In the last three years, its annual guidance (issued in February) has been more or less equal to the threshold for 100% stock unit awards for management. So analysts expect Cognizant to provide a 16% guidance in February, less than the 20% it expects for 2012.IT industry body Nasscom said the fall in tech stocks on Indian stock markets was no reflection of the industry's future.\"There is no need for anyone to quickly conclude that things are not going to be good in the coming fiscal,\" Sangeeta Gupta, vice-president of Nasscom, said. She said Nasscom had just begun the process of consultation with stakeholders to provide a forecast for the next financial year. \"The tech industry comprises of diverse segments and to determine an outlook requires detailed analysis,\" she said.However, last month, Nasscom had revised downward its forecast for this year. In February, it had forecast 11-14% growth, but in November said it is likely to be at the lower end of this range.In the filing, Cognizant had said its top executives would earn 100% of performance-linked shares if revenue increases by 16% for the year ending December 2013.Dhananjay Sinha, co-head of institutional research in brokerage firm Emkay Global Financial Services , warned, \"The street expects Cognizant's initial 2013 revenue guidance would be 16%, and given that Indian peers have grown this year at about 10%, the street is worried that India-listed players would grow in single digits next year. That has caused the correction in the stock prices.\" He added Cognizant's downward revision is reflective of the business environment. \"Discretionary spending has remained under check and elongated decision making cycles has impacted near term volume growth,\" he said.Siddharth Pai, MD of outsourcing advisory firm ISG, said the sector was already at low double digit growth for a while. \"The larger a company gets, the more difficult it becomes to sustain aggressive growth rates,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17513721", "title": "Twin inquiries into Howrah water audit", "text": "HOWRAH: Two separate special enquiries have been ordered on the findings by the Howrah Municipal Corporation's (HMC) resident audit office that water supplied by Padmapukur Water Works (PWW) was \"unsafe\".The probes, ordered on Wednesday by Howrah municipal commissioner Nilanjan Chatterjee, comes after HMC authorities were \"not entirely\" satisfied with clarifications the PWW plant superintendent Ashish Sen had submitted on the audit report, said sources. Besides, the commissioner's probe order issued on Wednesday,HMC sources also said that mayor Mamta Jaiswal has also appointed a three-member committee comprising senior civic officials to inquire into the alleged irregularities at PWW.TOI had, in a report on November 23, quoted from the audit report submitted to the HMC commissioner on November 1. The audit report said, \"The bacteriological analysis report showed presumptive coliform count at 110/100 ml and faecal coliform count at 11/100 ml which was much higher than the optimum danger level.\" The audit report further said, \"No effective measures to tackle the situation were initiated and the authority, knowingly, had been playing with the health and lives of common people without any regrets.\" About10 lakh people, living in HMC's wards 1 to 40 and 24 and 44 and parts of 41, drink this \"treated\" water every day.After the resident audit office submitted its report on November 1, the commissioner asked HMC chief auditor Sujit Khan to direct the PWW plant superintendent to clarify questions raised in every paragraph of the audit report. Khan's direction reached plant superintendent Ashish Sen on November 12. Sen was given 15 days to submit his clarifications and he did so on November 27.On Wednesday, HMC commissioner Chatterjee asked the civic body's engineering adviser Debaprasad Dutta and chief auditor SujitKhan to conduct separate special inquiries into the audit report. \"While Dutta was asked to probe the technical questions raised in the report, Khan was directed to inquire into other irregularities highlighted in the audit, like those on stock registers and payment of salaries,\" said Chatterjee.\"I have ordered separate inquiries by engineering adviser Debaprasad Dutta and chief auditor Sujit Khan on the audit report about Padmapukur Water Works,\" said the HMC commissioner.The Howrah mayor had held a press conference a day after the TOI report and had described it as \"untrue and confusing.\" Ashish Bose, Trinamool councillor in HMC, wondered why probes were ordered when the mayor herself had declared the TOI report untrue.The Trinamool leader of the opposition in HMC, Arun Raychowdhury, said his party had for long been speaking out against the poor quality of water supplied by PWW.Trinamool Congress councillors in HMC submitted a deputation to the mayor on December 3 about irregularities in PWW highlighted in the internal audit report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17515056", "title": "Four dead, 2 kids critical in road accident", "text": "SHIMLA: Four persons were killed in a car crash during the late hours of Wednesday and two kids - a boy and a girl - were critically injured, and admitted to hospital, police said. The car (PB-65C-0970) was being driven on the Majehwali link road near Koshgar in Jhakri area of Rampur subdivision in the interiors of Shimla district. The driver lost control over the vehicle which rolled down the valley, police officer Sher Singh said.Those who died in the accident are Sant Ram, 35, Anil Kumar , 28, Sidhu Ram, 45, and driver Chauhan Singh, 38; all residents of Shah village under Rampur tehsil. Harmit and Samola, son and daughter of driver Chauhan Singh survived. A case has been registered and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514059", "title": "BMC moots online grievance redressal", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) will soon give a proposal to Odisha Computer Application Centre (OCAC) to facilitate citizens post grievances online to the civic body.Citizens of the city have been demanding to file their grievances online for better redressal. At present, citizens are lodging their complaints through a toll-free number, which is getting busy tone most of the time.\"I have consulted the technical team in the BMC regarding online posting of grievances. The BMC will propose the OCAC to improve the present grievance registration system,\" said Sanjib Kumar Mishra, commissioner, BMC. He said it won't take more than ten days to put in place an online system.If an online posting of grievances is made available to citizens, there will be more number of grievances than that by lodging through the toll-free number, said Siddharth Pujari, principal consultant at the BMC for IT project management unit. \"The citizens will have options to lodge the complaints. They can better describe their problems without seeking anybody's help,\" said Pujari.Calling the toll-free number and registering the complaint nvolves interaction with the call centre executive, who after being convinced the complaint is genuine, uploads it in web portal with the complainant's details and nature of complaint. Then it goes to the department concerned, which follows up on the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513092", "title": "LDA-Ansal API tussle leavesAstha Aparments buyers in lurch", "text": "LUCKNOW: A recent controversy that has sparked between Lucknow Development Authority (LDA), housing major Ansal API and the Housing Board has left the fate of more than 864 allottees of Astha Apartments in lurch. The apartments was proposed to be set up in the hi-tech township on Sultanpur Road by Ansal API.The LDA has slapped charges of cheating and fraud on the real estate major Ansal API and has stalled the housing society project Astha Apartments, a 104 acre area which falls in village Barauna. The authority claims that it neither gave approval for the project not passed its actual layout plan. The builders, LDA alleged, started work without taking its consent. This 104 acre stretch in Barauna village is a disputed land between the Housing Board and the developer. While Housing Board said it acquired this land in 2004 while getting ownership of 4000 acres including that stretch, the developer defended itself stating that there might be some clerical error on the Housing Board's part as they hold documents and an approved conceptual plan layout by the LDA.LDA secretary Ashtbhuja Prasad Tewari said, \"If allottees have invested in the project, it is at their own risk. They should have cross-checked with our website whether we have approved such project or not.\" Another senior LDA official said the developer got approval only on its conceptual plan (temporary) which is the first step towards any project. \"He has to then submit an actual layout plan highlighting details of areas which would be covered within the project. If the developer has mislead authorities in the conceptual plan and has intentionally tried to acquire somebody else's land, it is his responsibility not ours,\" said the official. Tewari also confirmed that LDA never passed actual layout plan for Astha project.The second angle emerged when the Housing Board said that though in 2006, the government had ordered them to hand over 1,500 acres of the acquired 4,000 acres land to Ansal API, it did not cover village Barauna. Additional housing commissioner and secretary Rudra Pratap Singh told TOI, \"First time, their plan didn't get approved by LDA as it included 100 more acres land of Barauna along with the 1,500 acres. Within a week, the developer presented a revised plan which didn't include the disputed Barauna's stretch, and hence got approved. The approved plan doesn't mention this land.\"Singh added that they were shocked to see newspaper advertisements of Ansal API in 2009 on Astha Apartments with the claim that it had been approved by the LDA. \"I clearly remember they never got approval for this land then how can they invite innocent people for putting money in the project to book their flats\", he said.An official in Housing Board said the entire scam took place in cooperation with some of the LDA officials who sanctioned an already acquired land by the Housing Board to Ansal API for developing this project. Housing Board immediately took action against the developers and sent a notice to LDA objecting to the project saying that they have ownership documents of the land and that it must take necessary action against the involved officials of the authority. They have charged Ansal API under Section 28 (intention to acquire) and Section 32 (acquisition) of the Uttar Pradesh Housing Act in their letters to the high court and the principal secretary of housing and urban planning department.The developers have defended themselves saying that they have proofs of approvals from LDA and that they started excavation and levelling of the site only after its consent. A senior official of the company told TOI, \"This project lies within the initially sanctioned 1,765 acres area by the government for developing hi-tech township in Lucknow. The then LDA vice-chairman had sent his confirmation after verifying the details to the government for final nod on the project. The government had then asked the Housing Board to give a no objection certificate to the developers. We have the NOC of the Housing Board with us and are going to fight back the board for our rights.\"\"We have full faith that we would win the case. In case we lose, we would give the invested money to the allottees with the simple 10% interest on it. If people demand relocation in some other project, we are willing to do so,\" the company official saidEach allottee has invested roughly around Rs 10-12 lakhs and some of them have filed RTI applications to gather information about the status of the project but to no avail. They are worried about their money as they have not received any clear information from any party and have been asked to wait till the final decision. An allottee, GP Tewari, said, \"It's unfair on the developer's part to give us a simple interest given the amount of appreciation in the real estate sector these days. We have been cheated and kept in darkness all this while.\"Meanwhile, Ansal API confirmed that the matter was being considered in the court and it has asked the government to re-consider all facts and documents to decide upon the project. \"This would be decided within a month as to who actually owns the land. We have in fact bought lands from farmers in this area to set up the project. How could Housing Board acquire this land without talking to us,\" questioned an official working with the developer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17512489", "title": "Missing degree students found dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two degree students, who skipped college and went for a swim in in Medchal, were found dead on Thursday morning. The police said a missing complaint was lodged by parents of Suresh, 22, and Krishna Babu, 24, on December 3 at the Lalaguda police station. On December 3, Suresh and Krishna Babu left their homes informing their parents that they were going to college. \"Instead of going to college, the students went to Thumacheruvu for a swim. They drowned there,\" the police said.In another case, an unidentified man's body was found near the flyover at Bandlaguda, Keesara on Thursday morning. There were injuries on the head and chest of the man. Police suspect the body was abandoned near the flyover after committing the murder elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17514645", "title": "Nowhere to turn, India are losing the plot", "text": "England's ascendancy after two days of play in the Eden Gardens Test has served up a timely reminder of some deep-rooted problems in Indian cricket. There are worrying signs that the team may not be so much in transition as in precipitous decline.Judging by the poor batting performance on a flat Eden surface and the sub-par bowling, the defeat on a rank turner in the last Test in Mumbai does not seem an aberration. It could just be a logical progression from the losses in England and Australia over the last year, although on very different kinds of pitches.As captain Alastair Cook marched away to a record 23rd century for England on Thursday in excellent batting conditions, India's supposed supremacy in home conditions seemed distant memory.Firstly, there's the retirements of two great batsmen. There's an inconsistent opening combine,a dodgy middle and lower-middle order and the lack of convincing new bowling talent in either the spin or pace department. All these problems have forced India to increasingly rely on luck and stray individual brilliance to wriggle out of tough situations.Both have continued to elude them more often than not in the recent past.The problems begin with captain MS Dhoni, who continues to take some questionable decisions in the field and looks lost and defensive when his plans don't work out. The tendency to give away easy singles and give spinners short spells have come under the scanner. Under pressure to justify his place in the side of late, Dhoni finally came good with the bat but not before betraying a lack of conviction by asking for turners when his team clearly couldn't match England's skill and confidence.The hosts have been out-bowled , out-thought and outclassed by Cook's men. Has Dhoni been too obsessed with the pitches to focus on these shortcomings?With Umesh Yadav , who looked impressive in Ahmedabad, out with injury, the bowling resources are threadbare. Zaheer Khan is clearly in decline and his strike rate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is a steep 98.5 this year. He started well on Thursday but has generally failed to inspire the fast-bowling flock. Ishant Sharma's comeback looked undeserving as after a good start, he too faded away. His last 4 Tests have fetched Ishant a strike rate of 208 and only 3 wickets. Was it a mistake to pick him over local lad Ashok Dinda, whose domestic record continues to impress?The spinners \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Pragyan Ojha and R Ashwin \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are still young and finding their feet. They were guilty of straying in line all too often and have not looked half as effective as the England duo of Panesar and Swann. The highly-rated Ashwin has been guilty of trying too many things and losing the plot. Maybe, they could do with the guiding hand of a spin bowling coach.Worse, there doesn't seem to be a second-rung of bowlers capable of holding their own in Tests.Then there's India's problems with the bat, which caused this predicament at Eden in the first place. The batsmen again performed below par, much like they have in the past year and half, but this time it was on a friendly home surface. Sadly, India's batsmen are not masters of playing spin anymore and they continue to be suspect against the faster stuff.Virat Kohli hasn't justified his billing and Yuvraj Singh's Test career may not undergo a grand resurrection after all. There is no Dravid or Laxman to hold things together. Tendulkar is nearing the end and Sehwag and Gambhir are too inconsistent to be relied upon. Only Cheteshwar Pujara offers hope but he is a baby in Test cricket, even if he has taken some giant steps.This leaves India without a dependable rock in the batting, one who the team feels confident will do his job and around whom the rest can bat. From a situation not so long ago when there were three of them \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Dravid, Sachin and Laxman \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the cupboard is almost bare. It's been a crippling blow.Of course, Dhoni and Co will be looking to pull things back in the series. If they don't , convincing Test wins like the one in Ahmedabad in the first Test may soon become blips on the radar rather than the norm. A cricket-crazy nation may have to reconcile to a long period of lowered expectation.By playing into the talk of a 'revenge series' and aiming to blow England away on rank turners, Dhoni &amp; Co forgot to confront their deepest fears: that man to man, England may be the better team, no matter the conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17514529", "title": "Youth with eye defect gets govt job after HC intervention", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has come to the rescue of a BE graduate with vision defect and helped him get a job in Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (Tangedco).The 26-year-old man was denied employment on the ground that he has eye defect. The court passed orders in favour of the youth named S Sukumar. The court has directed the Tangedco authorities to appoint Sukumar to any suitable post.Sukumar of Pudukkottai district did his graduation in BE (mechanical engineering) in 2009 and secured first class. His father, Subramanian who served as draughtsman in the divisional engineer's office of TNEB ( Tamil Nadu Electricity Board) in the same district, expired on December 4, 2009 while in service.Seeking employment on compassionate ground, Sukumar applied for the post of technical assistant (TA). He was selected for the TA post and was posted to the Mettur Thermal Power Station as per the order of the superintendent engineer of Pudukkottai dated February 5, 2011. Subsequently, he was subjected to physical fitness tests including eye test in Egmore, Chennai on July 18, 2011.The report of the examination was directly sent to the chief engineer of Tangedco. On August 19, 2011 Sukumar received an order from the chief engineer denying employment in Tangedco based on the report. The report said that he would not have proper vision during night hours.Seeking relief, Sukumar filed a writ petition before the Madurai bench. His counsel K Balasundharam told the court that the petitioner has no problem of vision during day time and he could read, write and visualise things in light.Counsel S Dhayalan, who appeared for Tangedco told the court that the petitioner could not be appointed, to any post in Tangedco due to his eye defect.He also suggested the court that other dependants in Sukumar's family, are welcome to apply for employment. Disposing the petition, Justice S Tamilvanan told that the authorities cannot deny the petitioner's right of appointment.Asking the petitioner to seek employment for some other family member would certainly defeat the very object of the 'The Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995\", which is welfare legislation, enacted by the Central government in favour of disabled persons, the judge observed.Accepting the submissions of petitioner's counsel, Justice set aside the order of the chief engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513559", "title": "Scientists show at Lucknow Mahotsav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Visitors in large numbers, including school students and cops, are visiting stalls of Lucknow-based CSIR institutes at Lucknow Mahotsav. Scientists present at the stalls are answering the queries of visitors.The major attraction at the stall is Sanjeevani Booty displayed by NBRI. Many have requested CIMAP to provide herbal products in the open market and just confined to Biotech Park which is not easily accessible to everyone.CSIR-CIMAP ( Central Institute of Medicinal Aromatic Plants) has also put on display, \"Nari\", a sanitary napkin which is claimed to be better than the sanitary napkins available in the markets. It is scientifically validated too as it prevents infection due to its antimicrobial activity and also reduces itching. It is fortified with Aloe vera which has soothing and healing properties with organic absorbent providing fresh and comfort feel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17512838", "title": "I will not vote for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcgreedy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Kejriwal, Anna Hazare says", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another flip-flop, activist Anna Hazare blamed Arvind Kejriwal's fascination for power for the split in the anti-graft movement and said he would not vote for the Aam Aadmi Party.Asked whether his former aide had become \"greedy\" for power, the 75-year-old activist said, \"It is right.\" \"I thought I will (vote for AAP) but now I find it difficult because it is being seen that it is moving towards the path of 'money through power and power through money', I will not be anywhere near them,\" news agencies quoted him as saying.Asked whether Kejriwal had become greedy for power and whether it resulted in the split, Hazare said, \"This is right. Earlier, I used to think that Arvind is into selfless service. But I don't understand how this thought of entering politics came into his mind.\"A movement was on for the first time after independence for system change. People were coming out. I thought a good movement has evolved. There was a feeling this will earn results. But at that time, I don't understand, how such a thinking came into his mind.\"He said there was a need for unity in the fight for system change. \"This revolution is not complete. We need to stand united. We all, Ramdev, Arvind, all should fight together. Arvind faltered on the way. Ramdev also should sever links with communal organizations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513724", "title": "Task force to interact with British investors", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is making all efforts to strengthen its business ties with UK. In order to attract investors from the country, it has set up a task force that will interact with UK-India Business Council and ensure investors do not face any problem.On Thursday, the Business Council CEO Richard Heald accompanied by British deputy high commissioner in Kolkata Sanjay Wadhwani met chief minister Mamata Banerjee and finance minister Amit Mitra to discuss investment opportunities in the state.In the meeting, the business team said they were willing to invest in long-term projects like sea port and riverbank beautification. Besides, they also expressed interest of investing in education, health and IT sectors. The West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation has also signed a consent letter with the Business Council so that the two can work together in various projects.In January, another team of delegates will visit the city to finalise investment projects.Bengal government in order to draw investment from UK based companies has set up a task force for interacting with UK-India business council so investors do not face any problem. The CEO of the business council Richard Heald met the Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee accompanied by British deputy high commissioner in Kolkata Sanjay Wadhwani to discuss about British firms investment opportunities in and around Kolkata.Last month Bengal's urban development minister Firhad Hakim had been to London to interact with the British government's UK Trade and Investment (UKTI), to identify possible areas of co-operation between UK and Bengal. UKIT helps UK based companies to reach out to overseas lands. The UKTI had made a survey in various Indian cities and had found Kolkata to be the best place for investment.On Thursday the British team discussed about joint-venture projects in the city. The UK business team stated that they are willing to invest in long term projects and for that they discussed with the CM and finance minister Amit Mitra. The state is willing to take their help and for that West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation signed a consent letter with the UK-India Business Council so that the two can work together in various projects. In January another team of business delegation is coming to the city to finalise investment projects in Bengal.The team had expressed interest in investment in setting up sea port, river bank beautification. Even they are willing to go for direct investments in setting up new cities, transport infrastructure, education, health and IT sectors.Bengal government has already discussed with the Thames River Association so that the city's riverfront can be improved and people can walk along the river bank.Already there are talks to develop the city's river bank and revitalize the port area for commercial use. Mamata Banerjee had repeatedly reiterated that she wants to convert the city's riverfront and make it alike Thames. For that already the beautification project has started in the city. Even the state is looking for some British companies for its financial hub in Rajarhat. They discussed that the financial hub can be viable if there is a proper legal environment, a low tax regime and low cost proposition. The Rajarhat financial hub can be a perfect destination for the foreign financial companies as Kolkata has got a good talent pool of professionals and low real estate prices.The British officials also discussed about how they can participate in upgrading the Rajarhat and similar satellite townships. The British delegates also appreciated the state's initiative to set up the eco-park at Rajarhat on a 480 acre plot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi/ghaziabad", "code": "17513931", "title": "Farmers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 body calls off toll plaza protest", "text": "NEW DELHI/GHAZIABAD: In a big relief to the Centre and the Uttar Pradesh government, Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU) on Thursday suspended its plan to take over more toll plazas in the state. The decision came after the Ghaziabad administration slapped a Rs 15 lakh notice on the organization for toll loss at Dasna plaza due to its protests.The Meerut DM and police chief forwarded CM Akhilesh Yadav's letter to BKU representatives assuring the farmers that their grievances would be addressed. BKU first called off the takeover of DND toll plaza in Noida and later announced withdrawal of its men from all toll plazas across the state from Thursday night.BKU's Rakesh Tikait claimed the protest had generated awareness on how tolling practices were wrong. \"The protest can be revived at any time,\" he said. He said the authorities had agreed to expedite disbursement of Rs 200 crore compensation to farmers for land acquisition, providing adequate over and underpasses across highways for local traffic and construction of service roads so that local traffic was not forced to take the toll road. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17514010", "title": "Cost effective solar plan for education institutions", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Energy Development Agency (Teda) has come up with a special 25kWp solar energy system package for educational institutions. This will allow colleges and universities to get a grid tie or non-battery system to generate solar energy for 30 to 35 lakh. Without this subsidy, the cost of this system is 50 to 60 lakh.The institution can generate around 35,000 to 40,000 units (kWh) of power a year by installing solar panels on an area of 4,000 sqft. Teda made the offer at an awareness workshop on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514210", "title": "RTO to auction seized luxury buses", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The regional transport office has decided to auction two private luxury buses which were seized from the Biju Patnaik Airport in August for plying with invalid permit.\"Despite several reminders, the operator has not turned up to pay the penalty. We will wait for a few more days and auction the vehicles,\" motor vehicle inspector Dipti Ranjan Patra said. \"The operator will have to pay nearly Rs 6.5 lakh as penalty to get the vehicles released,\" Patra said.The buses, which had been plying illegally at the airport for the last three years, were caught with invalid documents near Naveen Niwas, the residence of chief minister Naveen Patnaik on August 13. During inspection, transport officials found that the buses were plying illegally. \"The buses neither had RTO permit nor paid tax to Odisha government,\" Patra said.Though the buses (52-seater and 32-seater) were registered in West Bengal , the owners allegedly did not inform the Bhubaneswar RTO after the vehicles entered Odisha. Vehicles from other states are required to obtain re-registration here. As per norms, the vehicle owner should have produced 'No Objection Certificate' (NOC) near the RTO. But the buses were found flouting the MVI norm. Each vehicle was supposed to pay nearly Rs 10,000 tax to the RTO.The RTO officials said they did not come across any violation by other buses plying in the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17514322", "title": "VC gheraoed over delay in panel report", "text": "RANCHI: Members of the National Students' Union of India (NSUI) on Thursday gheraoed vice chancellor of Ranchi University LN Bhagat for more than two hours, forbidding him from attending the press conference where he was supposed to announce the itinerary of the youth festival.The students were protesting against the delay in submitting a report on the convocation hall being given to a political meeting.Kumar Raja, state head of NSUI, said, \"The convocation hall of RU was given to AJSU for a meeting on November 6 whereas the chancellor had instructed that the hall has to be used only for educational purposes. When we protested about it, a committee was formed under the proctor of the university, Dr A Q Zilani.\"Dr Zilani was supposed to probe the matter and submit a report by November 28.\"\"It has been 10 days after the declared date but no report has been submitted. We have kept the VC captive and we wouldn't let him go unless we get the report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514207", "title": "Two Sushruta doctors fired for fatal snag in hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Thursday terminated the services of two doctors and suspended another for dereliction of duty leading to the death of five critical patients admitted in Sushruta Trauma Centre.The additional medical superintendent of the super-specialty hospital, who filed a police complaint against the private company operating the oxygen supply system, has also been transferred. Police sources said they have questioned several hospital officials; if culpability is established, sources added, they could be arrested too.\"The services of two junior specialists Dr Richa Gupta and Dr Tina Khurana, in-charge of the anaesthesia department, have been terminated with immediate effect. Dr Anshuman, medical officer in-charge of maintenance and repair, has been suspended till further notice; and Dr Vikas Rampal, the additional medical superintendent of the trauma care facility, has been transferred,\" said health minister Dr A K Walia.He added that action has been taken against the hospital staff as problem in the oxygen supply was noted once before, but the authorities had failed to take remedial measures. Tuesday's incident was, therefore, avoidable.Walia said the contract of PES Installations to maintain the gas pipeline system and provide manpower to run the same is being terminated with immediate effect. \"The company provides gas supply system to several other state-run hospitals. We are mulling over the termination of all contracts with them,\" he said.Meanwhile, Delhi Police raided the hospital on Thursday and seized several documents pertaining to contract between the hospital and PES Installations and functioning of the hospital. They also slapped another charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under Section 304 of IPC to the existing FIR lodged under Section 304A - death due to negligence and negligent conduct with respect to the machinery under Section 287 of IPC.Two people appointed by the private company to run the pipeline system, supervisor Madan Lal Sharma and technician Amit Singh Katoch, who were arrested on Wednesday, were produced before court on Thursday and sent to 14 days judicial remand.\"Till now, we have arrested the players on the ground and charged them with negligence, however, we are yet to identify and arrest the person (s) actually responsible for the fiasco and letting someone who couldn't clear his Class VIII exam handle the oxygen supply,\" a police source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513129", "title": "Swamy's complaints against Rahul inadmissible: RO", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a relief to Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi, the returning officer of Amethi parliamentary constituency has written to the Election Commission that Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's complaints against him are 'inadmissible'.Speaking to TOI, UP chief election officer Umesh Sinha said, \"The RO's report cites Section 468 of the CrPC Act which bars cognizance of complaints after a certain period. In this case, one year was the period of limitation. We have sent the RO's report to the commission on December 4 and their response is awaited.\"In his representation to the chief election commissioner, Swamy had accused Rahul, Amethi MP, of misrepresenting facts relating to his assets in his affidavit during the 2009 Lok Sabha elections. Swamy, in his letter to the CEC, said: \"In his affidavit he has wrongly stated that he has no shares and debentures in companies. This is a blatant Iie.\"Under the Representation of the People's Act, one year is the period of limitation for complaints of offences punishable with imprisonment of a term not exceeding one year. The Act also says the punishment for filing a false affidavit is less than one year.Swamy, in his two-page complaint, also said, \"According to the list of shareholders of the Associated Journals Ltd. (owners of National Herald and Qaumi Awaz newspapers) as on September 30, 2008, submitted to Registrar of Companies (RoC), Rahul Gandhi holds more than three lakh shares in the company.\" In addition, \"The latest list of shareholders of 2011 of The Associated Journals submitted to RoC states that Rahul Gandhi is still a shareholder in the company. In 2011 list of shareholders, Rahul Gandhi's 2,62,411 shares were transferred to Priyanka Gandhi , while he retains 47,513 shares in his name.\"Swamy's allegations against Rahul also include charges of not having declared three lakh shares that he held in the company in his affidavit on assets and liabilities. The Congress general secretary has also, allegedly, not disclosed 2,500 shares in a private company Backdrops Services Private Limited in the affidavit for the 2009 polls. The Janata Party leader also said that in a bid to cover up his alleged misrepresentation, Rahul declared to the RoC on May 24, 2010, that he had resigned from the directorship 14 months earlier, on March 24, 2009.On November 15, the commission sent Swamy's representation to the UP CEO, asking him to forward it to the RO. Sultanpur Additional District Magistrate Arvind Kumar Pandey, who was then RO had, however, said he could not admit the complaint because it was filed after the expiry of the permissible time period of one year after the submission of the affidavit. Rahul filed the affidavit on his assets and liabilities on April 4, 2009, while Swamy lodged his complaint on October 31, 2012, more than three years too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17514106", "title": "Enforcement Directorate attaches 884 cr Reddy shares in mining case", "text": "BANGALORE: Jailed former Karnataka minister G Janardhana Reddy's shares worth Rs 884 crore have been attached by the Enforcement Directorate in the Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) case, under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). \"Investigations revealed that OMC illegally mined iron ore valued at Rs 884.13 crore from 2007-10,\" an ED statement said.The proceedings under PMLA were initiated by the directorate following an FIR registered by the CBI's anti-corruption branch, Hyderabad, for offences alleged to have been committed under sections of the IPC, Indian Forest Act, Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act and Prevention of Corruption Act.Subsequently, CBI filed a chargesheet in December 2011 before the special CBI court, Hyderabad, in which the accused, including OMC, were charged for various offences.The proceeds of crime amounting to Rs 884.13 crore in the form of 88,41,30,000 shares of Brahmani Industries Limited (BIL), having a face value of Rs 10 each, held by OMC, have been provisionally attached under provisions of the PMLA, the ED said. BIL and its directors have been directed not to dispose of, transfer, sell, move, lease out or deal with in any similar manner with the plant, machinery, land, equipment, appliances of BIL and not to alter its equity structure.The ED is investigating the case under the PMLA against OMC, Reddy and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515522", "title": "Six bank officials booked for fraud", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR citing charges of cheating and fraud has been lodged against six manager-level officials, including a woman employee of Kotak Mahindra Bank's Sector 14 branch. They allegedly transacted Rs 12 lakh fraudulently from an account holder's account. The case has been registered on the recommendation of the economic offences wing (EOW).Deepak Kumar, a resident of Sector 5, Gurgaon, had lodged a complaint with the city police some days ago. He told police that the manager, sales manager and other officials of Kotak Mahindra Bank's Sector 14 branch had transacted Rs 12 lakh fraudulently from his bank account through a cheque. He had informed the branch manager and other officials about the case, but they didn't take the matter seriously. He also alleged that they had tried to hush up the matter.Police assigned the inquiry of the case to the EOW. In the investigation, the EOW found that the accused had cheated the victim. On the recommendation of the EOW, the Civil Lines police have lodged an FIR against the accused Deepa Khatri, sales manager, Suresh Sharma, assistant acquisition manager and branch managers Jatin, Parveen and David under Sections 420, 467, 468 and 471 of IPC and 66-C/66-D of the Information Technology Act.\"Now the case has been registered against the accused. We are investigating the matter from all angles. The accused will be arrested soon,\" said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (East).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17513760", "title": "Rebel Singur MLA kept waiting yet again", "text": "Singur: Rebel Trinamool MLA from Singur Rabindranath Bhattacharya seems to walk into the sunset. Till Thursday evening, the veteran politician did not receive a formal notice of the assembly session, which begins on Friday. Bhattacharya will stay away from the House unless he gets the notice by post.\"This has never happened before. I used to receive a formal communique from the West Bengal assembly secretariat soon after the governor convened the assembly session,\" the Singur MLA said from his house at Shibarambati on Thursday. This is the second time Bhattacharya has been kept waiting for a government invitation in less than a fortnight. Late last month, he kept waiting for an invitation to Mamata Banerjee's administrative meeting at the Singur block office on November 30. Not only did the government fail to send the invite, even the chief minister avoided any mention of Bhattacharya during her stay in Singur.However, a Trinamool minister clarified: \"In most cases, the notice reaches us days after the session begins. We get to know about the session from the all-party meeting.\"But the explanation was not enough to placate the disgruntled leader. Feeling let down, Bhattacharya reminisced his days in the assembly between 2001 and 2012, when he got the opportunity to interact with politicians like Pankaj Bandyopadhyay and Saugata Roy .\"Pankaj-babu used to respect me a lot. He used to call me mastermoshai and helped me in the assembly proceedings,\" Bhattacharya said. The rebel Trinamool MLA was all praise for Saugata Roy. \"I used to miss him when he got elected to the Lok Sabha. A great orator and a gentleman, Saugata-babu used to teach me the nuances of parliamentary politics. In the assembly, I looked up to him as my mentor,\" Bhattacharya said.The mastermoshai couldn't forget the day when Mamata Banerjee had asked him to speak on the Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Bill during the assembly debate. \"It was a great honour for me. I tried my best to place our arguments in support of the bill. Soon after I concluded the speech, the chief minister appreciated my effort. I told Mamata that I could do that because of her,\" Bhattacharya said.But the rebel MLA parried questions when asked whether he would approach the Trinamool chief urging her to clarify his status in the party. Instead, he took a flight to the past, reliving some of the happy memories during his stint as a minister.\"It was a red-letter day to me when I issued the stop-payment order to Meramec for supplyin substandard seeds,\" Bhattacharya said. The retired teacher also felt that he could do his bit as a minister by ordering an inquiry into the alleged financial irregularities at Bidhan Chandra Krishi Visva Vidyalaya(BCKV).\"I had asked SDO Kalyani to start an inquiry against BCKV vice-chancellor Saroj Sanyal over the alleged irregularities against him. It bore fruits because the vice-chancellor started paying back the money - as much as Rs 4.12 crore - to the government in installments. I had proposed the step and the chief minister had cleared it,\" Bhattacharya said.He also recalled the day when he moved a privilege motion against former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee asking him to come clear on the Singur land policy, a day after Bhattacharjee and his Cabinet minister Abdur Rezzak Mollah gave contradictory statements on the floor of the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17518370", "title": "US-based Equifax buys stake in IT company NettPositive", "text": "BANGALORE: US-based information solutions provider Equifax has acquired controlling stake in Bangalore-based NettPositive firm, which specialises in analytics and business intelligence solutions, for an undisclosed sum.\"The acquisition will enable us to offer high-velocity analytics and business intelligence capabilities to our diverse customers across financial services, insurance, retail and telecom sectors,\" Equifax managing director (emerging markets) Shahid Charania said in a statement from Atlanta (US).Both companies, however, did not divulge acquisition details, including the controlling stake percentage.By integrating the Bangalore firm's domain expertise, Equifax will strengthen its in-country credit reporting capabilities, drive sustainable growth and foray into other emerging markets.\"The combined strength will position us as a leading provider of differentiated data and advanced analytics and deepen our footprint in the Indian market ,\" Equifax vice-president John Hartman noted.The partners also plan to leverage their tie-up to build a multi-bureau solution and custom analytics for the Indian market.\"Equifax's capabilities and large customer base will drive business growth and deepen relationships with our customers,\" NettPositive co-founder Nitin Gupta said.As a global leader in consumer, commercial and workforce information solutions, Equifax provides businesses and consumers with insight and information they can trust.With data on about 500 million consumers and 81 million businesses worldwide, the company uses advanced analytics and proprietary technology to create and deliver customised insights that enrich performance of businesses and lives of consumers.NettPositive is engaged with 25 financial services and retail enterprises across developed and emerging economies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17515124", "title": "Another Cong leader joins BJP", "text": "PALANPUR: Denied a ticket to contest the forthcoming assembly polls in the state, vice-president of Sabarkantha district Congress committee D L Patel joined BJP on Thursday along with his 110 supporters that included nine village sarpanchs.Patel said neglect of the old and sincere workers compelled him and his supporters to leave the Congress and join the ruling party BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17514733", "title": "'Expedite probe into Babri Masjid demolition'", "text": "Mysore: On the 20th anniversary of the demolition of Babri Masjid, Muslims in the city urged the government to expedite the two-decade-old cases related to the demolition. Members of various Muslim organizations met at Rifa-hul Muslimeen Educational Trust on Thursday and resolved to pressure the government to speed up the investigation in the case, initiate action against those involved in the demolition, which hurt the feelings of millions of Muslims. The meeting also decided to ask the government to reconstruct the mosque at the same spot, and to protect dignity and properties of minorities in the country. The meeting was presided over by Darul-Uloom Siddiquia, Arabic College professor Mufti Syed Tajuddin Saheb and it was attended by Muslim leaders Taj Mohammed Khan, K C Shaukath Pasha, Farooq and Mumtaz. Imam Council of Mysore too held a protest meeting at Meelad Park on Ashoka Road, which was attended by nearly 200 Muslim brethren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17513989", "title": "Metro line will glow, ads to rake in cash", "text": "CHENNAI: Driving down Jawaharlal Nehru Road (100 Feet Road) is going to be a visual experience once metro trains start rumbling along the elevated line from Koyambedu to St Thomas Mount. Instead of the drab colour of concrete, the viaduct and piers will be splashed with colourful, illuminated advertisement billboards.Officials of Chennai Metro Rail Ltd , who said the plan is to generate additional revenue, are targeting a sum that will be more than 10% of the money earned from ticket sales. \"We will ensure the boards do not distract motorists,\" a CMRL official said. The official said the billboards would also prevent people from sticking posters on the viaduct's pillars.\"We have started ground work and will soon identify firms to rent out space on the piers to advertisers,\" the official said. \"This will be for all elevated stretches on the line. The billboards should be up by the time the route is operational at the end of next year.\"Officials want the line to be a showpiece for the transit system. \"The Koyambedu-St Thomas Mount corridor will offer people the first glimpse of metro,\" he said. \"We want it to be full-fledged in all aspects.\"A similar model will be tried out along the elevated line from the Chennai airport to Saidapet. The company has floated tenders for licences on the Koyambedu-Ashok Nagar stretch and the Ashok Nagar-Koyambedu stretch.\"This is the norm that metro systems follow across the world,\" the official said. \"We have provisions in the contract to ensure that the licensee does not tamper with the structure.\"Though CMRL will earn most of its revenue from ticket sales, officials of the company also want to make the most of space at stations and viaducts to generate extra revenue. Officials of CMRL are looking at the company's buildings and property as potential money spinners because they are located along prime stretches of Anna Salai, Poonamalee High Road and 100 Feet Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17513809", "title": "Water crisis in No solution to water problem in Darjeeling hits a new low", "text": "Darjeeling: Water shortage has always been a cause of worry for the Hills people and with the much expected Balason project running into trouble, there doesn't seem to be any immediate solution.There is no immediate solution to the water problem in Darjeeling in sight as the much expected Balason project has run into difficulties.\"A new water treatment plant would have to be installed near the river bed to deal with the problem of impure water from the river,\" said chairman of Darjeeling Municipality, Amar Singh Rai.The Balason project, which involved pumping up water from the Balason river to the water reservoirs at Senchal and Sendhap, is expected to mitigate the problem of water shortage in the hill town during the lean season. Because of the acute water shortage in Darjeeling, residents have to pay through their noses to buy water carried up in water tankers. Tourists have to pay more in terms of room rent in hotels which also have to buy water.According to Rai, the way the project had been planned, water was to be pumped up first to Sendhap Lake, where the water treatment plant has been set up. But this has failed to solve the problem of impure water from the river. The municipal authorities have decided to suspend the pumping up of water as this could pollute water in two lakes at Senchal which is collected from jhoras. The public health engineering department has instead suggested that the treatment plant be set up on the river bed.Rai says 90% of the project was ready, including the construction of the third lake at Sendhap. There was delay in obtaining sanction from the Army for laying pipelines through Jalapahar cantonment, but now the clearance is likely to come. Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) authorities are planning to set up another project to bring water to Darjeeling from Sirikhola, where the advantage of gradient would be there. But Sirikhola is far off from Darjeeling town.The municipality, now run by Gorkha Janmukti Morcha , is also laying emphasis on repairing roads in Darjeeling town, garbage clearance and streamlining parking of vehicles. Besides its usual revenue sources, the municipality is now getting some extra funds from GTA, said Rai. A levy on tourists - which he prefers to call an \"initiative\" - of Rs 10 per tourist, irrespective of the duration of stay, will generate more funds.District magistrate Saumitra Mohan said the Centre has sanctioned Rs 59 crore for restoration of the Hill Cart Road at Tindharia. Because of a landslide and caving in of a portion of the road, it is lying closed to traffic between the foothills and Kurseong for the past two years.The NHAI would carry out the job of restoration. The Rohini Road from the foothills to Kurseong has, however, been relaid by GTA and is now in good condition. A toll plaza will also come up to generate funds for its maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "sonepur", "code": "17515054", "title": "Theatres a box-office success, as usual", "text": "SONEPUR: It's not the 'Gai Bazaar' or 'Ghoda Bazaar' or, for that matter, the circus that is attracting most of the visitors to the Sonepur Fair. The mob's rather packing the makeshift halls of the theatres to see the shows (in)famous more for sleaze than anything else.But even a mention of the word 'skin show' had the theatre managers in the denial mode. \"We begin our shows with patriotic songs and 'bhajans'. After group performance, our artistes individually perform decent dance,\" said Madan Mohan Singh, manager of Rimjhim Theatre.In Rimjhim Theatre, the VIP class in the first row has 15 seats selling for Rs 500 each while the ticket for those behind is priced at Rs 100 and further behind at Rs 50. \"Rimjhim is the biggest hit and it's houseful for every three-hour show,\" Singh claimed.Though the theatres are assumed to be patronized mostly by the youngsters, the queues outside the ticket counters could be seen comprising elderly men as well. And some of the patrons come from far-off places.Medicos Randhir Kumar, Mayank Sharma and Amarjeet Kumar, for instance, travelled all the way from Birpur to watch a theatre show on Monday evening. Asked on Tuesday what the show was all about, Randhir said the first part featured a group presentation in which the girls stood in a row on the stage and tapped their feet to the accompaniment of songs like 'Chikni chameli' and 'Oooh la la'. \"It was more like a trailer. Puri film toh baad mein dekhne ko milti hai,\" he said and blushed while refusing to divulge the details despite persuasions.However, Saran DM Vinay Kumar claimed the administration was keeping a tab on the affairs inside the theatre. \"CCTV cameras have been installed in three of the theatres,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516426", "title": "Film frat asks Govt to find missing Ray script", "text": "A day after we broke the story about the original screenplay and storyboards of Satyajit Ray's iconic debut film Pather Panchali missing from the Cinematheque Francaise, the filmmaker's son Sandip, remained incommunicado.\"He (Sandip Ray) is in Chennai at the moment and is not taking calls, even ours,\" said a staff at the Ray household on Bishop Street in Kolkata, adding, \"No family member would want to talk to the media about the unfortunate incident. We have received a lot of calls through the day.\"But even as the Ray family maintained a studied silence, voices of concern were raised by the film and theatre fraternity in India. Theatre veteran Girish Karnad , for instance, felt that the Indian government should take up the issue.\"I think the government should do something about it. It's time they reacted to the news. The government should do its best to locate the storyboard,\" said Girish to TOI.Incidentally, Karnad was recently in news for calling Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore an average playwright. But this time, he was quite vocal with his concern over the lost script of Pather Panchali. In fact, he also suggested a solution.\"You never know Ray may have created a copy of the original and kept it somewhere. We should check if we could get a copy. Perhaps Pune (The archives at the National Film Institute) has one?\" he questioned.While Karnad sounded hopeful of a possible second copy of the missing original script, Satyajit Ray's favourite actor and Dadasaheb Phalke award winner, Padmabhushan Soumitra Chatterjee said that he fears the script may have been stolen.\" Ora sob aanth ghaat bendhei kaaj kore , janen (they know exactly what they are doing). If the script is not available for so many years, it could have been stolen, you never know. We should do something about it. It's a very important document for all students of Indian cinema,\" said the 77-year-old actor.Kolkata-based filmmaker Gautam Ghosh was a little surprised about the issue coming to light after so many years. \"It is an issue we should have acted upon long back. I am not in Kolkata but I was really concerned when I heard the news. I hope we do something, open a dialogue with them (French authorities) to get it back. We should have those documents with us,\" said Ghosh, who is one of the most prominent art-house directors in West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17512823", "title": "Servicing 'conmen' want your scooter", "text": "BICHOLIM: Two persons attempted to steal a two-wheeler from a resident of Bicholim by posing as service persons from the vehicle's showroom on Thursday morning.According to information gathered by TOI, two men, in their thirties, visited Pal (who requested that his first name be kept anonymous) at his residence at Shantaram Nagar, Bordem-Bicholim.The two men told Pal that his two wheeler was due for servicing and needed to be taken to the showroom. They told him to hand over the vehicle's keys and they would return the two wheeler after its servicing was complete. Pal asked the two to produce identity proofs, to which they replied that they did not have it with them at that moment. Pal became more suspicious and he asked the two persons to wait a while so that he could click their photographs. The duo agreed to this. When Pal went inside his house to get the camera, the two fled. Pal did not lodge a police complaint but decided to spread alertness about the conmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517502", "title": "My visit to Iraq: An unforgettable experience", "text": "\"Where do you want to go, sir?\" cab driver asked me in English, with an Arabic accent. \"Take me to the Dubai International Airport, terminal 3, please,\" I responded showing my ignorance. \"Where are you going, sir?\" he asked me again. \"Iraq\", I plainly responded, praying that he should not ask me anymore questions. \"It is a dangerous country. Please be careful and return safely and alive\", he said with a broad smile on his face and almost teasing me.This is not the first time that I was traveling to Iraq. I traveled to Baghdad for around three times in last two years. I came face-to-face with death during my last visit when a misfired missile landed just behind the office I was sitting in. The sound and impact was unbelievable. I could not hear anything for around three minutes and it took almost one hour for me to start talking. While I was lucky to survive that attack, three of the workers died in that inhuman attack. \"Why am I here and what the hell am I doing in such a dangerous place? Just to earn more money?\" this thought crossed my mind during those three minutes of recovery from that attack. \"I am not going to travel here anymore\", I decided then.On the eve of that attack, I recollect that I went for dinner in our company's dining area; I was just amazed to see every one laughing, chatting loudly, singing and just having a good time. There was no remembrance of the attack, which had happened just around five hours back. Was that the spirit of the employees or was it everyone's commitment to earn more money for their family and themselves? I still search for an answer.Anyway, I continued my drive in that cab to the Dubai International Airport by being absolutely quite. \"Sir, where are you going in Iraq?\" cab driver asked me while taking right turn on WAFI city flyover. \"Erbil\", I responded. \"Oh! That is a very nice city, sir. It is very safe. Now I understand why you look so happy\", driver gave me more information. I was wondering from which angle he was looking at me to find me happy and not nervous, which actually I was. I stayed committed to my silence and conserved my energy by not reacting.This was my fourth visit to Iraq but unlike last three times, this was my first visit to the Erbil city. The city is governed by the Kurdistan regional government and I heard that it is the safest and an advanced city in Iraq. Though I was very looking forward for my trip, somewhere, I was also a bit nervous.The Emirates flight was hovering around the Erbil and was just about to land. But, captain announced that controlling tower has asked that flight cannot land now. The reason given was that \"there is an animal on the runway\". How many times did you hear this kind of reason? Nevertheless, my flight eventually landed. The airport was crowded but well-organized. It took me around more than an hour to get through the immigration procedure. One of the reasons for this delay was because every visitor had to give their fingerprints.I went to the luggage belt number 2, which was indicating my flight, Dubai. After waiting for almost 45 minutes, waiting for my luggage to show up, I went to the airport office to inquire. \"Sir, look at the other belt\", he said while continuing to talk on his iPhone. I surrendered to him and went straight to the belt number 1, which was indicating \"Frankfurt\" flight. Unbelievable it was, but I spotted my bag on the belt which was supposed to carry luggage from Frankfurt and not from where I came from, Dubai.Of course, my visit did not start on the right note. In Erbil, I stayed in the US consulate compound for five days. The weather was beautiful, very cold, yet enjoyable. From the villa that I was staying in, I could see a long range of mountain. It gives you the feeling that this place must be just beautiful and scenic. During those five days of stay, I had the opportunity to gather more information about this beautiful region and spoke to many local people about this place. The more I started knowing about this, the more I was amazed and inquisitive. Isn't just unbelievable to believe that this place is very safe, with no violence since past three years and the moment you step out of the borders of Kurdistan, you can expect anything to happen?You may be surprised when I say that I met a couple from Europe, who was visiting Erbil for their vacation. Who can imagine that there is a place in Iraq, where you can plan your vacation?I thought that it will be worth sharing my experience and information that I gathered about this place.Erbil is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world and urban life at Erbil can be dated back to at least 6000 BC. It is largely populated by Kurds but has a small minority of Assyrians. A part of the Iraqi Kurdistan , Erbil is a rich agricultural region and boasts some of the most ancient tourism sites in Iraq, along with beautiful mountains and waterfalls.I may be wrong in my inference here, but we Indians, overall, are not believed to be adventurous in exploring difficult and different parts of the world. But, I have decided to plan a short holiday in Iraq, to visit this beautiful city of Erbil, once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513077", "title": "Varsity staff continue strike, talks fail", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh University Employees Association (MPUEA) continued their strike after talks with Higher Education department failed on Thursday.According to MPUEA's secretary, Avinash Burbure, the department was not serious on the issues during the talk. \"Again, the department called the meeting without taking it seriously,\" Burbure said.He claimed that the Barkatullah University Teachers' Association (BUTA) has also joined their strike. \"They will join our strike from tomorrow. There will be no classes in the university's teaching department,\" Burbure said.Besides employees association, the state university officers association has announced indefinite strike from December 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17515578", "title": "Vigilance Awareness Week observed by NCC", "text": "KANPUR: Vigilance Awareness Week was observed by UP Girls Battalion NCC on behalf of NCC Group Headquarter on Wednesday.A total of 100 NCC cadets took part in Vigilance Awareness Rally carried out at Combined Annual Training Camp of 17 UP Girls Battalion at Meherban Singh Ka Purwa, Mohanpurman.Cadets participated in the rally chanting slogans in and around the nearby villages of Mohanpuram and effectively communicating the message about the importance of voting rights, consumer rights and human rights.All the cadets took a pledge to remain vigilant and work towards the growth and reputation of the organisation. The rally was flagged off by Commanding Officer of 17 UP Girls Battalion NCC, Colonel RK Chahar. Capt Akansha Pandey, Subedar Major Kuldeep Raj, Havaldar Sunil, Havaldar Manjinder, Pratima Yadav and Neetu Gaur were also present in the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513240", "title": "Absence of basic amenities deprive Mahotsav of glory", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lakhs of rupees have been spent to raise infrastructure for the Lucknow Mahotsava and crores of rupees have been earned through sale of entry tickets. But not a single penny has been used to provide basic amenities to the visitors, stall owners and artisans who stay there. The arrangements for toilets and drinking water are below expectation.A three-sided cubicle made of tin tucked with logs is what the organising committee has given in the name of a toilet. Only a couple of them have a rectangular piece of ply board serving as a door. The flush is there in the urinals and toilets but no arrangement of water supply has been made. Women who have come along with the artisans or those who work as sales women at other stalls are the worst sufferers. \"We have been forced to attend nature's call in the open. Most of us go in groups to avoid embarrassment,\" said a woman.And even if there were doors, the toilets aren't usable at all. \"The doors are jammed and using them guarantees infectious diseases,\" said a stall owner. Another added that the toilets became useless a day after inauguration. \"The stalls were ready on the day of inauguration. But the morning after, so many people have used them that they cannot be used by anyone,\" he stated.P K Srivastava scientist at Central Drug Research Institute who stays at the science stall set up by the council of science and technology, informs that the basic design of the mahotsava venue is flawed. \"The organising committee was surely aware of the expected footfall. But they did not link the toilet drains with the nearby sewer line, so they overflow,\" he said, adding, \"I have seen how western countries tackle the problem. They have the concept of mobile toilets which is linked to the nearest sewer line to check choking.\"There is also a crisis of drinking water at the mahotsav venue. Though tankers from the Jal Nigam have been provided, one cannot be sure if the water is potable. Most visitors either carry water bottles from home or buy them from the food stalls. \"How can anyone drink water from the tankers? I remember how earthen pots containing drinking water were placed along the food stalls in the Lucknow Mahotsav when it was held at the Lakshman Mela ground. Those pots have vanished,\" said a visitor Shyama Shukla.The water tankers are in fact creating problems for the visitors giving rise to several huge marshy spots. \"One has to be very careful about these spots which are less visible in the evening hours. Many people slip and get hurt and their clothes get soiled too,\" said a police constable on duty.When asked to comment, RS Yadav secretary of the organising committee, claimed no such problem existed. \"We get the mahotsav venue cleaned thrice a day.\" However, he said that since the venue was too big, it was difficult to cover each and every corner of it. \"Still, we would look into the problem areas as soon as possible,\" he claimed. He denied that there was any drinking water crisis as well. \"I was there in my office the entire day but no one complained of this,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17513834", "title": "Prisoners receive new shirts, trousers, More than happy to do away with shorts", "text": "COIMBATORE: As part of the government initiative, to change the dress code of prisoners, new sets of full length trousers and shirts have been distributed to 200 convicts in Coimbatore central prison. The prison authorities have planned to distribute the uniforms to 600 convicts within a month.\"The prisoners were happy after they received the new sets of uniforms. As many as 50 convicts are stitching uniforms to be distributed in state prisons including Puzhal, Salem, Madurai and Vellore central prisons,\" said prison superintendent S Rajendran.He also added that the previous inmates were ashamed to appear before visiting relatives wearing shorts. Now they are more comfortable.The Coimbatore central prison has power loom units and stitching units. On January 27, 2012, the state government had issued a G.O (Ms) No.115, Home (prison-III) department and ordered modification of the uniform of convict prisoners from shorts to trousers at the cost of Rs 5.85 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17513561", "title": "AIE passengers to be served Kerala food", "text": "MALAPPURAM: As a New Year gift to Malayali passengers, all Air India Express flights from three international airports in the state will serve Kerala delicacies on board, from January onwards.The plan, aimed at wooing more passengers, is to serve sadya with sambar and three or four vegetarian dishes, idli and dosa with sambar, puttu with kadala curry, local varieties of appams such as vellayappam, kallappam, noolappam, idiyappam, different varieties of thattu dosas, different local varieties of biriyani etc. More items would be added to the menu in the coming days.The local delicacies that are to be served in the flights were selected after a long procedure. A Delhi based catering firm, which decides menu in Air India flights, presented local varieties of Indian food in Kochi weeks ago and the representatives of Air India selected Kerala dishes from them.\"Food has an important role in creating strong bond between guest and host, so we decided to introduce more localized menu in flights,\" said a senior Air India source at Kochi. \"At present, majority of airlines including Air India Express serve continental and western menu in flights and those who would like to have Malabar or Thiruvananthapuram varieties of food items have no option,\" he said.The move to introduce the Kerala menu in international flights from state is the result of an informal suggestion by Union minister of civil aviation K C Venugopal. Now the move has gained momentum after the warm response to the Kerala menu which was introduced in domestic flights of the airlines recently.\"We have introduced the menu, which is almost similar to be introduced in our Express flights, in our domestic flights from December 2 onwards and the response from the passengers is very positive and also encouraging,\" said source.##Malappuram: As a New Year gift to Malayali passengers, all the Air India Express flights will serve Kerala's favourite local food items including Sadya, Puttu and Kadala curry(chick peas), Iddali and Sambar, Thattu Dosa etc to its passengers, January 2013 onwardsThe aim of the fresh initiative of Air India providing local delicacies in its international flights from three international airports at Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode is nothing but to woo more passengers.Air India planning to serve Sadya with Sambar curry and three or four vegetarian items with it, Iddali and Dosa with Sambar curry, Puttu which goes well with Kadala Curry, local varieties of Appams such as Vellayappam, Kallappam, Noolappam, Idiyappam, different varieties of Thattudosas, different local varieties of Biriyani etc to the passengers. More items would be added to the menu in the coming days.The local delicacies that are to be served in the flights were selected after a long procedure. A Delhi based catering firm which already deciding menu in Air Indian flights presented their local varieties of Indian food in Kochi weeks ago and the representatives of Air India selected favourite food items of Malayalis among them.Food has important role in creating strong bond in-between guest and host, so we decided to introduce more localised menu in flights, said a senior Air India source at Kochi. 'At present, majority of Air Lines including Air India Express serving continental and western food items in flights and those who would like to have Malabar or Thiruvananthapuram varieties of food items have no option ', he said adding that some of the Air India Express flights are currently offering menu with Ghee Rice, but it cannot be considered as a Kerala menu.The move to introduce the Kerala menu in international flights from state was started with an informal suggestion of Union Minister of Civil Aviation K C Venugopal. Now the move has gained momentum after the warm response to the Kerala menu which was introduced in domestic flights of the airlines days ago. 'We have introduced the menu which is almost similar to be introduced in our Express flights, in our domestic flights from December 2 onwards and the response from the passengers is very positive and also surprising', said source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17514957", "title": "Now, 26-yr-old married woman missing", "text": "JAIPUR: A 26-year-old woman has gone missing from Karni Vihar locality since Tuesday while she had gone for a morning walk, but the police were yet to trace her. The development comes on the heels of the death of 9-year-old girl Naina who had gone missing since a week, raising questions about the role of police and their efficiency in tracking down such cases.The woman identified as Priyanka Patel (26), resident of Chandra Vihar locality, had gone for morning walk but did not return. Her worried family members initially contacted the relatives and tried to find her in the neighbourhood and later approached the Karni Vihar police station.\"Almost 48 hours have passed and the police are saying that they are trying to find my wife. I have not received any ransom call to consider it as a case of kidnap. Though they (police) are talking to me in friendly manner, I expect them to locate my wife as soon as possible,\" said Dinesh Patel, her worried husband while talking to TOI on Thursday.\"She had started doing morning walk some three days ago,\" Patel added.He said that he has lodged a missing complaint and has given a passport size photograph of his wife.\"We have also visited nearby hospitals to check if she met with any accident,\" said Patel.Meanwhile, officers with the Karni Vihar police station claimed that they have intensified patrolling and have sent photograph of the missing woman to nearby police stations.\"We have done everything to trace her. Since she was not carrying any cellphone and the family haven't not mentioned anyone suspected to be behind the kidnap, it is a bit difficult to trace her. Despite that we believe, we will trace her soon,\" said an officer.ss", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17518541", "title": "India faces physical encounter in semifinal against Australia", "text": "MELBOURNE: Injuries are India's biggest headache as they prepare to take on four-time defending champions Australia in what promises to be a draining semifinal encounter of the Champions Trophy on Saturday.Two Indian players will carry their injuries into the match against the Australians.Captain Sardar Singh and midfielder Manpreet Singh have gamely carried on playing as necessitated by the call of duty despite severe limitations caused by the injuries sustained during the ongoing tournament.They will again be out in the field as India try to stop Australia's title-winning sequence in the Champions Trophy.Australia have a phenomenal record, winning four successive titles since losing the 2007 final to Germany.In the hunt for their fifth successive Champions Trophy, Australia have fielded a very strong outfit and are looking to get into the big-scoring act that they have so far failed to produce in this tournament.Australia have been content with narrow victories in earlier games, and it was their defence that played a crucial role -- conceding just two goals in four matches.But they enjoyed good domination against England on way to the 2-0 victory in the quarterfinals. India, seeking to add to their lone Champions Trophy bronze medal of 1982, also banked on their defence in the quarterfinal against Belgium.The semifinal against Australia is expected to be a tough game physically, and coach Michael Nobbs on Friday took the team for a training session to iron out the problems with the forwards in the 1-0 win over Belgium.\"Our defenders were simply brilliant, but the forwards did not handle the ball well in the quarterfinals. These forwards have not been doing this in earlier games, so it probably seems to be a question of being out of position. We've worked on that today,\" said Nobbs.Nobbs said he was pleased with the team's show in the Champions Trophy, which India entered by virtue of a wild-card despite finishing last in the 12-nation Olympic Games hockey competition.\"Making the Champions Trophy semifinals has been wonderful after some disappointing results recently,\" said coach Nobbs, bringing into context India's disappointing show in the Olympics.Nobbs complimented the Indian defence for standing its ground to carry India into the semifinals.India defenders VR Raghunath and Rupinder Pal Singh played a crucial role in keeping India afloat and held on to the early lead despite the strikers losing he ball easily and putting the defence under pressure.These two defenders and goalkeeper TR Potunuri will have to reproduce the same form if India is to entertain hopes of getting past hosts Australia. Sardar has also been playing a withdrawn role, and is expected to do so again tomorrow.\"We have a problem with injuries, but the team needs to take that in its stride. Look at the way Sardar and Manpreet have continued to play by overcoming the pain,\" said Nobbs, adding that he took a calculated risk with striker SV Sunil, who will have no further role to play after aggravating his hamstring injury.Nobbs said he took a chance in fielding right-wing striker Sunil in the quarterfinals, but Sunil could only play a limited role and the hamstring injury will now need recuperative rest of six weeks.Australia's coach Graham Reid said his team was starting to peak despite scoring few goals in the preliminary league games.\"One of our objectives was to get better with each game. I think we played pretty well last night against England,\" said Reid, who has been given charge of the bench for the Champions Trophy by chief coach Ric Charlesworth .In the other semifinal, Pakistan is hoping to test the ability of the Netherlands defence.Netherlands are going for their third straight Champions Trophy medal after being assured of a top-four finish for the 25th consecutive time in the elite annual event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517376", "title": "Naugthy satire on Pawan Kalyan", "text": "Like many of us Star comedian MS Narayana too is a big admirer and great fan of Powerstar Pawan Kalyan. He knows him from the days before Pawan turned an actor and he always believed that Pawan Kalyan will become a huge star. Pawan used to be friendly with him and has great regards towards MS.Later on Pawan Kalyan went on to become a big superstar and MS Narayana too acted alongside him. MS loves to work with Pawan Kalyan as he is a bundle of talent who has command over each and every aspect of filmmaking. However, MS Narayana feels that Pawan Kalyan should be accessible to everyone because he is unreachable for film celebrities even.\"Earlier I used to meet him directly but now I have to buy a ticket and watch his film if I wanted to see him\", MS Narayana jocularly said in an interview. This is a funny satire on Pawan Kalyan's accessible status. Even Megastar complains about this as he couldn't meet Pawan Kalyan other than in family functions. Of course Powerstar should be given his personal space but he also needs to be in touch with his admirers and other film celebs who always love to share some quality time with him. Is Pawan Kalyan listening?Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17515617", "title": "Varanasi marks 56th anniversary of Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar", "text": "VARANASI: To mark the 56th death anniversary of Baba Saheb Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar, a seminar was organised at Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) on Thursday.Speaking on the occasion, president of DLW SC/ST Association, Sanjay Kumar Anand and general secretary, Sardar Singh highlighted the philosophy of Ambedkar. Principal of Inter College, Dr RC Srivastava spoke about Ambedkar's thought regarding social equality and justice. The seminar was also addressed by Ravindra Prasad, Sagram Bhashkar and others.Meanwhile, the SC/ST Employees Welfare Association, Banaras Hindu University organised a programme to pat tributes to Baba Saheb Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar at Ravindrapuri on the eve of the 56th death anniversary on Wednesday. Addressing the programme, president of the organisation Dr Kesheo Prasad highlighted the personality and life of Ambedkar, and urged people to follow the path shown by him.Speaking on the occasion, general secretary, Indu Choudhary made an appeal to people for raising voice in protest against any kind of harassment. She alleged that rights of SC/ST people are being violated in BHU. The matter has been brought into the notice of the chairman of National SC Commission who has summoned the BHU vice-chancellor for hearing, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17513102", "title": "Man killed on e-way after truck rams into another", "text": "NOIDA: A 25-year-old man was killed in an accident on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway early on Thursday morning. The accident, which killed the driver, took place when the truck in front of the victim's truck suddenly applied brakes and they crashed into each other, said police.Police said the accident occurred on the Expressway near the Sector 128 cut in Noida. Police have confirmed that the erring driver fled the scene of the accident while the victim died immediately. Cops said that they have not been able to ascertain the exact cause of the accident. \"We know that the truck in front pulled emergency brakes, but we don't know why yet,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17514430", "title": "CCTVs, webcams to curb malpractice at Manipal University entrance tests", "text": "MANIPAL: Manipal University has left no stone unturned to ensure that the Online Entrance Test for admission to various courses offered by the varsity is malpractice free. The varsity will install web cameras, CCTV cameras and biometric systems in all examination centres.The entrance test will be held in 50 centres across the country between April 15 and May 15 2013. It will be held in three batches in all days - 8am, noon and 4pm.\"There will be 50 computers in all the test centres. We have taken all measures to prevent malpractices,\" said Chetana Bekal, management executive, admissions of Manipal University.\"Students have to take print out of e-hall tickets after submitting their application forms. Before the commencement of OET, left hand finger prints of all candidates will be collected using biometric mechanism. The finger prints will be scanned again at the time of admissions to ensure that there are no malpractices,\" she said.All the computers at the OET centres will be connected to a server at the university and officials from the university will monitor the candidates via cameras. More than a dozen of university officials will be deployed in each centre. In 2011, about 95,000 students appeared for the entrance test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517884", "title": "Pawan Kalyan's powerful stature", "text": "Discard his film as a flop...producers and distributors will yet be safe. When you offer him an average subject...you will get a hit result. No need to explain on what kind of wonders he can make with a hit talk generated on first day of release. Industry and audience go to theatres just and just believing in his name. Such is the Power in the name of pawan kalyan.When media and critics wiped off 'Cameraman Gangatho Ram Babu' as good for nothing, movie ran through a big controversy. Today, it is an achievement on the name of pawan kalyan that 'CGR' completed 50 days of run in nearly 70+ centers. It was not at all an easy task for Puri Jagannath to deal the mountaneous image of Pawan post 'Gabbar Singh.' However, he came up with a second grade flick but Fans gave him a first rated result as collections show the stamina and truth behind Power Star's Powerful Stature.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17514017", "title": "Madras high court lets state to keep CBSE students off sports events", "text": "CHENNAI: Enabling the state school education authorities to prevent CBSE students from participating in sports events organized by the department, the Madras high court has vacated the interim stay on a government order which restricted the sports events only to state board students.In a circular issued on May 11, 2009, the CBSE said that only schools affiliated to it can participate in its inter-school sports and games competitions. Hitting back, the Tamil Nadu school education department issued an order in 2010, saying CBSE students would not be permitted to participate in its sports events. A batch of petitions was filed by CBSE students who questioned the order.After the high court suggested that the authorities form an expert committee and discuss with all stake-holders and take an appropriate decision, the state education department reaffirmed its stand and said CBSE students had other avenues to display their expertise, but barring state board students from CBSE events would adversely affect the their educational prospects.A fresh round of litigation started when some CBSE students filed another petition saying that since gymnastics was not part of CBSE events, they should be allowed to participate in gymnastics tournaments being organized by the state school education department.While admitting this petition a few months ago, the high court had stayed the operation of the order keeping CBSE students out of state board events. The special government pleader (education) P Sanjai Gandhi filed a petition to vacate the stay, saying it would adversely affect state board students as CBSE students would have an unfair advantage of competing in events organized by both the CBSE and the state board.Additional advocate general P H Aravindh Pandian, denying any discrimination against CBSE students, said they should approach the CBSE to include gymnastics in their sports events. Justice D Hariparanthaman, concurring with the submissions, vacated the stay on the government order saying, \"If the petitioners have a grievance that the CBSE sports events do not include gymnastics, they should make a request to CBSE to include the same.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17515016", "title": "Saying \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcI Do\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 the opulent Way", "text": "Opulence is the catchword in Ludhiana and what better occasion to showcase it than a wedding? No wonder the Manchester of India is known for its big fat weddings. Every year adds novelty to Ludianvis' Big Day, rendered memorable with wedding pullouts, gold plated crockery, shoes according to horoscope, exotic flowers from Thailand, LED screens and live performances by sufi singers and rappers. Saif and Kareena have now given the fashionista appeal to the age old tradition of wearing ancestral jewellery.A wedding planner and DJ from Pakhowal Road said the trend of wedding pullouts has clicked with Ludhianvis and their guests. Reports on relatives and friends of the newly wedded couple are printed on glossy paper embellished with photographs. The pullouts are distributed among the guests the next morning.Through with the cliched bling, Ludhianvis are exploring new ways of giving the ceremony an ambience to remember. Exactly what kind of ambience they want depends on their individual taste, but the city has the means to cater to a variety of preferences. LED screens and life-sized 3d pictures of the couple are a rage.Where performances are concerned, Bollywood mania is giving way to soothing Sufi music. The well endowed invite singers of the likes of Arif Lohar and Rabbi Shergill. Singers like Kavita Paudwal have been invited to shagun, cocktail and bachelors parties. Rapper Yo Yo Honey Singh, Mika and Ayushman Khurana of Vicky Donor fame are also part of the wedding circuit.NRIs have a penchant for theme decor and boutique weddings. Such arrangements are marked by heavy use of flowers imported from south east Asian countries. Catering companies are generally from metros like Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore. The taste of the cuisine is greatly enhanced by the beautiful crockery, often gold plated. Sea food stalls are a major attraction for non vegetarians. Women bartenders from Russia are called to serve drinks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514042", "title": "Doctor runs over 5, 1 dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: An allegedly inebriated city doctor ran his Swift over five men, who were on two motorcycles, killing one of them and injuring the others, police said Thursday. The incident was reported from Dabri during early hours.Ashwani Kumar, who has a clinic in Hari Nagar, was arrested on charges of rash driving and causing hurt and death due to negligence under Section 304A of IPC. He said in his statement that he accidentally stepped on the accelerator instead of the brakes. He was later released on bail.\"Kumar's medical examination was conducted at Safdarjung Hospital. Smell of alcohol was noted but his reports are yet to arrive,\" a senior police officer said.The deceased has been identified as Gauri Shankar Jha (40). The injured include Jha's friend Ajit Kumar, Dharam Prakash, a mechanic, and Dinesh and Lekhraj who were riding another motorcycle. Jha worked in a transport company in Naraina and lived with his family in a rented accommodation in Dabri's Arjun Park.The mishap occurred near Vijay Enclave traffic signal in Dabri about 8.30 pm. Jha was heading home with Ajit but had stopped midway after the tyre of his bike got punctured. They had called mechanic Prakash to carry out repairs. As they were fixing the puncture, the Swift arrived at a high speed and rammed into them. The car did not stop there and crashed into another bike coming from the opposite direction. It then hit a culvert and came to a standstill.The injured were rushed to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital where Jha was declared dead. Ajit was shifted to a private hospital in Shalimar Bagh. Police said they have impounded all the vehicles involved.Early on Tuesday, the driver of a Toyota Fortuner rammed his SUV into a divider in central Delhi after allegedly losing control over the vehicle which was at high speed. The driver was killed instantaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17513255", "title": "Vijayvargiya responsible for increasing crimes: Digvijay Singh", "text": "INDORE: Senior Congress leader and former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Digvijay Singh on Thursday held Industry Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya responsible for the rising crimes in Indore. He was talking to the media after paying tributes to the father of Indian constitution Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar here on Thursday.Talking about the deteriorating law and order situation in the city, the Congress party leader said the cops are being pressurized by the BJP leaders not to take action against the perpetrators of the crime. Singh further said that the supporters of BJP local leaders are being patronized by some leaders.\"Kailash Vijayvargiya hails from Indore and he is holding an important ministry in Madhya Pradesh, so the responsibility of checking the crime rate lies with him.\"He attributed the cause for increase in the crime rate to the skyrocketing real estate prices.As regard to the growing crime in Madhya Pradesh, former chief minister held the present BJP chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan responsible.Reacting to Digvijay Singh's comment, Kailash Vijayvargiya said the Congress Party has kept for his nuisance value. \"He is not taken seriously,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517798", "title": "Veena Malik poses in bathtub for new photoshoot", "text": "Pakistani actress Veena Malik is in news yet again for a raunchy photo shoot in a bathtub titled 'Dry Clean'.The former 'Bigg Boss Season 4' contestant is seen wearing nothing but a white layer of soap foam in the risque pictures.She had recently made headlines for her leaked MMS clip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513342", "title": "Dalit officers demand quota in promotion", "text": "LUCKNOW: While paying tributes to Bhimrao Ambedkar on his 56{+t}{+h} death anniversary, dalit officers of Uttar Pradesh on Thursday demanded that the provision of reservation in promotion be restored in the state.The officers, under the aegis of UP Officers Association, convened a meeting at the field hostel of UP Power Corporation Limited.Speaking on the occasion, president of the association, KB Ram said that it is the duty of one and all to see that the principles of Ambedkar are adhered to. \"Reservation to dalits is one provision that should always be remembered,\" Ram said.He, however, said that the provision is under cloud with the Centre not taking adequate steps to get the Reservation in Promotion Bill passed in the Lok Sabha.Meanwhile, the Rashtriya Lok Dal leaders in the state too paid tributes to Ambedkar on his death anniversary, and organised a seminar on the social and political attributes of Ambedkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514748", "title": "Power work reduced to mere papertiger", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Besides the issue of non functional streetlights, which has been raging on for the past few months, the electricity committee of the MC now has an unflattering report by the engineering wing of the civic body to deal with.According to the report, around 78% of electricity related works passed in the last two monthly electricity committee meetings have been confined to paperwork. The committee passed 18 agenda items related to the installation of lights on both the main and internal roads and in parking lots, shifting of electricity poles, maintenance of lights in prominent gardens and other electricity works across the city. But of these, work on only four has been allotted.Committee member Sat Parkash Aggarwal said, \"Working of the electricity wing is not satisfactory and their claims also appear to be fictitious. We have people constantly complaining about non-functional street lights in their areas. Officials of the electricity wing come in the meeting with lame excuses.\"Two months back, officials of the engineering wing claimed that they would repair more than 90% of lights by Diwali. Councillors raised the issue in the house meeting. Some said officials are only talking about the northern part but the southern part and Manimajra are worst affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17518021", "title": "Dhoni's behaviour with Dar unacceptable: Inzamam, Moin", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's former captains Moin Khan and Inzamam-ul-Haq have criticised Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni for arguing with umpire Aleem Dar during the ongoing Test series against England, saying his behaviour was \"unacceptable\" and the ICC should have taken him to task.\"I am not at all surprised that the ICC has not reacted to the way Dhoni engaged in an argument with Aleem Dar during the series as the ICC can't afford to upset the powerful Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI),\" Moin said.\"...the way Dhoni questioned Aleem Dar's umpiring and argued with him it is unacceptable,\" he added.Moin said since the BCCI was financially very strong and influential in world cricket, the ICC did not reprimand Dhoni.Dar was also criticised by former Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne in one of his tweets and described as a poor umpire for a bad decision he gave during the series.Dar has reacted to Warne's tweet by telling a Pakistani channel that he was doing his job and Warne was doing his in his new role as a television commentator.Moin said the ICC needs to ensure that a uniform set of rules applied for all Test nations.\"Dhoni has in the past also argued with umpires and got away with it,\" he noted.Inzamam advised the Indian captain to stop blaming the umpiring for his team's struggling form in the ongoing series.\"I think Dhoni is a very experienced captain and player and he needs to focus on areas where his team is going wrong against England. He needs to speak to his players about their weak points in the series,\" Inzamam said.The former batsman said that if the ICC had a clear policy on the matter, it must be followed rigorously for all captains.\"I myself have been penalised for questioning umpires decisions and here Dhoni did it openly and argued with Dar and yet no punitive action has been taken against him.\"The former captain credited his teammate and former leg-spinner Mushtaq Ahmad for playing a key role in England's reversal of form in India.\"I think Mushie has a big role to play in the way the English spinners have bowled in the Tests and the way the visiting batsmen are tackling the Indian slow bowlers. Mushie has worked for a long time with the English team as their spin consultant and now this move is paying dividends for the England team,\" he said.Inzamam believed that the present England team had learnt from their drubbing at the hands of Pakistan earlier this year in the United Arab Emirates.\"They have improved their skills against the spinners and on these pitches they believe they can win the series.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17515168", "title": "'Set up free health camps'", "text": "RAIPUR: In a state-level meet of women and child welfare department at the directorate on Thursday, director Umesh Agrawal asked the concerned officials to set up a free health camp in all the places where the women empowerment programme is being conducted.The programme which is underway across the state focuses on women, girls and children below six years of age. Progress under the programme was also discussed in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17515083", "title": "Double whammy for Chhath tragedy victims' kin", "text": "PATNA: It was a double whammy for the next of kin of those who died in the stampede during Chhath festival in the Adalat Ghat lane on November 19.They not only lost their near and dear ones but also felt cheated by the district administration as the cheque of Rs2 lakh given as compensation to them were not honoured by their respective banks. Reason: the signature of Nazarat deputy collector (NDC), Patna, did not match.Ritlal Das of Ambedkar Colony in East Lohanipur locality, who lost his 13-year-old daughter Suman Kumari in the stampede, showed the cheque in his name which he had deposited in his account in Allahabad Bank , Rajendra Nagar branch, but the bank refused to honour it. The cheque of SBI , Patna main branch, signed by the NDC, Patna, and countersigned by the head clerk of district Nazarat branch, Patna, was returned to him stating that drawer's signature differed.Similar complaint was made by Sanjay Das of the same locality. He lost his wife Manika Devi and 11-year-old son Manish in the same stampede. The two cheques of Rs2 lakh each given to him were dishonoured by the bank on the same ground.CM Nitish Kumar had announced an ex-gratia of Rs2 lakh, besides Rs1.5 lakh from disaster management and Rs50,000 from CM Relief Fund, to the next of the kin of each dead and the cheques were issued to the bereaved families on November 20. Many people were still keeping the cheques with them for they have no bank account.Ritlal, Sanjay and others on Thursday approached Patna DM Sanjay Kumar at his weekly Janata darbar and showed him the cheques with the bank's memo. The DM summoned the NDC and asked him to dispose of the matter immediately. He also asked those getting the compensation to open a bank account and deposit the newly issued cheques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515470", "title": "Excise collection tops Rs 11k cr, 12% up from last year", "text": "GURGAON: At a time when general growth figures in Haryana are in the pits, the state's excise revenue, like every other year, continues to rise. During the current financial year, up to the month of October, the department has managed to accrue more than Rs 11,300 crore, registering a double-digit growth from the previous year.\"The revenue collected this year was to the tune of Rs 11,368.80 crore. And last year, during the same period, the money collected was Rs 10,105.16 crore. This year's figures are 12.05% higher than last year's,\" said an official of the excise and taxation department.More than 8,159 crore has been collected from the state in the form of value added tax (VAT,) which is 17% more than the amount collected in the bygone financial year. \"Similarly, central sales tax collected this year was around Rs 9,059 crore,\" the official added.Entertainment duty is among the segments recording the highest increases calculated this year, with the collected amount being over 30% more than what came in the previous year. \"Around Rs 30.9 crore was paid as entertainment tax this year,\" the official said.Apart from this, passenger and goods tax this year was around Rs 265 crore, and land area development tax more than Rs 17 crore, which is 46% more from last year's figures, the highest percentage increase in all categories.\"We are hoping that the final revenue figures, which will be recorded at the end of this financial year, will be as promising. The tax collection numbers look poised to reach their annual target,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514028", "title": "Crackdown order on building norm violators", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has pulled up the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) and Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) for failing to curb violation of building regulations in the city.Initially, the housing and urban development department (H&UD;) has asked the two agencies to make a survey in Sailashree Vihar and Niladri Vihar areas following allegations that some roadside residential buildings are being illegally used for commercial purpose. \"There is allegation of misuse of land in Phase-I of Niladri Vihar and some parts of Salashree Vihar,\" said a senior H&UD; officer. \"Some of the houses have encroached upon public road,\" he added.In may be mentioned here that though the BDA had recently conducted a survey in residential areas in Jayadev Vihar and found commercial activities thriving there, no action was taken. The survey revealed that most of the houses flouted Odisha Development Authority Act and constructed structures beyond the permissible limit specified in the original building plan. Many people have converted their houses into office premises and shopping centres.\"The BDA should crack the whip on violators for deviating from the original architectural plan. BMC officials need to cancel their trade or business licences,\" said Piyush Rout, an urban management practitioner. Change in land use pattern is taking a toll on infrastructure like sewerage, drainage, power supply and solid waste management in the area, he said.BDA officers said they are sending notices to offenders, but could not explain whether any stringent action was ever taken against anyone. \"If violators do not comply with guidelines, we will take legal action against them. Their houses can be demolished,\" said a BDA officer. \"There is also provision in Odisha Development Authority Act, 1982, that we can cancel their allotment of residential plot if they are found using the land for commercial purpose,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517181", "title": "Prabhu Deva's next is titled Ramaiya Vastavaiya", "text": "Prabhu Deva's next Bollywood film is titled Ramaiya Vastavaiya, which is the remake of Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana starring Siddharth and Trisha. The film has Kumar Taurani's son Girish Kumar making his Bollywood debubt and will be sharing screen space with Shruti Haasan. Incidentally, Ramaiya Vastavaiya is a catcy line from the famous song from Raj Kapoor and Nargis starrer Shri 420.Prabhu Deva, who himself directed Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana, has become a hot shot director in Bollywood. His earlier projects like Wanted starring Salman Khan and Rowdy Rathore Akshay Kumar were super hits. And the director is using this appealing phrase for his next Hindi remake of Telugu super hit film.The musical love story is produced by Kumar Taurani's Tips Industries Limited and has music composed by Sachin-Jigar and lyrics written by Irshad Kamil. The film has completed shooting more than half of the shooting and is slated for release next year in June. Other cast includes Sonu Sood, Vinod Khanna, Randhir Kapoor, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514677", "title": "Now, dress code for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcVIP security\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon, a dress code will be introduced for security wing policemen - who are always seen in plain clothes ahead of every visit of VIPs and VVIPs in the city. The code is being prepared on the pattern of Delhi and Mumbai police, and a proposal has been sent for final approval to administrator (UT).A senior police official said the code would be implemented for the members of security wing who are appointed in the ring-2 of security of every VIP and are not restricted by khakki uniform.The dress code was prepared in two categories -- grey colour plain-suit for winter season and grey colour safari suit for summers. Police sources said, \"There was a lot of confusion in identifying the members of security wing due to absence of dress code while they were on duty. Chandigarh is the only place which has no such code for these policemen.\"SP (security) Manessh Chaudhary said there are around 50 policemen in the security wing who are deployed to check vehicles, places etc ahead of VVIPs visits in the city. The dress code for them would be implemented after getting approval from administrator (UT). The dresses would be provided to these cops from the police department.\" The dog squad, bomb squad and anti-sabotage squad of Chandigarh police are considered to be in the ring-2 security of VVIPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516884", "title": "Winter's mum tried to leak nude pics of older daughter", "text": "Ariel Winter's mother Crystal Workman who lost the legal guardianship of the 'Modern Family' star, reportedly contacted a Hollywood publicist and asked him to leak nude photos of her older daughter, Shanelle.Publicist Jonathan Hay said that Crystal was out for revenge when she contacted him.\"Crystal Workman, the mother of Ariel Winter , wanted me to represent her and leak nude photos in the media of her other daughter Shanelle Workman,\" Radar Online quoted him as saying.\"In all my years of being a publicist, I have never seen anyone stoop as low as wanting to sell out and destroy the reputation of her own daughter.\"Crystal said she wanted the public to see Shanelle for who she really was and smear her daughter in attempts to try and get custody back of Ariel,\" he said.On Monday, Crystal had her lawyer file court documents asking a judge to summon a complete income and expense declaration from 34-year-old Shanelle including bank statements, tax returns and source of income.\"Crystal has called me nonstop in the last 48 hours, trying to get me to leak these pictures,\" Jonathan said, adding that he is completely against the notion of leaking the nude photos.\"Clearly, Ariel is in the right place with Shanelle and away from her mother,\" he said.Crystal later commented, \"I love my daughter Ariel and I am trying to make sure she doesn't fall under the wrong influences so she doesn't become the next Lindsay Lohan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17513581", "title": "Theyyam hues and struggles of a woman", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A group of theatre activists from here, who have a rich background in staging socially-relevant plays, are making their way into the tinsel world with a powerful movie on the struggles of a woman.Chayilyam, the film directed by Manoj Kana, will be screened in the Indian Panorama section of the International Film Festival of Kerala, beginning on Wednesday.\"The film drew its inspiration from Devakoothu, a rare variety of Theyyam performed by women from the Malaya community at Kannapuram in Kannur,\" Manoj said.The protagonist, Gouri, is forced to become the goddess though Devakoothu is usually performed by post-menopausal women.The film portrays the battle she had to wage after the death of her husband under mysterious circumstances.Chayilyam is the red substance used to paint the face of Theyyam. In the film, it assumes various levels of meaning ranging from the menstrual blood to resistance movements and to the deep-seated anger. The myths associated with the female goddess, which are deeply ingrained in the collective unconscious, lend an added level of meaning to the film.The funds for the movie were raised from the public. \"Though we knew that our society and cinema had moved further away from the days of John Abraham , we ventured to follow his way. I staged over 100 solo performances of the play Dotcom in various parts of the state and the Gulf as part of the fund collection,\" Manoj said.The film, produced by Priyesh Kumar under the banner of Neru Cultural Society, has Anumol K in the lead. Actor M R Gopakumar also plays an important role. The film has already been selected to the Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore film festivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513103", "title": "Madhya Pradesh losing an age-old 'bana' rhythm", "text": "BHOPAL: One of the oldest musical instruments 'Bana' and its performers are on the verge of extinction. The Gond tribe sect 'Pardhan' who used to perform Bana have shifted to painting in the last couple of decades owing to a lack of recognition and a need to earn a livelihood.\"It is sad that one of the oldest musical instruments and its performers would be extinct after a couple of years,\" Gond tribal art promoter, Padmaja Shrivastava said. She added that the only few Bana performers now remain in the eastern Madhya Pradesh.Having been working for last one decade for the Gond tribal arts, Shrivastava said that the Gond Pardhans had shifted to paintings and other works after Bana performances could not help them earn a livelihood. \"Once an important musical instrument, Bana is now struggling for survival. The need of the hour is to save and preserve a culture that is centuries old,\" she said.Bana is performed by a solo singer and his instrument. Bells on the bow accentuate every stroke , and the pace ranges from a medium to fast tempo.Director of the documentary film based on Bana performers, Ashish Bhawalkar said, \"Now only few performers exist. Their situation is not good. I met a Bana performer Phool Singh Marawi and I have never heard such a beautiful musical performance.\"Suggesting measures to save and preserve the culture of Bana performers, Shrivastava said, \"The government should first focus on helping them financially. Bana performers must feel that their culture has the recognition at the higher level. Besides, society must also make efforts to support them.\"She suggested live performances of Bana artists and interactive session that can play a big role in conserving the age old music tradition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17515526", "title": "Farmer climbs power tower, demands relief for crop loss", "text": "SONIPAT: A small village in Sonipat district in Haryana witnessed a high drama on Thursday when a farmer climbed a 50-foot power line tower in his fields and threatened to commit suicide demanding adequate compensation for crops damaged while erecting poles for laying transmission lines.The farmer, Hawa Singh (65) of Deepalpur village, climbed the Haryana Vidyut Prasharan Nigam's power transmission tower in the afternoon and threatened to jump off if the government did not pay him compensation for the damaged crop in his farm fields. After climbing about 50 feet he threw a piece of paper at the crowd gathered in which he had written his demands. He alleged the power companies were offering very low compensation amount by wrongly assessing the crop loss.After six hours of drama, he climbed down following assurances from the local MLA and district administration officials that he will be paid compensation.On receiving information, Congress MLA from Rai constituency Jai Tirth Dahiya along with DSP Ajit Singh, district development and panchayat officer Hari Singh Sheoran and officers of Haryana Vidyut Prasharan Nigam reached the spot and assured him of appropriate action.Hawa Singh alleged that farmers were not given notice before erecting poles and laying of the lines. His letter of demands was handed over to the officers of the Prasharan Nigam.Singh said he belonged to a freedom fighter's family and he owns only four bighas of land. The standing crops of the last three seasons were damaged during power line laying work.Three power transmission lines cross over his field and a huge portion of the land had been used for erecting poles. Other farmers also supported his demand.The MLA said an inquiry would be conducted into the complaints regarding discrepancies in assessment of crop damages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17514107", "title": "NC-Cong sweep J&K; council polls", "text": "SRINAGAR: The ruling National Conference-Congress coalition in Jammu and Kashmir won all the four legislative council seats under the panchayat quota on Thursday.In the Kashmir valley, the NC candidate Ali Muhammad Dar defeated his nearest rival Peer Muhammad Hussain of the PDP by 2,675 votes. On the other seat, Ghulam Nabi Monga of Congress defeated Yasir Reshi of the PDP by 2,565 votes.In Jammu, Congress candidate Shyam Lal defeated Gurmeet Singh of the PDP by 7034 votes while NC's Shahnaz Ganai defeated her nearest rival Ved Prakash Gupta of the PDP by 6917 votes on the other seat.These elections are significant as they have happened after a gap of 32 years. These occurred in the backdrop of heightened tension in the valley with militants issuing death threats panchs and sarpanches if they did not resign.Despite this, the landmark elections recorded a turnout of 90% on voting day on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17513513", "title": "Water table in parts of city gone down drastically", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Central Ground Water Board (CGWB) has found that the water table in many pockets of the city has gone down drastically over the last five years.Sources in the CGWB said the board has found that the ground water level has gone down mostly in and around the thickly populated Panbazar area in the heart of the city and Azara area of west Guwahati in the last few years. These are the areas of the city where there has been rapid growth of population and construction activities in the last 10 years.CGWB scientist Pratul Kalita said, \"Open areas are reducing everyday in Guwahati and pucca roads are coming up all around. If the city residents don't start digging recharge pits to harvest rain water, the time is not far when there will be no underground water in Guwahati.\"Kalita added that aquifers, where ground water gets deposited beneath the earth, are not interlinked in Guwahati and due to this, water from one aquifer cannot pass into another aquifer. \"Since aquifers below the earth in Guwahati are not interlinked, there is scarcity of water in one pocket of the city while water is available in another pocket,\" he added.The city residents are facing water scarcity also due to the unauthorized extraction of ground water for commercial gains in the city. The Guwahati Municipal Corporation and the Kamrup (Metro) district administration have been receiving public complaints against unauthorized extraction of ground water. Public awareness on water harvesting is yet to gain momentum in Guwahati. \"The scarcity of water in Guwahati can be solved only by resorting to rainwater harvesting,\" said Ashutosh Agnihotri, Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner.Though the state government has initiated water supply projects in Guwahati with assistance from the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, Asian Development Bank and the Japan International Cooperation Agency to provide 24X7 household water supplies to the city residents, the projects are likely to start functioning from the latter half of 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17512548", "title": "No-parking along JC road in Panaji", "text": "It has been decided to keep the stretch of Joao Castro road from the old Patto bridge up to the area behind the old secretariat free from any type of parking, in order to allow entry of vehicular traffic to Panaji city via the old Patto bridge on an experimental basis, states a press note issued by the Panaji traffic cell. Traffic police personnel have been given full powers and instructed to enforce the traffic rules and prosecute the traffic violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "17514235", "title": "Panic after plane parts fall on Balasore villages", "text": "BALASORE: Panic gripped Balasore's Raibania area when some materials from an IAF fighter aircraft fell on a house and fields between two villages on Wednesday evening. The aircraft had reportedly taken off from West Bengal's Kalaikunda defence base. Sources said it was a routine exercise over the Bay of Bengal and materials kept inside the aircraft might have accidentally slipped out and landed on the village, about 100 km from the base.Though there was no loss of life, Bibhuti Behera of Majhisahi and his son were injured while trying to escape when the materials landed on their house. The house was also damaged. \"I was standing in front of my house when something, measuring 6 ft and emitting smoke, fell on it. We came to know that these were parts of an aircraft after the police arrived,\" said a shocked Behera.The materials also fell on the field where one Bachaspati Jena and his wife Labangalata Jena were working. They sustained minor injuries. Villagers immediately informed police about the incident. Soon after, a team from Raibania police station sealed the area and informed IAF officials at Kalaikunda.Locals staged a protest when an IAF team reached the spot and tried to seize the materials. They demanded compensation for the damage. The IAF officials were, however, tight-lipped about the issue. OIC of Raibania police station Bhabagrahi Barik said people demand Rs 80,000 as compensation. \"We have informed IAF officials about it. The parts are in our custody and we are waiting for their arrival,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17514305", "title": "Bokaro gropes in dark", "text": "BOKARO: Most parts of the district is living in complete darkness for the past 24 hours after power supply stopped following a strike by employees of the state electricity board to protest against the government's move to hire private power distributors.Barring a few industrial townships, like Bokaro Steel, Central Coalfield and Damodar Valley Corporation, the entire district, or about 8 lakh people, suffered in the crisis in the middle of the week with farrago of events like, mobile phones conking out and inverters shutting down, hitting daily life.Residents of Chas, Petarwar, Balidih, Bermo, Chandankyari, Nawadih and Gomia, among others, were the worst affected. The crisis has affected banks, shops, showrooms, hospitals, post offices, small industries and others establishments in these areas. Most of the industries in the Balidih Industrial Area (BIA), which get electricity from JSEB, witnessed blackout.Condition at government hospitals was the worst. Doctors were seen attending to patients under candlelight. Markets remained covered with smoke from generators the whole day.\"Businessmen, traders, residents all are living in miserable condition due to power crisis. We are helpless. Even our cellphones are not working as there is no electricty to recharge,\" said Sujit Singh, a resident of Chas.Local political leaders criticized JSEB employees and blamed them for the doomsday. Officers at the power department were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513090", "title": "Prakash Jha faces peoples satyagraha", "text": "BHOPAL: There's a satyagraha already brewing, much before Prakash Jha could begin filming his latest political thriller in the state capital. For the iconic filmmaker, who has portrayed dozens of satyagrahas in his films, this is a real life problem he has to confront with now.A social action group - the Bhopal citizens forum (BCF) has objected to the laying of a tar road and construction of a makeshift market at the historic 19th century Benazir palace, the location of Prakash Jha's upcoming film 'Satyagraha'. The issue caught the eye of the national monuments authority (NMA) as well, which has asked the state government for a clarification and to act to stop damaging the historic fabric of the area.\"We cannot let the production of a film spoil a perfectly good playground. Imagine if one gave permission for shooting at the Agra's Taj Mahal and let the producer lay a 20,000-sq feet tar road and erect a makeshift market,\" said Bhopal citizen forum, heritage cell convenor A C Chandra.The Benazir ground being given for the shoot takes away the only open ground for children, wrote NMA member Meera Dass in a letter to commissioner archaeology, museums and archives on Tuesday. \"I strongly recommend that an appropriate use of palaces needs to be reviewed otherwise the spaces would be used for most inappropriate purposes as and when the demand arises, damaging the historic fabric of the area completely,\" said Dass.Prakash Jha's production company, however maintains that they would restore the grounds to its original state. \"Satyagraha would be the fourth straight film being made by Prakash Jha in Bhopal. We have requisite permissions and the ground would be restored in its original condition,\" said Zulfiqar Ali, Jha's local coordinator.When asked about the damage being caused by the construction of the set, the local contractor for Jha said, \"Why blame us. Look how Nagarjuna (the construction company) ruined the grounds before we came. At least we have constructed a road where cars can be parked once we move out.\" However, in the last week the pace of the construction work has been hurried, he added.Satyagraha cast includes Amitabh Bachchan , Ajay Devgan , Kareena Kapoor , Arjun Rampal and Manoj Bajpayee. The film focuses on corruption which is slated for an August 15 release, next year.{pic of AC chandra}***BOX: {Benazir - construction and butterfly pics}Who's land is it anyway?It's a free run for Prakash Jha and his production company when it comes to filming at the Benazir palace grounds. The grounds come under the Gandhi medical college (GMC). The palace itself, not a protected monument, is held by the public works department (PWD). Interestingly, none including the directorate of culture are aware of the construction work that Jha's unit plans at the historic premises.Benazir ground is a property of the GMC. It was leased to the Nagarjuna Construction Company, a year ago for a paltry sum of Rs 25,000 per month. The private construction company lodged its workers and dug holes in the grounds to dump debris from a nearby site.Gandhi medical college (GMC) Dean Dr Nirbhay Shrivastava says the Nagarjuna construction company (NCC) would be responsible for any damage. Jha had approached the GMC for filming after which NCC sub-leased the grounds to Jha's production company for shoot, after GMC approval.\"We are not aware of what is being constructed and how. When we are returned the premises it has to be in its original state,\" said Dr Shrivastava GMC. When asked who would monitor the historic monument, GMC dean said, \"Somebody has to.\"A portion of the palace falls under the PWD. \"We have not given any permission for the shoot. I am told the department of culture has granted approval,\" said PWD engineer-in-chief Akhilesh Agarwal.However, director culture Shriram Tiwari said, \"Jha has not sought permission from us nor is there any requirement in the present context. It would only be required when the proposed film city begins.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "sonepurr", "code": "17515057", "title": "Motor vehicles on sale at 'cattle fair'", "text": "SONEPURr: Once famous as Asia's largest cattle fair, Sonepur Mela has lost much of its sheen with fewer cows, buffaloes and oxen on sale at the fair this year. While huge visuals of herds of elephants on sale accompanied every story on the monthlong annual fair in print earlier, there was only one tusker at the fair on Tuesday. And tractors and cars are also on sale at the \"cattle fair\" venue at the confluence of the Gandak and the Ganga at Sonepur in Bihar's Saran district, 45km from Patna .There are not many cattle buyers either, and the business during the more than one week since the fair opened on November 27 has left the likes of Mukesh Chaudhary, who has been setting up his stall at the fair for last 20 years, disappointed. \"Time was when I would sell 300-odd cows with their calves during the first week of the fair. So far I have sold less than 100 cows,\" he told TOI on Tuesday.Chaudhary said traders like him earlier used to bring the cattle from distant places like Punjab and Haryana as the breeds were in high demand. But the business has suffered a lot now that the Punjab government has banned the sale of cows beyond its borders, he said.Bachcha Singh, who has been setting up his stall at the fair for ten years, would earlier receive buyers in large numbers of Friesian cows. \"This year I have only one Friesian cow which gives 35 litres of milk a day and is priced at Rs 1.51 lakh. Eight days on, not a single buyer has come,\" Singh said.Not only cows, there's slowdown in the market even for buffaloes. Vishwanath Rai, a native of Sonepur, has so far sold only two buffaloes. \"Pehle toh seengh mein seengh ladta tha,\" recalled Vishwanath who admitted bringing fewer buffaloes to sell this year as \"I anticipated poor sales\".The district administration claims there were more than 2,000 cows and buffaloes at the fair when it opened. \"If you have seen only 100-odd of them, this implies that many traders would have returned home,\" Saran DM Vinay Kumar told TOI and added there were more than 200 oxen, 5,000 horses and 36 elephants at the fair on the inaugural day.Vishwanath Rai explained farmers now preferred tractors to oxen for their fields. \"Tractors are also on sale. Why shall one buy a pair of oxen?\" he asked and added only a few poor farmers now bought oxen.Dogs, however, continue to attract crowds of buyers, especially women. While German Shepherds are up for grabs for Rs 6,000 to Rs 10,000 each, the Labra breed is priced in the range of Rs 6,000 to Rs 8,000 and Pomeranian in the range of Rs 3,000 to Rs 5,000. Fierce Dyson can be yours for anything between Rs 5,000 and Rs 7,000 while cute li'l Pugs are carrying a price tag of Rs 15,000 to Rs 25,000. The bigger Pugs are a tad more expensive priced at up to Rs 30,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17512561", "title": "Exhibition by Trishla Jain", "text": "A pop up exhibition titled 'Tangerine Trees and Marmalade Skies', by Trishla Jain will be on view at Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for The Arts, 63/C-8, Near Lar de Estudantes Altinho, Panaji , till December 12, between 10am and 7pm. Open all days. For details, call 0832-2421311.Tourism minister Parulekar on DD: Doordarshan Kendra, Panaji, will telecast a live phone-in programme 'Hello Doordarshan', featuring tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, on December 7, between 7.15pm to 8pm. Parulekar will answers viewers' questions on 'tourism activities in Goa'. Viewers can call on 2222424 or 2220029.Golden jubilee celebrations at St Xavier's:As part of St Xavier's college's golden jubilee celebrations, it will organize an exhibition on December 7 and December 8 at the college campus from 10am to 4pm. The chief guest for the inaugural function will be Dayanand Mandrekar, minister for art and culture, which will be held at 10.30am on December 7. The exhibition is open to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17515480", "title": "Penury drives temple priest to suicide in Yamunanagar", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: A 50-year-old temple priest allegedly shot himself dead on Wednesday night in the religious town of Bilaspur in Yamunanagar district.Police said the body of Tilak Das was spotted in the Om Sai Ashram where he was serving on Thursday morning.A police officer said the deceased had used his licensed gun for taking his life and left no suicide note.It has come to light that Tilak was under heavydebt and a lot of depression, said a police officer.Tilak, a resident of Kaithal, had taken money from many people and promised them jobs in return. But, after he had failed to keep his word people had started demanding their money back, said the police officer.Tilak's family is staying in Kaithal and the deceased was serving at local Om Sai Ashram and temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512887", "title": "VC too doesn't mind offensive banners at Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: The timid NU administration has not only failed to act against employees who vandalized its premises by putting up offensive banners and posters but is unable to muster enough courage to even remove them. Like registrar Ashok Gomase, vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal too has stated the banners would remain in place until enquiry against those who put them is completed. He said employees who erected them have been issued notices. He did not take the calls being busy with meeting in the evening.On fourth day, these posters/banners continue to decorate the NU premises. Sources claimed that VC may have granted unofficial permission to Nagpur University Employees Association (NUEA) members to erect those posters/banners criticizing media and NU administration for portraying employees in wrong light. \"The administration is undoubtedly supporting the employees. What if posters against top NU officials had been pasted? Would the VC allow them,\" they asked.Gomase told TOI he had constituted an enquiry panel under estate officer Vinod Ilme. However, Ilme claimed ignorance of any such committee. On Monday when TOI brought the posters to the notice of registrar Gomase, he too pleaded ignorance about them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17515066", "title": "Seizure of cellphones from jails baffles cops", "text": "PATNA: The seizure of a bulk of cellphones from inside Beur Model Central Jail and Phulwarisharif Camp District Jail during the last few months, has baffled the jail officials. The officials, however, claim to keep a strict vigil on each and every ward of the jail to ward off any untoward incident. But despite this some of the inmates manage to break jail rules and continue with their criminal activities from the premises.The state Home(prisons) department has decided to auction 550 unclaimed mobile phone sets seized from the Beur jail premises during raids on December 8. But it has no answer as to how these cellphones landed inside the jail.A department official said it is indeed a matter of investigation that how these cellphones land inside the two jails when the superintendent himself visits each and every ward of both jails. \"In fact, the authorities should deal with the visitors and the officials, who monitor visiting hours, strictly. It is found that visitors first grease officials' palms. Then they pull a string and wrap the currency on one side which is later pulled in by the inmates. And, the inmates use these money for their various nefarious designs,\" the official said.Director (industries), Home (prisons) BCP Singh said the residential colonies situated nearby the two jails also pose security threat. \"There are residential colonies within 8 feet to 16 feet range around the jail premises. Notorious criminals take advantage of this dense population. Their associates throw mobile phones over the campus boundary wall. If the height of the wall is increased, this malpractice can be checked easily,\" Singh said.He further said the security in and around Beur jail has been beefed up following the attack on Beur jailer and hoax calls to blow up the jail. \"We have also received a proposal from the Beur jail authorities to increase the height of the boundary wall of the jail premises.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17514972", "title": "Calcutta University assault: Mamata still silent but Guv concerned", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan on Thursday expressed \"deep concern\" over the assault on veteran Trinamool Congress leader Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay on the Calcutta University campus and sought information on steps taken to prevent a recurrence of such episodes.Chattopadhyay, the government's chief whip in the assembly, has alleged in an FIR he was attacked by members of a rival Trinamool faction on November 27. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has, however, so far not spoken on the subject. The governor, who is also the chancellor of CU, voiced his concerns to the university's vice-chancellor Suranjan Das, who called on him to discuss the Indian Science Congress . The event, which will be held in the city from January 1-7 , will be attended by President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.\"The governor expressed deep concern on the unfortunate incident and enquired whether adequate steps had been taken so that a recurrence of similar incidents is stopped in future,\" Das told TOI. \"I informed him that if the MiC (higher education minister Bratya Basu) hadn't immediately intervened, things could have gone out of control. I apprised him of the steps taken. He wanted me to keep him informed of all developments in this regard,\" the vice-chancellor added. Sources said Das told the governor an inquiry committee , which will submit its report to the CU syndicate, had been set up.Chattopadhyay, who heads the All Bengal University Employees Association , was in CU on November 27 to meet Das with a charter of demands. In the FIR lodged at Jorasanko police station, the veteran MLA alleged supporters of another Trinamool faction - Sara Bangla Trinamool Sikhabandhu Samiti - led by their CU convener Manmatha Ranjan Biswas assaulted him.THE SOBHANDEB AFFAIRGovt chief whip in assembly Sobhandeb wants an apology and action against Manmatha Ranjan Biswas's Sara Bangla Trinamool Sikhabandhu Samiti. Its members, he alleges, assaulted him on CU campus on Nov 27Sources say Mamata not willing to settle dispute on veteran leader's termsIf the party gives in to his demand, it would mean undermining an organization set up by Trinamool national general secretary Mukul Roy, the source sayBiswas is vicepresident and central committee member of the 19-member Samiti that has representatives from all universities in Bengal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513766", "title": "Buddha warns of communal divide", "text": "KOLKATA: Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee on Thursday accused the Mamata Banerjee government of subtly fanning communal disharmony with its policies and attitude towards the minority community.Bhattacharjee was speaking on the occasion of Communal Harmony Day, organized by the Left Front at the Calcutta University Centenary Hall. Highlighting 20 years of Babri Masjid's demolition, the former CM said: \"The Trinamool-run government is implicitly whipping up communal sentiments through its policies. The chief minister is paying Imams an honorarium, but what about hundreds of unemployed Muslim youths? Why is she only talking about upgrading madrassas? This government is creating a communal divide, thus making the BJP raise its head.\"He added: \"The result of this divide was reflected in the Jangipur election where 10% of the votes went to the BJP and 7% to two Muslim fundamentalist groups. This is a dangerous trend.\"Holding the Congress responsible for the rich-poor divide and the BJP splitting the nation on the basis of religion, the former chief minister said: \"We Leftists will not allow this. Religion is a private issue - we won't compromise with the politics of religion.\"Bhattacharjee said the Ranganath Misra Commission had emboldened his government to implement reservations for Muslims. He said the proposal to provide 10% reservation for Muslims in government jobs was announced by the Left government in February 2011. Speaking about the situation in Assam, Bhattacharjee said the recent violence and the communal tension that had been incited for political gain were part of a nationwide problem.Among those who attended the programme included Forward Bloc state secretary Asok Ghosh, writer Adul Basar and former assembly speaker Hasim Abdul Halim.Reminiscing about December 6, 1992, Bhattacharjee said, \"I was with Jyotibabu at Writers' all night. We were keeping ourselves updated every minute. I remember Jyotibabu calling former Prime Minister (P V Narisimha Rao) and advising him to deploy the army before it was too late.\"Bhattacharjee added, \"Jyotibabu told me that the Prime Minister told him that there would only be some prayers and demonstration. So the Army wouldn't be necessary. Jyotibabu was aghast. He told the then Prime Minister, \"And you believed them?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513666", "title": "252 votes is not a win: Jaitley questions UPA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s legitimacy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley on Thursday strongly attacked the government saying its inability to muster 272 votes needed to touch the halfway mark in Lok Sabha during the vote on FDI in multi-brand retail had raised a large question mark over the UPA regime's legitimacy.Jaitley said the 252 votes UPA got on Wednesday laid bare the truth about the government, as every time it needed to bump up this figure to 272, it had to strike compromises for which a cost had to be paid. \"This is why there is concern with regard to the nation's investigative agencies and constitutional bodies,\" he said.\"A government that sees 252 votes as a win needs to be told that this is not a political victory,\" Jaitley said. \"After this figure, you are a lame duck government,\" he added.Questioning the government's claim that it had worked for a consensus, Jaitley said NCP leader Praful Patel had made it clear in Lok Sabha that the decision on whether Maharashtra will implement the FDI policy will have to be decided by the Congress-NCP coordination committee in the state.He said he disagreed with the government's claim that the policy will eliminate middlemen, saying the existing ones will be replaced by a \"super middleman\". \"Farmers will soon realize that there are only some retailers to sell to,\" he said.Jaitley also argued that the advent of FDI in multi-brand retail will spell doom for India's manufacturing as cheap imports will rule the roost. \"In China, Walmart is selling as well as buying... China has developed as a manufacturing hub,\" he said. \"We will become a nation of shop-keepers and our children will become sales girls and boys,\" he said.The BJP leader and parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath also crossed swords, with Jaitley remarking that that the latter had always been a man of principle whether opposing or supporting FDI in multi-brand retail. The BJP leader took on BSP and SP for bailing out the government in Lok Sabha. \"You know that this policy is harmful to the country. If you are willing to proclaim, you should be willing to strike,\" he said.Jaitley reminded Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that he had assured a state federation in Maharashtra in 2002 that FDI in multi-brand retail will not be allowed on the basis of a clarification by the then NDA government. At the time, the PM did not see the measure to be in the interest of the nation.He said the government was creating a \"horror situation\" about lack of cold storage chains to justify the need for FDI in the sector. \"Is making cold chains impossible? It is not rocket science,\" he said, adding it was giving isolated examples in favour of the move.Criticizing the government for following the definition of economic reforms as given by western countries, he said, \"Every change is not reform.\" He also said former parliamentary affairs minister Priya Ranjan Dasmunsi had said FDI in retail was \"anti-national\" and would destroy small traders and that unorganized retail was the \"unorganized safety valve in the country which should not be destroyed\".The debate also saw frequent barbs between Kamal Nath and commerce minister Anand Sharma with Jaitley.AIADMK member V Maitreyan, who initiated the discussion, hit out at DMK over the issue and said, \"If there is one party which believes in running with the hare and hunting with the hound, it is DMK.\"While DMK had voted with the government in the Lok Sabha during the debate on Wednesday, SP and BSP had walked out. All three parties had spoken against the measure, a fact repeatedly highlighted by Jaitely during the debate on Thursday.DMK member T Siva said his party was against FDI in retail but it would continue to support the government as DMK has \"never let down friends\". While the opposition to this stemmed from the fact that FDI in retail would \"destroy\" domestic retailers, lending of continued support to UPA-2 was aimed at allowing the government complete its \"full term\", he added.\"The country does not need frequent elections. DMK is supporting this government... DMK will never let down its friends midway,\" he said.NCP, which is part of the ruling UPA, said FDI in retail would not kill domestic retail but a decision for allowing foreign retailers in Maharashtra, where it runs a coalition government with Congress, will be taken by a coordination committee of both parties.NCP member Y P Trivedi said foreign capital had come in so many sectors but neither had the country become poorer nor had it been enslaved. \"We will compete with them (foreign retailers) and prove we are better than them,\" he said.He, however, stressed on the need for consensus and consultations and said the economic wings of political parties should sit together and look at benefits as well as loopholes. For Maharashtra, he said NCP was part of the government with Congress and there existed a coordination committee to decide on issues.\"The coordination committee will meet to decide on allowing FDI in multi-brand retailing... (it may) come to conclusion to support FDI. But coordination committee has to meet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17513618", "title": "Registrar's nod for monorail cooperation", "text": "KOCHI: The state government will float Kerala Monorail Cooperation (KMC), a new company that will implement the proposed monorail projects in both Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode.The government on Thursday received the nod from the registrar of companies for floating the KMC which would be a special purpose vehicle (SPV) for implementing both the projects, said chief minister Oommen Chandy while inaugurating the three-day Infrastructure Conference (IC) 2012, organised by the public works department (PWD) here.The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will submit the detailed project report (DPR) for the Thiruvananthapuram monorail project on December 11 to the government. \"The DMRC has already submitted the DPR for Kozhikode monorail project, which is estimated to cost about Rs 1,991 crore. Both these projects will be implemented in the stipulated time,\" Chandy said.The CM said the government was planning to build flyovers to ease traffic jams in major cities, and in the first phase four flyovers would be constructed in Ernakulam city. He also hinted at reducing the toll burden while constructing projects.The upcoming high court building and advocate general's office would be built in accordance with the green building norms, as part of the government decision to give utmost priority to environmental concerns, he said.PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju disclosed that the state cabinet on Wednesday granted administrative sanction for the upgradation and renovation of 1,204 km-long road at a cost of Rs 4,692 crore in the state. This allocation was in addition to the amount sanctioned in the budget, disclosed the minister in his presidential address.He said the state roads would be brought under the performance maintenance guarantee scheme, wherein contractors have to guarantee the maintenance of roads for five years.The minister said the Kerala highway research institute, Thiruvanathapuram, would be upgraded to the level of \"centre of excellence\" with technical support from the Spanish company, Elsamer. The MOU for this was handed over to Aurelio Ruiz Rubio, director of Elsamer, at the function.The CM also presented best engineer awards, constituted for the first time, to John K Sam, S Sathish Kumar, Lajeesh Kumar and A Sini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514827", "title": "Google, Facebook most visited websites on mobile: Airtel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facebook, Google and Yahoo are the most accessed websites among mobile internet users, who tend to consume maximum data between 10-11 pm, shows a survey by Bharti Airtel .\"Mobile internet sees maximum data consumption between 10 pm - 11pm and Google is most visited website in terms of unique users, while Facebook clocks maximum time spent and leads all websites in terms of page views as well as data consumption,\" fourth edition of Airtel Mobitude 2012 survey said. The annual survey of customer preferences is conducted to capture the 'mobile attitude' of over 186 million Airtel customers in the country.According to the survey, wallpaper downloads witnessed a 300 per cent jump and recorded 75 million downloads while music downloads number stood at over 150 million. \"Chikni Chameli from Agneepath was the most downloaded song of the year, its actress Katrina Kaif continued to maintain the leading position in the category of images downloaded for the 4th consecutive year,\" the survey said.Among actors, Shah Rukh Khan led the category of Bollywood actors' wallpaper downloads, it added.During the year, MMS crossed the one million mark on Diwali and jumped 145 per cent on the festive day for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17514722", "title": "Andhra University professor lands in \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsex\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 row", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A 57-year-old professor from the department of economics, Andhra University School of Distance Education, was caught on camera for allegedly seeking sexual favours from one of his students when she approached him for her pass certificates.The 'incident' was aired by a local television channel that conducted a sting operation. The channel claims to have recorded the conversation between the two on Thursday. But when TOI contacted, the Three Town inspector Lakshmana Murthy said that they did not receive any complaint. Unable to bear the harassment, she approached the TV channel to 'expose' the professor, the student said.AIDWA member Swaropa Rani and POW member K Padma demanded the suspension of the professor. President of AU Professors Association Satyanarayana said that action needs to be initiated immediately against the professor and he demanded tribal welfare minister P Balaraju's intervention in the case.When TOI contacted the professor, he stated that it was a trap set by the builder of his apartment. \"The builder had dug up the parking place and had put the building in risk. We complained to the GVMC and a vigilance enquiry is pending against him. Just because I led that agitation he wants to take revenge,\" he said. He, however, while accepting what was recorded and shown by the channel was true, said that the woman was not a student but a 'professional escort', who was sent by the builder to trap him.While accepting what was recorded and shown by the channel was true, the professor said that the woman was not a student but a 'professional escort', who was sent by a builder to trap him", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17515080", "title": "Free medicines come easy to legislators while poor patients wait", "text": "MUMBAI: Public hospitals at times fail to provide basic medicines to the poorest of patients because they are out of stock. However, RTI findings show they are quick to distribute medicines worth thousands of rupees to our state legislators. The esteemed MLAs and MLCs, of course, are only cashing in on a privilege extended to them whenever the legislature is in session in Mumbai. However, a list of the items availed of shows that our elected representatives want the public to spend on even their Vicks and balms, shampoos and face washes, Iodex, moisturizing creams and even Bournvita.In one instance, the cost of the items received in just one legislative session (two to three weeks) ballooned to Rs 58,665. On three other occasions, over Rs 30,000 was spent, and on two occasions over Rs 20,000.RTI data from the state-run JJ Group of Hospitals shows that during legislative sessions in Mumbai in 2011 and 2012 senior NCP leader Ganesh Naik's son, MLA Sandeep Naik, asked for three packs of Shahnaz Hussain moisturizing cream, Shiv Sena MLA Anil Kadam (of Niphad) asked for three bottles of Colgate Plax mouthwash and BJP MLA Govardhan Sharma (of Akola) got six tubes of Volini pain-reliever.YOU PAY FOR THEIR PAINSome of the more trivial items that politicians avail of on public money: Probiotics | Dettol liquid | Iodex | Pudin Hara | Safi | Antacids | Band Aid | Kayam Churna | Zandu &amp; Tiger balms | Volini | Vicks | Moov | Bournvita | Blades | Face wash | Clinic Plus &amp; Garnier shampoos | Shahnaz moisturising cream | Suncross lotion | Triglow | Hemapushpa syrup'Seems like a shameless exploitation of privilege'Whenever the Maharashtra house is in session, the state posts doctors from the JJ, GT or St George hospitals at the MLA hostel to do routine checks on legislators and prescribe medicines if needed. Not all purchases are trivial, with legislators availing of medicines for heart disease, diabetes , cholesterol, blood pressure, respiratory problems and so on. However, costs can run high. During the monsoon session in July-August 2012, Congressman Ram Raut (of Amgaon ) got medicines worth Rs 58,665 from July 16 to 23. In the same session, Independent MLA Bertrand Mullar got medicines worth Rs 39,368 and Shiv Sena MLA Daulatrao Daroda's bill was Rs 33,797.\"These medicines are purchased through the hospitals and given to the elected representatives within a day or two,\" said Chetan Kothari, RTI activist. \"I saw that some MLAs and MLCs have asked doctors to write prescriptions for blades, Zandu balms and Band Aid.\" Former information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said, \"It does seem like a shameless exploitation of privileges. Even if it's a small sum, it shows the politicians don't care.\"Said a senior doctor who has been on adiveshan duty, as it is called: \"I have got letters from MLAs and MLCs on their letterheads requesting medicines in bulk. Some ask for TB medicine when they clearly don't have the disease. At times, they ask for Bournvita or cold creams to be prescribed.\" Another doctor said, \"An elected representative once asked me to add shampoos and ayurvedic digestive medicines, such as Khayam Churan, to a prescription.\"A Congress minister said the trivial purchases \"would not be the norm\". Leader of opposition in the council, Vinod Tawde (BJP) said, \"I never sought these medicines myself, but there are MLAs and MLCs who come from out of town. These must be their needs.\"In the budgetary picture, state Department of Medical Education and Research head Dr Pravin Shingare said these medicines wouldn't cost more than Rs 1 crore a year. But, the legislators are entitled to yearround free hospitalisation.\"These purchases are an exploitation or abuse of privilege,\" said a senior politician. \"Consider that the state is planning to increase user fees for the public at hospitals and has kept a low budget for medicines. This expenditure, then, for the MLAs and MLCs cuts into the budget for the common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514014", "title": "Chadha murders: U'khand unhappy with Delhi cop raids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crime branch probing the Ponty Chadha shootout case has received flak from the Uttarakhand police for conducting raids in different parts of the state without its permission.Officials confirmed that they had received a letter from Uttarakhand inspector-general (law and order) Ramsingh Meena raising the objections and hoping that in future the state police would be informed in advance.Any state police requires to inform its counterpart in other state before carrying out any exercise there. But the crime branch of Delhi Police conducted several raids recently in Dehradun and other places in Uttarakhand for main accused Sukhdev Namdhari's son without informing the Uttarakhand police.Cops were apparently trying to trace Namdhari's son Surender who has been missing since his father's arrest, sources said. Ponty's money from Centerstage Mall, amounting to Rs 200 crore, was allegedly given to Namdhari who transferred it to his son, they added. Senior officials, however, said they were looking for Surender to determine his role in tampering Namdhari's pistol. Jehangir, who had allegedly tampered with the pistol in Bajpur, is also missing.Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep were murdered on November 17 during the shootout outside one of their farmhouses in Chhatarpur.Although investigators claimed to have almost finished the probe, they have been insisting on Namdhari's police custody. During the last three hearings, cops have argued that they needed to interrogate Namdhari to arrest his men belonging to the Khalsa brigade, and recover vehicles and arms used in the murders. Cops are probing the role of one Malkeet Singh who allegedly heads the Khalsa brigade.On Thursday, cops raided several places in Pilibhit and Dehradun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17513294", "title": "Indian Bank serves notice to MPAKVN", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (MPAKVN) has landed up in soup over allotment of a piece of land to favour a private firm Caveo Pinnacle India Pvt Limited, which is already mortgaged with the bank.Knowing that MPAKVN has cancelled the allocation of previous Blue Bird India Ltd and reallocated it to Caveo Pinnacle on 21-11-2012, Pune-based branch of Indian Bank has served notice to chairman and managing director of MPAKVN to terminate the allotment or make any further progress.The bank notice says, \"We are constrained to add that any act by MPAKVN that affects exercising of our rights over the mortgaged property as a secured creditor, would be contested in court of law.\"In the notice, the bank has mentioned that plot no- 816-A, 817 and 818 measuring 80,000 sqmt were allocated to MPAKVN in 2008. Based on the lease deed between MPAKVN and the company, the loans were provided including for the purchase of these industrial plots.The bank has initiated action and it has taken a symbolic possession of the three industrial plots at Pithampur on April 27, 2012. A possession notice was published in a city-based newspaper on May 1, 2012. The bank has stated that it could take the legal route to sort out the issue if MPAKVN fails to cancel the land allocation.Meanwhile, city-based industrialists too have served a legal notice to MPAKVN alleging losses of more than Rs 4 crore to the state government. The industrialists have alleged that AKVN reallocated the land to the Pinnancle sidelining 137 industrialists who had applied for possession of the land since April 26, 2010. Industrialists are demanding AKVN to take back the possession of the land and allot it on the basis of project priority to the 137 industrialists who are in need and ready to pay the right amount for the land.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17513985", "title": "Man poses as cop, cheats student of chain, ring", "text": "CHENNAI: A man posing as a policeman conned an engineering college student and decamped with his gold chain and ring at K K Nagar on Wednesday.Police said Gandhi Kumar, a second year student of a private engineering college on the outskirts of the city, was walking along the road when the man approached him.In his complainant, Gandhi Kumar said the man in khakis, who appeared to around 40 years of age and had a sharp moustache, asked him to be wary of robbers on the prowl in the area. He then asked Kumar to remove his gold chain and ring and bundled them in a piece of paper. He returned the bundle to Kumar and left. The student later opened the bundle and found stones and sand.Kumar lodged a complaint with the K K Nagar police who registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514062", "title": "Man held with drugs at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A passenger scheduled to fly out of IGI Airport's Terminal 1D on Thursday morning was arrested for trying to smuggle pseudoephedrine, a non-prescription anti-congestant which leads to hyperactivity if taken in large quantities.This is the seventh haul of the drug at the airport since October this year.CISF officials said 25-year-old Lal Ruatlian reported at gate no. 3 of terminal 1D at 9.40 am on Thursday. He was scheduled to fly to Guwahati on Go Air flight G8-151 whose departure time is 11 am.\"The passenger appeared highly nervous and the duty personnel short-listed him for a thorough check. We found 9 kg of the tablet in his bag and informed Narcotics Control Bureau,\" Hemendra Singh, public relations officer, CISF, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512801", "title": "Griha Aadhar yet to take off", "text": "PANAJI: Launched with much fanfare, the Griha Aadhar scheme (housewife allowance) of the government is yet to take off due to financial constraints. Though the finance department is in talks with bankers, the scheme is not likely to be implemented even this month.\"The current financial crunch is the only reason why the government has not been able to push it, though it was launched two months back,\" said a source. The chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , had announced the scheme in his budget speech in March but it was formally launched on October 2. Subsequently, it was announced that it will be implemented by Diwali, in November.When contacted, Sunil Masurkar, director of women and child development, denied that the implementation of the scheme has been delayed for want of funds. This department is the nodal agency for implementing this scheme. \"All the ground work necessary for implementation of the scheme has been done. Currently, the finance department is talking to banks and once a bank is selected, it will be implemented,\" he said.Since the announcement of the scheme in October, the department has received 12,000 applications which are being scrutinized. Under the scheme, a housewife is entitled to receive 1,000 a month but with a rider that the annual income of the family should not exceed 3 lakh.Also, the applicant housewife has to be a resident of Goa with minimum stay of 15 years. The government has decided to sanction 15,000 applications a month and that will cost it 1.50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17515012", "title": "Sexual harassment peeves eves every day", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even as the murder of an ASI trying to protect his daughter from sexual harassment in Amritsar sent shock waves across the country, two brothers allegedly molested a girl at Gandhi colony near Chandigarh road.According to the complainant, the accused Robin and Vishal Mangat of Gurbagh Colony stopped her while she had gone to the market near her home and tried to molest her, after which they fled the spot.Head Constable Veeru Khan, said, \"Although we arrested the accused on Wednesday, they were released on bail in the evening. We have however registered a case under sections 354, 509, 343, 506 and 34 of the IPC\". The complainant's family members were in a state of shock at the news.Meanwhile incidents of harassment of women have been bane of youngsters in Ludhiana.Additional deputy commissioner of police, special branch, Harmohan Singh Sandhu is against passivity on the part of the victims.\"It is of utmost important that when a girl or a lady is harassed she should share it with the family in the first place or with teachers. Police has to be definitely informed as only then some action could be taken.Senior police officers can be easily approached in such a matter for action,\" Additional Deputy Commissioner Police, Special branch Harmohan Singh Sandhu said.According to Navkiran Mahajan, a psychiatrist at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), \"Lack of check on anti social elements will encourage them. Girls should resist harassment. They should be trained in self defense too. These people carry weapons, so girls must be careful. They should confide in their elders if something is wrong and the elders should report the matter to the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17513197", "title": "81 tanneries shut to prevent effluent flow in Ganga during Kumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the objective of preventing discharge of untreated industrial effluent and wastewater into the Ganga during Kumbh, officials of UP Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) have shut down as many as 81 tanneries in industrial city Kanpur.In fact, UPPCB officials made it clear that industrial units including tanneries which don't have the facility of ETP (Effluent Treatment Plant) would be shut down and cases would be lodged against them under appropriate sections on charges of violating norms.Keeping a strict eye on industrial units and checking discharge of industrial waste into the river, the UPPCB officials are also conducting regular check at over 400 units in Kanpur and Allahabad.During the check, UPPCB officials found that all 10 industrial units located at Naini area of Allahabad have installed ETPs and are working properly.Dr Mohammad Sikandar regional officer UPPCB Allahabad said, \"We have noticed that all 10 major industrial units in Allahabad have installed ETPs and are following norms\" and added, \"We have been carrying out regular checks and units have been apprised about the importance of ETPs.Similarly, most of the industrial units in Kanpur have either already installed or are in the process of installing ETPs. There are over 430 units, including 402 tanneries, operational and the UPPCB authorities have shut down 81 tanneries till date for violating norms. Similarly, cases have been filed against 32 other units on charges of violating norms.Radhay Shyam regional officer UPPCB Kanpur told TOI, \"Apart from closing down 81 erring tanneries, we have continued to check small units\". He added that over 20 units were closed for decades and we have been checking the status of each and every unit on regular basis.He, however, claimed that a majority of units especially tanneries have installed ETPs and are following the norms.Kumbh will commence from January 14, 2013 and officials of the UPPCB have been maintaining strict watch on errant units which were either shut down or cases filed against them.Officials have also been apprising the advantages of effluent treatment system and encouraging them to install it at the earliest. Officials are also taking feedback from units which have already installed it.An effluent treatment plant takes sewage runoff from toilets, factories, storm-water drains and other sources and first screens it to remove any solids (cans, plastic, tampons etc) and removed sand and other solid substances before the mixture starts going through pumps.After scanning, primary treatment flows through large tanks and then sludge and oils are removed.Under the secondary treatment, the remaining mixture is treated using aerobic biological processes to break down the contaminants.Finally, tertiary treatment starts and treated water is given final processing before it is discharged into a river.Pollution Control* Only units with facility of ETPs to be functional during Kumbh* 81 tanneries shut down by UPPCB officials till date for violating norms* Cases have been lodged against 32 errant units* UPPCB officials checking whether ETPs of industrial units are functional or not* All 10 industrial units in Allahabad have ETPs* A majority of tanneries in Kanpur installed ETPs or are installing them fast", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "calangute/ponda", "code": "17512559", "title": "Calangute cops start Naik probe; Ponda cops petitioned", "text": "CALANGUTE/PONDA: Calangute police have started investigations into jailbird Mahanand Naik sending SMSs to the rape victim, even as Ponda police have received a complaint against the 'dupatta killer' from a women's group.Naik, serving several sentences at Aguada's Central Jail, is accused of killing several women and raping one. He's back in the news for allegedly sending love messages to the rape victim, incidentally, the first case he was arrested for in 2009.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said on Thursday evening that the police were awaiitng details of how many calls were made from Aguada jail to the woman, the call durations, the owner of the SIM card etc.\"Once we receive these details, the information will be forwarded to the Aguada jail superintendent who has sought the call details,\" said Raposo. Jail authorities had denied any SMSs or calls were made from the jail.In Ponda, PI C L Patil said NGO Bailancho Ekvott has petitioned the police over the alleged harassment of the rape victim who is from Shiroda. NGO chief Auda Viegas has sought early action in the matter. Patil said a police inquiry is under way.Naik, arrested in the rape case in April 2009, subsequently allegedly confessed to killing 16 women.His modus operandi was to allegedly woo spinsters from lower income groups and on the pretext of marrying them, getting them to 'elope' with all their gold. He would then take them to an isolated spot, strangulate them and sell their gold.So far, he has been convicted in three murder cases, acquitted in eight murder cases and is facing trial in the remainder six cases filed against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17512816", "title": "Vasco lad perishes in Margao accident", "text": "MARGAO: Siddesh Prabhakar Bhandari, a 26-year-old resident of Headland, Sada, Vasco, died after being run over by a PWD tanker near the Rajendra Prasad stadium, Margao, on Thursday morning.Police sources said that Bhandari, who was proceeding from Ravanfond on a motorcycle, was attempting to overtake the PWD tanker in front of him. However, he aborted the attempt on noticing an oncoming motorcycle but failed to steer clear of the tanker's path. The bike came under the rear wheels of the tanker and Bhandari died instantly.Margao police have detained the driver of the tanker, Domingo Fernandes, for interrogations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17515085", "title": "40% girls' kidnapping cases are of elopement: SSP tells HC", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday directed the senior SP (SSP), Patna, to monitor and solve all the cases of alleged kidnapping of girls expeditiously, including the case of a girl allegedly kidnapped from Patliputra Colony.A division bench of Justice Mihir Kumar Jha and Justice A N Trivedi passed the order while hearing a habeas corpus petition of Sajay Kumar Sinha seeking production of his daughter, who has been missing since July 3, 2012. A case of kidnapping was lodged against the partner of a private coaching institute in this regard.The SSP submitted a list of 185 registered cases of girls kidnapping in Patna district and said 40% of these cases were found to be of girls' elopement. He said, during investigation of the case related to the daughter of the petitioner, it was found that she had eloped for marriage with a partner of a private coaching institute, Amarendra Shankar Upadhayaya.Representing the SSP, standing counsel Ajay Bihari submitted that the petitioner had filed an affidavit that his daughter had called him (her father) over phone asking \"why the police was after them (Upadhayaya and his family members). You do not care for me. I will file a case of an attempt of honour killing against you as you want to kill both of us.\"Expressing faith in the SSP, the judges asked him to solve at least 75% of the rest of the cases with reasonable effort of the police soon.The court directed the SSP to file a detailed affidavit before the court on January 3, 2013, with further development in the unsolved cases as well as the development in the 40% of the cases that were found to be cases of elopement of girls, including the petitioner's daughter case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17514914", "title": "National Commodity and Derivates Exchange to train execs with IIM-A help", "text": "AHMEDABAD: National Commodity and Derivates Exchange ( NCDEX ) has collaborated with Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) to offer a management programme for senior executives on 'Commodity Risk Management', from December 7-9, 2012 at the IIM-A campus.The programme throws light on how corporates and commodity value chain participants can successfully navigate the current commodity market situation by embedding effective risk management throughout their organizations.This programme will provide senior management an exposure on the nature and extent of such risks at their firms and the tools that enable these risks to be managed effectively.The focus of the program will be to take cognizance of the risks and enable the establishment of appropriate risk policy that can lay down the level of exposures permitted at an operating level, with necessary controls and reports to ensure the same.M K Ananda Kumar, chief-corporate services says, \"We have received an encouraging response from the industry. This strengthens our resolve to intensify these education efforts, which will not only create awareness about the need to hedge commodity risks but also build capacities in understanding how hedging can be done through commodity futures exchange.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514065", "title": "Caveat for drunk drivers in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you don't want to ring out 2012 in jail, you better not drink and drive. From December 21 to January 2, there will be 50 special teams with at least 4,000 officers on duty till the early hours to check drunk drivers.Even one peg can land you in jail or lead to suspension of your licence, so beware. Over 6,000 have been imprisoned for this offence in Delhi this year.\"We will be patrolling all arterial roads in the capital such as Ring Road, Outer Ring Road, GT Road, GT Karnal Road and Najafgarh Road. Focus areas will also include places outside pubs, farmhouses and restaurants. Most accidents this time of year are caused by drunken driving and we are not taking chances,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said. Anyone with 30 mg/100 ml of blood alcohol content can be booked as per law.This year, 2,869 cases have resulted in imprisonment. Licences of 2,179 motorists have been suspended. Most drunk drivers (7,411) were nabbed in south Delhi. North Delhi is next where 4,709 drivers were found drunk. Central, west and east Delhi have recorded prosecutions of 3,143, 4,159 and 1,595, respectively.Drunken driving is punishable under Section 185 of Motor Vehicles Act where violators can be fined Rs 2,000, sentenced to six months in jail or both. Repeat offenders can be fined Rs 3,000 and/or jailed for up to two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17514477", "title": "Kudubis' meet starts tomorrow", "text": "Mangalore: Leaders and representatives from 84 villages or 'Vaalya's of Kudubi tribe will meet to take stock of elements of their intangible cultural heritage such as traditional knowledge, skills and expressive culture that embody their Identity in a two-day workshop at World Konkani Centre, Shaktinagar from Saturday. Organized by Karnataka Rajya Kudubi Samaja Sangha, Kudubi Koodukattugala Okkoota, Dakshina Kannada Zilla Kudubi Seva Sangha and Kompadavu and Kudubi Samajoddhara Sangha, Udupi district, the workshop will also focus on preparing a developmental roadmap for the community for the next five years. The workshop is supported by World Konkani Centre in tune with the UNESCO convention on safeguarding Intangible cultural heritage (ICH) which encourages widest possible participation of the community in all levels of Safeguarding of ICH of a particular community. The workshop is also part of KONTACH an initiative under Vision TVM of World Konkani Centre which aims at empowering Konkani speaking communities by helping them prepare roadmap for integrated development of the community and at the same time encouraging them to safeguard elements of their intangible cultural heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512562", "title": "Lobo: Relax coastal development rules to boost tourism", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute MLA and North Goa district president of the BJP Michael Lobo on Thursday said that the government should consider a change in panchayat regulations in case of coastal villages to allow more development of infrastructure to support tourism.\"Converting coastal panchayats to municipalities will not serve the purpose. They can be awarded some kind of semi-urban status to allow development as we need to strengthen infrastructure for tourism. There is an urgent need to change the FAR in case of village panchayats, so that hotels can expand to at least five floors as compared to the present three floors,\" Lobo said.He said that he is set to discuss the issue with the chief minister and the panchayats minister shortly.Addressing mediapersons, Lobo said that the BJP has already begun work to strengthen its voter base for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. \"The parliamentary elections are nearing and the preparations to enroll more members and strengthen the BJP's voter base have begun. We will win these elections by more than 60,000 votes,\" Lobo said.The BJP formed booth committees in all of the party's 821 booths and also constituted 20 mandal committees. \"The committees will work to help all Goans irrespective of their party affiliations to avail of benefits of government schemes, especially Laadli Laxmi and the Dayanand Social Security scheme,\" Lobo said.The committees will also spread awareness about the availability of different schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17514386", "title": "Photo expo to mark 60 yrs of assembly from today", "text": "Mangalore: 'Vidhan Sabha 60', a two-day pictorial exhibition of 60-years of the state legislature will come alive to connoisseurs and watchers of democracy at the Ravindra Kala Bhavan of the University College here from Friday.Arranged by the department of information of the state government, the exhibition will seek to provide a quick snapshot of various important milestones in the journey of the state government in the past six decades. N Prakash, deputy commissioner will inaugurate the exhibition in the presence of Lakshmi Narayana Bhat, principal of the college. The exhibition will have more than 250 photographs on display. These include photograph of the first meeting of the people's representative held in 1942 and swearing in ceremony snaps of incumbent chief minister Jagadish Shettar from the archives of the department. The photo exhibition was held for the first time at the Vidhan Soudha to mark the diamond jubilee celebration of the state legislature in Bangalore. Taking note of the overwhelming response to the exhibition, it was arranged at Chitrakala Parishat in the state capital for the second time. The third and the fourth time that these photographs were exhibited were at the inauguration of the Suvarna Soudha in Belgaum and at the Mysore Dasara. Regarded as the seat of power of the state government, the then Prime Minister Jawahara Lal Nehru laid the foundation stone for the Vidhan Soudha. In 1973, the then chief minister D Devaraj Aras unveiled the map of unified Karnataka state on the steps leading to the Vidhan Soudha after the state was renamed Karnataka following the reorganisation of states on linguistic lines. All these and other moments from the state's history is up for viewing. The visit of the architect of Indian Constitution B R Ambedkar to Bangalore, the historic SAARC meeting held in the state capital, photographs from the first state legislature session held in Belgaum, all India speakers' conference, visits of various heads of nation and other prominent individuals such as Bill Gates , and photographs of all chief ministers, speakers, governors and other important dignitaries of the state too will be displayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "tura", "code": "17513033", "title": "Tura appeals for peace with music", "text": "Tura: More than a thousand heads sporting featherd-headgears nodded in appreciation as youths strummed the indigenous bamboo instrument, the \"chiring\", to usher in peace in strife-torn Garo Hills on Thursday at the Winter Festival organised by the government along with some NGOs.The chief minister, Mukul Sangma, also played the chiring at the Chandmari Grounds, a perfect venue for the peace initiative which saw several people dying in police firing a few years ago. Despite the grim reminder of the gory past, the mood on Wednesday was celebratory.With assembly elections drawing near, militant violence has also gone up here. But that did not cast a shadow either on the festivities. \"I loved it. We hope more such events are organised in the future,\" said Kalsin Marak, one of the students who played the chiring.\"I am tired of violence and militancy. We Garos are peace loving people. It was a great moment for us as we could showcase our music to the world,\" gushed Tenagchi Sangma, a high-school girl, who, along with her friends worked up a mind-blowing melody on stage.In an extension of the peace campaign, hundreds of locals took to the streets of Tura depicting their art and culture through floats. They did not miss the opportunity to drive home the message of peace. \"Live and let live!\" proclaimed a placard held aloft by a youngster as the cultural procession wound its way through the streets of an otherwise sleepy town.\"Shoot me with camera, not guns!\" screamed another placard displayed by a girl.Clearly, this scenic town was tired of bloodbath and violence and desperate for peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17514397", "title": "College student killed in freak accident during escape bid", "text": "CHENNAI: A 19-year-old student of Pachaippa's College was crushed to death after he was caught between the compound wall of a police station and an MTC bus while he was about to flee from the bus after creating a ruckus on Thursday evening. Later, police recovered a knife from his bag.Police said E Mathiazhagan, a son of a contract labourer was among the group of students from Pachaiyappa's College which boarded the MTC bus (57F) plying between High Court and Karanodai, at Moolakarai. The students, started singing songs and banging against the bus, causing nuisance to the other passengers.\"Some passengers complained. But they continued with the nuisance and some broke a few bulbs inside the bus,\" a policeman said.Bus driver Janakiraman asked them to behave, but the students would not listen. The bus driver then decided to drive to the Puzhal police station on the main road.Afraid that they would be detained by police, some of the students started jumping out through the windows. Four of the students escaped.The bus was taking a left turn into the Puzhal police station premises when Mathiazhagan jumped out, but he was caught between the bus and the police station wall. Passengers shifted a profusely bleeding Mathialagan to a nearby private hospital, but by then he had died.Police shifted the body to Stanley Medical College Hospital for postmortem.Apprehending trouble from some student groups, police deployed extra forces at the Puzhal police station, Stanley hospital and Pachaiyappa's College.Madhavaram traffic investigation police are interrogating the bus driver.Pachaiyappa's College has been at the centre of several violent incidents this year, as its students clashed with those of some other colleges as also with police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513981", "title": "Less-sound East funds 40 projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi Municipal Corporation, the least financially well off, among the three corporations, has taken up more than 40 new projects. Many of the projects will be funded from government schemes like NRHM and JNNURM. For each sector -- sanitation, health and education -- new proposals have been mentioned in the budget, which are not even taken up by its counterparts.The corporation which started with a deficit despite a Rs 490 crore loan from Delhi government has been able to boost its revenue and take up projects. One of the things that sets East corporation apart from other corporations is the fact that it has been able extract funds from the government under various schemes.\"For a lot of health proposals like establishment of International Inoculation Centre, geriatric clinics at SDN Hospital, funds from NRHM will come. The corporation has received around Rs 30 crore from this scheme,\" said S S Yadav, commissioner, East Delhi Municipal Corporation. The corporation will also set up its own anti-rabies vaccination centre at a cost of Rs 80 lakh.In the education sector, while the other two corporations turned down the proposal to give Aakash tablets to students due to their tight financial position, the East corporation has kept a provision of Rs 1.22 crore. It is also planning to rope in corporate houses and NGOs to take up schools to improve the quality of education and the environment.To create awareness among the residents and educate them of the civic services they can avail, digital display borads will be set up on the corporation buildings like headquarters, zonal offices, big hospitals. For this a provision of Rs 10 lakh has been earmarked.In the infrastructure sector, two mini stadia and one indoor games complex will be developed in Mukesh Nagar at a cost of Rs 18 crore.For providing better civic services, the commissioner has proposed to create more zones. \"At present there are only two zones providing services to over 20 lakh citizen and handling 64 wards. But it is felt that to reach to the residents more zones will be created should be created,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514790", "title": "Punwire scam: 3 acquitted", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an over 12-year-old Punjab Wireless (Punwire) case, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) special court here on Thursday acquitted three men. These included a former senior official of Punwire and two senior officials of Chandigarh State Cooperative Bank (CSCB).They were earlier held guilty of fraud by unscrupulously getting loans worth Rs 11 crore sanctioned in the name of Punwire in 1998 and using the money for their personal gains.As per the case, there were no guarantees and the entire loan was sanctioned in haste, in a span of only 23 days.The court acquitted them on Thursday as the investigation agency could not gather enough evidence against them. The chargesheet was filed in this case on August 30, 2003. Now-liquidated Punjab government-run company Punwire was a profit-making company for nearly 20 years since its establishment in 1975. The firm had an expertise in wireless communication technology and it had shot into limelight for setting up a communication link between Dakshin Gangotri (Antarctica) and New Delhi. However, the company was shut down in the late 1990s after a multi-crore scam was unearthed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513837", "title": "CID in dock over firing report", "text": "KOLKATA: The CID, which is investigating the police firing in Nadia's Bogula in October last year, has given a clean chit to the accused officers although it had told the high court earlier that it would be filing a chargesheet.It was the first police firing in the Mamata Banerjee regime. A 28-year-old mother of two was shot dead during a clash over a Puja immersion on October 7, 2011.In their final report filed in a Ranaghat court on August 17 this year, CID held that the complaint against the four police officers was a \"mistake of fact\" and pleaded that the accused cops be discharged from the case.The matter was brought to the notice of Calcutta high court on December 3. The HC directed CID to explain the reasons for their plea by December 14 and is likely to take it up the next day.The victim's husband, Rathin Mullick, had earlier moved high court seeking a free and fair inquiry.On July 17, 2012, the CID's standing counsel Sanjoy Banerjee told the court that a chargesheet would be filed against the accused police officers. He said he had \"obtained the instruction from additional director general-I, CID, and the chargesheet shall be filed against the accused within a month.\" But later, the CID filed a plea in another court seeking that the cops be let off.Rathin, a Congress worker, told TOI on Thursday: \"Police had lodged a case of culpable homicide against the four officers. I went to court (under 156 (3) CrPC)seeking a fresh probe because how can a cold-blooded murder be termed a culpable homicide? I had been informed by my lawyers that the CID will file a chargesheet. However, I was later told they've filed the final report. I was taken aback. The HC will hear the matter again on December 15.\"Senior counsel Sekhar Basu and advocate Saurav Chatterjee brought this to the notice of HC again on Monday, urging the court to seek an affidavit from CID.On October 7 last year in Bogula, a Tata Sumo had suddenly veered into a crowd of immersion revelers and was allegedly beaten up by police. The locals objected to it and in the melee, it is alleged that police fired two bullets. The second bullet hit Rajeshwari in the chest killing her instantly.Police first lodged a case against some locals for attacking them and damaging public property. Later, they filed a case, suo motu, against four police officers for culpable homicide. Rathin filed a petition seeking that it be treated as a murder investigation. When the CID told the court that it would file the chargesheet, the court didn't interfere in the investigations.Congress Nadia district leader Bimal Biswas, who is helping Rathin with this case, alleged that the OC was present on the spot. \"This has been borne out in several eyewitness reports. How can they all be lying together? Is the CID is trying to save the accused officers?\" he asked.Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said, \"It is really unfortunate that CID is merely a political tool of the chief minister. It happened during the Left regime and the same thing is being repeated now.\"The state had also ordered a magisterial inquiry into the firing. It appears this enquiry report cannot be accepted because of a technical flaw. A police officer has to be formally appointed as an \"associate officer\" during the probe but it wasn't done, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516780", "title": "Goodwill of people, only wealth I have: Raj Babbar", "text": "Raj Babbar lost his father, just days before his son's wedding in Jodhpur creating an awkward situation for both the girl's and boy's families. However Raj ji admits that it was his son's future in-laws who offered to postpone the wedding in the light of the bereavement in the Babbar family.Says the softspoken actor-politician, \"It was very nice of them to offer to postpone the event when so much of preparation had already gone into the event. All the guests had been invited, a lot of money was spent. We felt awkward even to ask for such a thing (the postponement of the wedding). I didn't have the heart to suggest a postponement. I instead suggested a very quiet wedding. But they are very cultured and understanding people. They suggested that we push the wedding date ahead because of the death. It was most gracious of them.\"Raj Babbar agrees the postponement was a big blow to both families. \"But the relationship between a grandfather and his grandson is very special. Arya was very attached to his grandfather. His Dadaji was a diabetic. So his legs had gotten weak. He promised to attend Arya's wedding saying, \" Main physio-therapy kara raha hoon. Tere shaadi main daud jaaonga .\" After the death I never said anything to the bride's family. They decided to voluntarily push the wedding forward. Luckily the bride's family has a lot of understanding relatives and friends.\"As a son Raj Babbar is at a loose end at the moment. \"He was 84. Whatever the age, a father is a father. And his going away is a big loss. I suddenly feel older.\" Ironically Raj will be seen in what he calls the funniest film of his career at a time when the family is slipped into mourning. \"Life goes on and so does the laughter. In Khiladi 786 I have a very funny role. I've never done broad comedy since Tajurba (with Smita Patil ) in 1981. So I am doing comedy after three decades.\"Raj says it wasn't difficult because every actor was in the mood of gaiety. \"I am happy with the film and my role. I enjoyed doing it. When I was dubbing I was laughing more than speaking my lines. We were all swept into the comic design. Everyone had to be flamboyant. I have always been a subdued actor. Adapting myself to this new style was an interesting challenge. When Himesh Reshammiya narrated my role over the phone I had readily agreed to do it. Himesh is a good friend. I can never say no to him.\"Says the politician-actor, \"I try to be a good human being. Over the years the only wealth I've accumulated is the goodwill of the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17515134", "title": "RMC stops Aadhaar card registration till Dec 18", "text": "RAJKOT: Following an order from general administration department of state government, Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has suspended its registration process for Aadhaar card in the city. The registration was being done for Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI).RMC officials said registration for Aadhaar cards will not be done from December 6 to 18 as officials will be busy in poll duties.Aadhaar is a 12-digit individual identification number issued by UIDAI that will serve as an identity proof. Any individual, irrespective of age and gender, who is a resident in India and satisfies the verification process laid down by UIDAI can enroll for Aadhaar card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517199", "title": "Rumours don't bother Karisma Kapoor", "text": "Actress Karisma Kapoor says rumours about her personal life do not stress her because they are part of any celebrity's life.The 38-year-old is caught amid speculations that her divorce with industrialist husband Sanjay Kapur is almost on the verge of being finalised. But Karisma is unperturbed with such news.\"I don't give importance to rumours. They are part and parcel of anyone's life who is a known personality,\" Karisma told IANS.Don't they stress you?\"No! It is all part of life,\" said the mother of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514763", "title": "Southern sectors devoid of parks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to the development of the parks, the phase III of Chandigarh seems to be witnessing a step-motherly treatment from the administration.Sectors 48 to 56 and 61 were developed under phase III by the administration. The municipal corporation has not developed even a single park in Sector 50, where the children play on streets and break the windowpanes of vehicles. Neither do they have a separate area to play nor the residents have anywhere else to park.Even Sector 52 has a similar problem with the only green belt in dilapidated state and no park for the residents. K L Banga, president of resident welfare association (RWA) of Sector 52 said the lights in the greenbelt do not function and there are no benches there to rest. Sector 55 RWA president S S Cheema said they even wrote to the MC to level the ground, so that it could be converted into the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17515297", "title": "Mud throwing at UK mission upsets India", "text": "LONDON: The Indian high commission in London is considering lodging a firm protest with the British foreign office about yet another failure on the part of the London metropolitan police to provide protection to its premises. This was conveyed to TOI on Thursday by a reliable diplomatic source.Earlier in the day, a group of unruly protesters armed with horns, megaphones and pots and pans descended on the entrance of the diplomatic mission, depositing a substantial quantity of mud at the main entrance of the building so as to block access. They demanded the Indian government debar mining at Niyamgiri in Odisha, India.Soon after the incident, Indian diplomats summoned the London metropolitan police's diplomatic protection force to express its \"displeasure\" and seek an explanation. The police said they are looking at video footage to identify the trouble makers. The high commission's security officers are assisting them in this task.An organization calling itself Foil Vedanta, quoted an activist named Samarendra Das as saying, \"Vedanta should be de-listed from the London Stock Exchange and taken to court here in Britain.\" Vedanta could not be reached for a comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513148", "title": "Two held for farmer's murder", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Mohanlalganj police caught two of the three accused in the murder of an influential farmer of Gaura village Gyanendra Singh on Thursday morning. Accused Nanha Pasi and Jagjeevan Pasi were caught on Thursday morning from the same village. Vermanand Pasi, the third accused in the case, is still at large.The trio allegedly killed Singh after a spat in Mohanlalganj area on Monday night. Singh was drinking with the three when a heated argument took place. In fit of rage, the trio hit Singh with a stick and escaped, said the police adding they had also recovered the stick used as weapon of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514833", "title": "Longer use ups cancer drug effect", "text": "New Delhi: A massive 15-year-long international study, with significant contribution from Indian doctors has found that the most common drug against breast cancer - Tamoxifen, used in women with ERpositive (oestrogen receptor-positive ) breast cancer, significantly cuts deaths and also reduces recurrence of the cancer, if taken for a decade rather than for only five years - the current standard of care.A finding published by the Lancet on Thursday will change the standard treatment protocol that has been in place for nearly two decades . Among all new cases of breast cancer in India, nearly 40% are ER-positive breast cancer cases. Tamoxifen is usually given daily for 5 years after the cancer has been removed surgically. This substantially reduces the breast cancer mortality rate not only while treatment continues, but throughout the first 15 years after diagnosis. The new study, known as Atlas, included 12,000 patients from about three dozen countries.Dr Vinod Raina, chief of medical oncology at All India Institute of Medical Sciences who coordinated the study in India said \"nearly 3,000 or 25% of the subjects in this study were from India . Around 30 Indian centres were part of the study.\"When tamoxifen is given for upto five years, reduction in death rate and recurrence rate is 30%. If given beyond five years, we found there is further reduction in death rate and recurrence rate by 50%,\" he said In this trial, an international group of researchers , led by Christina Davies from the University of Oxford found that continuing Tamoxifen for 10 years rather than stopping at five years further reduced rates of recurrence and breast cancer mortality.Starting from entry to the trial at year five , the risk of recurrence by year 15 was 21.4% in those allocated to continue tamoxifen, compared to 25.1% in the control group. Mortality during years 5-15 was also significantly reduced, being 12.2% in those continuing Tamoxifen compared with 15% in the control group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513790", "title": "Congress leaders lobby for LS nomination", "text": "PUNE: Following the recent visit by party observer, city Congress leaders have started lobbying for nomination, even as the next Lok Sabha elections are a good 17 months away.Last month, All India Congress Committee observer Kewal Singh Dhillon held several rounds of meetings with political leaders, elected representatives and party workers to discuss the possible candidate for the Pune Lok Sabha seat.While Dhillon is believed to have submitted his report to the party high command, jittery leaders have started hectic lobbying for the party's nomination sensing that it might opt for an 'outsider' as party candidate.Sitting MP Suresh Kalmadi , who was suspended from the party following his arrest in April last year in connection with the Commonwealth Games scam, has already announced that he would contest the LS elections from Pune. Sources said the Kalmadi camp is busy mobilizing support of state and central leaders to get his suspension revoked. However, the anti-Kalmadi faction has strongly opposed the move. City leaders, including MLC Mohan Joshi, former minister Balasaheb Shivarkar and Anant Gadgil, have staked their claim. Also, MLC Sharad Ranpise, among others, have expressed their willingness to contest the LS election. Kalmadi supporters want the Congress high command to support him as, they said, he is the only leader who can lock horns with Sharad Pawar and the NCP in Pune. Pawar wants to dominate the political scene in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad and only Kalmadi can stop him, they said.A senior Congress leader said, \"We have urged state president Manikrao Thakre not to get an outsider to contest from Pune.\" The party should nominate a candidate from city. If needed, the city Congress will join hands, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17514710", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcFDI key in ship-building\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Ship-building firms from countries such as South Korea need to be persuaded to invest in India to help the country emerge as a major presence in the industry, Indian Maritime University (IMU) vice-chancellor Prof G Raghuram said.He also emphasised the importance of subsidies to ship building firms. \"The government first provided subsidy, then took it back. Many shipyards in the country are under-utilised due to lack of subsidy,\" he said while addressing an international conference-cum-exhibition TechSamudra-2012, organised jointly by IMU and the Institution of Naval Architects here on Thursday.However, he expressed optimism that engineering talent, reasonable quality and lower price could make the country a successful ship-building nation. Competition between ports in cargo handling should also be encouraged to reap benefits, he added.Explaining the importance of maritime experience, he said 90 per cent of world trade takes place on the seas. Maritime resources include fishing, aquaculture, non-meat based food, oil, ocean floor resources is relatively unexplored. For most countries, maritime security and safety are an integral part of maritime dominance.Infrastructure, investments and ports minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao said there was ample potential for maritime investment as the country hopes to create a port capacity of 2.5 billion metric tonnes.Gitam University chancellor Prof K Rama Krishna Rao, TechSamudra-2012 organising committee chairman Prof S C Misra and secretary Ramesh were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17514692", "title": "Compton on Chef: He's tough, unflappable", "text": "KOLKATA: Amidst all the talk about India's chances of avenging the 0-4 washout against England in home conditions and the demand for turning tracks, Alastair Cook presented a calm and distance that may easily have been misconstrued as confusion. Particularly in the light of the enormous task he had been handed after the sudden retirement of skipper Andrew Strauss .Deep into a daunting Test series in India, the Essex opener is proving his mettle \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both as a leader of men and a strategist. Beating India at their game and in their own backyard is not something many teams have achieved.You might, of course, want to say that his red-hot form with the bat is doing no harm. At the Eden Gardens on Thursday, as England rode another century from their skipper to work themselves to a strong position in the third Test, Cook, called 'Chef ' by teammates, helped himself to some personal milestones that spoke for his class and commitment.'Leading from the front' found a fine example in Cook as he has now scored a century in all five Tests that he has been at the helm, three coming in the ongoing series in addition to the two he scored in Bangladesh in 2010 when he had to stand in for Strauss. His 23 Test centuries are the maximum scored by an England batsman. Wally Hammond, Geoffrey Boycott , Colin Cowdrey and Kevin Pieterson are in the next bracket with 22. When Cook completed 7,000 runs in Tests, he became the youngest to do so at 27 years, 348 days.Nick Compton , who put on 165 with his skipper for the opening wicket , has had the best seat in recent times. \"Standing up there and looking at all those stats, it was quite amazing. I'm thinking, 'I'm batting with this guy and he's just got another 100',\" Compton said after the second day's play.\"He's found his feet at such a young age and he's still young. Batting with him in some ways is similar to batting with Trescothick at Somerset. They are different players but how clinical they can be with every delivery. Cook makes very few mistakes, every ball is played in a similar fashion; you see the ball release and you know what he's going to do, time and again. The forward defence, the sweep shot... That's the mark of a seriously good player. He's very clear with his game plan and has loads of confidence,\" said Compton, grandson of former England star Denis, saying how that confidence rubs off on other batsman. \"If you can just stay with him, you're doing a good job. Unflappable would be a way to describe him. He's tough, you know. I've really enjoyed the time I spent out there with him,\" he added.India's fielding coach Trevor Penney was all praise for Cook's batting, but he did water it down by pointing to the let-offs he has enjoyed.\"He's right up there and he's at the top of his game,\" Penney said, adding: \"He's getting the breaks, a dropped catch or an lbw or something, in these last three games and he goes on to get the big ones. That's his strength.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518056", "title": "Aman Verma is addicted to cold coffee", "text": "Actors have unique food and drinking habits. Actor Aman Verma who is currently seen in Khul Ja Sim Sim and is also busy doing a film called Haarey Ka Sahara has a unique addiction for cold coffee.He wants cold coffee with all his meals. He neither smokes nor drinks. He says, \" I drink a lot of cold coffee. I have this addiction for a long time. The only time I was away from coffee was when i had gone for a reality show in the jungle. Every day I consume at least five to six glasses of cold coffee. I enjoy each and every sip of it,\" says Aman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514484", "title": "'Time for India, Pak to stop blame game'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistan senate chairman Syed Hussain Bokhari said here on Thursday that there was a wrong notion in India that relations with the neighbouring country improve only when a dictator is in power there.Bukhari is leading a delegation of seven Pakistani senators\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthree of them Hindus\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto India at the invitation of vice president Hamid Ansari on a goodwill visit aimed to \"create better understanding\" of each other.\"There is this misconception that only under a Pakistani dictator or military can relations improve with India,\" said Bokhari, shortly after his visit to both Houses of Parliament here. \"It is under people's representatives accountable and answerable to the people that Pakistan and India have embarked on a reengagement process,\" he added.\"The democratic constitution of Pakistan had been polluted at times by dictators but the power now lies with Parliament and it shows the commitment of Pakistani leadership to strengthening parliamentary democracy,\" said Bokhari, adding that the civilian government is keen on having better ties with India.Bokhari said that despite the \"very unfortunate\" Mumbai attacks; it was time for the two countries to stop making allegations and counter-allegations against each other to facilitate the ongoing process of reengagement between them.\"Allegations are not going to help; even in our country people talk about what India is doing in Balochistan or Kashmir or alleged violation of the Indus Water Treaty but it is not enough to merely agitate and not find solutions to issues,\" said Bokhari adding that Parliament in Pakistan had to \"play the role of an oversight\" in the functioning of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17515250", "title": "Four arrested in building fire case", "text": "SURAT: Four persons were arrested in connection with the fire on November 12 at Union Trade Center building located on Ring Road putting the lives of more than 70 people at risk. Khatodara police had registered a complaint against the owner Sunil Shah, president Suman Agarwal, secretary Devendra Gheewala and treasurer Shreyas Shah. They were arrested on Wednesday and produced before a local court on Thursday, which gave them bail.Police officials said the fire had erupted in the building due to short circuit in the electrical panel on the ground floor. The whole building was covered with glass from outside. This stopped the fumes from going out of the market, making breathing difficult for the people trapped on the seventh floor.Fire brigade personnel broke the glass and rescued the trapped people and also simultaneously brought the fire under control. Fire brigade officials noted that the outer cover of glass on the building could prove to be a hindrance to human life and that the building did not have proper ventilation system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513168", "title": "West Bengal stall owner dies in Aashiana hospital", "text": "LUCKNOW: A businessman from West Bengal lost his life on Thursday afternoon at Lucknow Mahotsav, allegedly due to lack of medical facilities. Bappa Sircar (31) was running a jute stall at Mahotsav along with his brother when he complained of sudden chest pain. His brother ran from pillar to post at help centres and outposts set up by district administration inside the Mahotsav area, but did not get any help.With the help of other traders who have set up stalls, Sircar's brother took him to a private hospital in Aashiana area where Sircar died while he was being treated. The absence of an ambulance in the Mahotsav proved fatal for him, said a police official.In a separate incident, a body of an unidentified man was found hanging from mango tree in Mampurbana area in Bakshi ka Talab on Thursday morning. The villagers who had gone to the mango orchard to attend nature's call in the morning saw the body and informed the police. The villagers suspect that the man, believed to be in late 30s, must have been killed and hanged from the tree by assailants as committing suicide from the tree seemed unlikely. The police have sent the body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513506", "title": "Kalyan seeks meeting with Gadkari, return to BJP soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former UP chief minister Kalyan Singh is likely to meet Bharatiya Janata Party president Nitin Gadkari between December 10 and 15 to decide the date for formal return to the party. BJP leader Rajnath Singh had claimed here on December 1 that Kalyan would return to the party between December 10 and 15.Meanwhile, Kalyan's close aides told TOI that the former CM had in fact asked senior state BJP leaders to fix his meeting with Gadkari between the two dates.After his meeting in the presence of senior leaders Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Misra, Lalji Tandon and state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi, Kalyan is likely to decide the date for return to the saffron fold. The reunion will take place in a formal function expected to be held in the state capital. Speculations on Kalyan-BJP reunion had been doing rounds for past several months.Even Kalyan admitted meetings various BJP leaders in this regard. Despite the deal sealed between him and the BJP, the much-awaited reunion has got delayed due to some or the other reason.But, with Kalyan now seeking an appointment with Gadkari, his return to the saffron fold could just be weeks away, sources said. The former CM will also merge Jan Kranti Party, which he formed after leaving the BJP for the second time before 2009 Lok Sabha elections.As part of the BJP-Kalyan deal, the latter will be made the national vice-president along with a respectable post for his son Rajveer Singh in the state BJP. Rajveer is presently the president of Jan Kranti Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513768", "title": "GSLV's next launch in April: Veeraraghavan", "text": "PUNE: Director of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC) P S Veeraraghavan has said that the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) is well on course to launching its GSLV space mission with indigenously built cryogenic engine in April 2013.\"Most of the systems for the launch are ready and we are now into the final leg of certain tests, which will validate the mission involving indigenous cryogenic engine,\" Veeraraghavan told reporters on the sidelines of a seminar on 'Aerospace and related mechanisms' here on Thursday. The Thiruvananthapuram-based VSSC is the lead centre of ISRO for development of satellite launch vehicles and associated technologies.The GSLV mission's first flight, 'D3', using ISRO designed and built cryogenic engine, had failed in April 2010 due to the malfunctioning of fuel booster turbo pump. The launch vehicle was carrying a 2,200 kg GSAT-4 payload.\"We did a thorough analysis of the D3 flight and identified the reasons behind its failure,\" Veeraraghavan said. \"The analysis called for a redesign of certain components in the cryogenic propulsion system and the same has now been addressed and is being put through multiple testing,\" he said.\"Most tests have been completed except for the high altitude test, which validates the mission of our cryogenic engine. We hope to complete this and launch the GSLV mission by April 2013,\" Veeraraghavan said.Asked about the Chandrayaan-2 lunar mission, Veeraraghavan said, \"The immediate focus is on the launch of the Mars Orbiter Mission that is expected to happen in October/November 2013. We have to ensure that the launch happens by the targeted slot. Otherwise, we won't get a slot for another two years,\" he said. India plans to send a spaceship near Mars and collect important scientific information as part of the orbiter mission.He said, \"Chandrayaan-2, which is a joint programme with the Russian Federal Space Agency, has been delayed due to some major reversals suffered by Russia in their launch vehicles, including their mission to Mars, last year. The Russians have decided that they will give a lander, which is the most complex of the Chandrayaan-2 elements, only after flying the same at least once.\"Initial plans chalked out under the joint programme, provided for the launch of Chandrayaan-2 by using a Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV), in 2014. It includes a lunar orbiter and a lunar rover to be made by the ISRO centres and a lander built by the Russian space agency.The mission will use and test various new technologies and conduct new experiments. The wheeled rover will move on the lunar surface and will pick up soil or rock samples for on-site chemical analysis. The data will be sent to earth through the Chandrayaan-2 orbiter.Veeraraghavan said, \"Developing high temperature thermal protection system; new materials with lower weights, higher strength, guidance and control; and air-breathing propulsion system are major challenges in the efforts to reduce the cost of launching a space mission. For now, the cost of launching 1 kg of payload into an orbit is $ 20,000 and very few countries can afford that.\"He said, \"Ongoing efforts in the US, Europe and India are aimed at reducing this cost initially to $ 2,000 per kg payload and eventually to $ 200 per kg payload. This requires good quality high temperature thermal protection system, particularly for situations like a hypersonic re-entry where the material has to take very high temperature and load.\"\"The VSSC is working on the next variant of GSLV Mark III launch vehicles that will make India totally self-reliant in the area of launch vehicles, Veeraraghavan said. The centre is further working on development of resusable launch vehicles that can deliver a spacecraft into the orbit and return for a repeat use. This will bring down the cost of space transport.\"Nearly 450 delegates from premier research labs, defence and academic organizations and industry are participating in the seminar that will address some of the current issues related to aerospace mechanisms that are critical for satellite launch vehicles, spacecraft, missiles and combat aircraft, among others. The Armament Research and Development Establishment (ARDE) is hosting the event, organized by the Indian National Society for Aerospace and Related Mechanisms (INSARM).Baba Kalyani , chairman and managing director of Bharat Forge; Prahalada, vice-chancellor of the Defence Institute of Advanced Technology; George Koshy, national president of INSARM; Anil Datar , director of ARDE and several other prominent persons were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518165", "title": "AnyBody Can Dance: Why Remo chose to go 3D with ABCD", "text": "Choreographer-director Remo D'Souza says he chose to make his dance film \" ABCD - AnyBody Can Dance\" in 3D because he wanted to portray a very common thing as dance in a very special manner.\"I could have made it a normal film, but I chose 3D because you see dance everyday. In India, every other day something happens around dance, at home or on the TV. So how could I portray it as something different? That was the reason I went with 3D because I had to show dance in a new way,\" the 38-year-old said.\"When I started writing the film, I knew I will make it in 3D and I wrote the script keeping that in mind,\" he added.Remo says there was a time in Bollywood, when dance-based films and musicals were not uncommon. He just wanted to revive that.\"I always wanted to make a dance film. This is the only genre which has been in Bollywood since the days of black and white films, but then it got lost for many years. Initially, such films were ' Navrang' and 'Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje' and they were all musicals. Other genres took over and no one touched it again,\" Remo said.\"I always had this in mind that when I start making films, I will make a dance musical film. I did not get that chance initially,\" he added.\" ABCD - AnyBody Can Dance \" is said to be India's first 3D dance film. It features Prabhudheva, Kay Kay Menon, Ganesh Acharya, Dharmesh, Salman Yusuff Khan, Mayuresh and others. The film hits theatres Feb 8 next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512881", "title": "Garbage crisis can be solved in 24 hrs: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The message was loud and clear. If all concerned put their heads together, the garbage problem in Bangalore can be solved in less than 24 hours, the Karnataka high court observed on Thursday.A division bench comprising Justice N Kumar and Justice B V Nagarathna said, \"All of us have contributed to it. We have to extend our full support to the BBMP in clearing garbage. From next time, you all should file one comprehensive report .If everybody puts their heads together, even 24 hours is not required. You are in the habit of setting up single window agencies for other matters. In fact, this issue requires such an agency.\"The bench was specially constituted by the chief justice to hear a batch of PILs on the garbage problem.Compliance report by Dec 13\"It is the responsibility of the BBMP to keep the city clean. How and where they take the garbage is their problem.The government has assured full support to BBMP in this. An opportunity has to be given to the BBMP in this regard. They have to function in single minded devotion.If anybody obstructs, they should be put down in accordance with law,\" the bench said in its order while seeking a joint compliance report by December 13 on measures taken on the various orders passed by the court so far.\"You can put these messages at the beginning or during breaks so thatthe people get educated\" the bench said.The court asked the BBMP counsel how many trucks were being used to transport garbage.The counsel after consultation with officials told the court that a total of 600 trucks are being used to transport garbage with an average capacity of about 8-10 tonnes.\"You say 4,000 tonnes of waste is being generated. You have 600 trucks. If each trucks can carry 10 tons on an average, it works out to 6,000 tonnes. So what is the problem ?\" the bench queried.Superseding will not helpThe bench also did not agree with petitioners who sought to supersede the BBMP for failure, saying it was not a solution. \"Superseding is not a solution at all,\" the bench said while emphasizing that the state cannot plead helplessness. When petitioners drew the attention of the court on waste generated by hotels and choultries (bulk generators).The bench asked the BBMP not to show any mercy upon hotels and choultries (bulk generators) by merely issuing notices. Additional Advocate General K M Nataraj submitted a status report indicating that two plots - a 476-acre one at Arudi in Doddaballapur and another of 600 acres at Thogarikatte in Koratagere taluk of Tumkur district have been identified for landfill sites. He also assured the court that adequate police protection will be accorded to BBMP in clearing/transporting garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513885", "title": "Ornaments worth 1.8 lakh stolen", "text": "PUNE: In separate incidents gold ornaments worth Rs 1.80 lakh were stolen by suspects posing as policemen. The incidents took place at Kothrud and Chinchwad on Wednesday afternoon.The first incident took place at Mohannagar in Chinchwad around 11 am. Shobha Prakash Sonde (52) was on her way home, when two persons posing as policemen stopped her. They told her that their senior officials had asked them to request women to not wear a lot of gold when going out. \"Believing them, Sonde removed her gold bangles and chain. On the pretext of helping her, the duo fled with her ornaments worth Rs 1 lakh,\" said A R Shaikh, sub-inspector of Pimpri police station.The second incident took place at Bharatinagar on Paud Road. Two men posing as policemen stopped Manda Marne (55) and told her that there was police checking going on and she should remove her gold ornaments. Then on the pretext of helping her, the duo fled with her ornaments worth Rs 80,000, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17517720", "title": "Modern day fuel alternatives for nations keen on becoming energy independent", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the surge in interest in alternative fuels for vehicles, the US Energy Policy Act of 1992 has identified, in all, eight alternative fuels. Contemporary life is closely associated with the need to reduce risk and enhance dependability. Concern for a swiftly-depleting environment has also triggered a parallel interest in the emergence of alternative fuels. The aim is to notch fewer vehicle emissions that contribute to smog, air pollution and, concurrently, global warming. Procuring alternative fuels is preferred by most nations keen on becoming energy independent.The eight alternative fuels suggested are:Propane (Liquefied Petroleum Gas)Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) is predominantly a byproduct of natural gas processing and crude oil refining. In its naturalised state, it is a colourless, non-toxic gas that comprises 90 per cent propane, 2.5 per cent butane and higher hydrocarbons and a remaining balance of ethane and propylene. To this, in order to enhance safety, an odorant is added to help detection. Propane, in comparison to petrol / gasoline, can lower carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide and other toxic emissions. It has been used in the United States as a fuel for transportation since the '40s. Of late, vehicle manufacturers offer a range of light and medium-duty propane-powered vehicles with two separate fuel systems permitting them to run on either propane or gasoline. Automobiles can also be converted from gasoline to dual fuel modes and use propane to help lower carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide and non-methane hydrocarbon emissions.MethanolMethanol has a host of benefits that drivers derive from its high performance and safety benefits. Vehicles tend to employ M85, a mixture of 85 per cent methanol and 15 per cent unleaded petrol. Even used as a substitute for diesel, Methanol is available as M100.Interestingly, most vehicles opting for methanol are fuel-flexible which means they can use 100 per cent petrol instead of methanol if needed. Methanol is a toxic, colourless, tasteless liquid with a very faint odour and is stored and handled like petrol. Though it is presently being made from natural gas, it can also be made from a range of renewable sources such as wood, coal and biomass.Methanol's advantages include lower emissions, higher performance and lower risk of flammability than petrol. There is a downside to the use of methanol though. It produces a high amount of formaldehyde in emissions. However, since methanol can easily be made into hydrogen, attempts are afoot to overcome barriers in using methanol as a hydrogen fuel source. California, being the largest energy user in the world, has clearly displayed its preference in favour of methanol as the best candidate for replacement of petroleum-based fuels.Alcohol-based ethanolAlcohol-based ethanol, made by fermenting and distilling crops such as corn, barley or wheat, can be blended with petrol in order to increase octane levels and boost the quality of emission.ElectricityElectricity is used as a transportation alternative fuel for battery-powered electric and fuel-cell vehicles. Battery-charged electric vehicles store power in batteries that are recharged by plugging the vehicle into a standard electrical source. Vehicles that are fuel-cell run on power produced through an electrochemical reaction triggered by a combination of hydrogen and oxygen. Fuel cells are known to produce electricity without combustion or pollution, thereby cutting down on environmental damage.Hybrid and plug-in electric vehicles can have significant emissions benefits over conventional vehicles. The emissions benefits depend on the model of vehicle and type of hybrid power system being used. Where electric vehicles are concerned, there are zero tailpipe emissions and where plug-in hybrid electric vehicles are concerned, they produce no tailpipe emissions but only when in all-electric mode.The vehicles have the benefit of flexible fueling: They can be charged overnight at one's home, the workplace or at public charging stations. Hybrid electric vehicles have added flexibility, because they can also refuel with petrol or diesel as and when necessary. In the future, both the types can take advantage through solar panels on a rooftop.HydrogenThere's an alternative in Hydrogen which when mixed with natural gas, helps create fuel for vehicles using a certain kind of internal combustion engines. Fuel-cell vehicles that run on electricity produced by a petrochemical reaction also use hydrogen and oxygen combined in the fuel 'stack.'Biodiesel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515461", "title": "Farmhouse caretaker's 'killers' sent in judicial custody", "text": "GURGAON: Four accused were produced in a city court on Thursday for allegedly killing a farmhouse caretaker on Monday night. They were sent in 14 days' judicial custody.The victim was allegedly beaten up badly by the accused when the victim went to another farm house for taking drinking water.The accused are identified as Amit, a native of Jharkhand, Dinesh, a resident of Aligarh in Uttar Pradesh, Akhilesh and Kaku, natives of Bihar.The victim was identified as 45-year-old Ramashankar Rajbhar, a native of Siwan in Bihar, who was working as care taker in Aggarwal Farm House near Harsaru village. Late on Monday night the victim went to another farm house to take drinking water, because the ground water of Aggarwal farm house was not good for drinking.The workers of another farm house deemed him as thief and beat him up badly. When he got critically injured, they identified him and rushed to a private hospital where the victim died after some time. The accused slipped away from the hospital in night.On Wednesday, the Sector 10 police arrested the four accused of murder from Gurgaon railway station, when they were trying to flee from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513582", "title": "3 Vadodara entrepreneurs to represent India at CAAYE summit", "text": "VADODARA: Three young entrepreneurs from the city have been selected for the first summit of the Commonwealth Asia Alliance of Young Entrepreneurs (CAAYE).CAAYE was formed in November last year as a joint initiative of the Commonwealth Youth Programme-Asia Centre and Young Indians (Yi), the youth wing of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).It functions as a 'network of networks' of young entrepreneurs from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Singapore, Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Brunei and Maldives and the organizations that support them.For the forthcoming summit that will be held on December 14 and December 15 at Mumbai, Yi Vadodara chapter chair Kartik Shah, national co-chair (healthcare) Anish Patel and chair (learning) of Yi Vadodara chapter Pranav Bhavsar have been selected to be part of the summit from Vadodara.Bhavsar said he is excited to be representing India at this flagship, historic gathering of 200 of Asia's best and brightest young entrepreneurs from eight member countries of Commonwealth-Asia.\"The format is very unique with several opportunities for us to explore B2B opportunities within the region, see excellence in action during the field visits to six diverse sectors and listen, learn and be inspired at the capstone event which will include a galaxy of speakers from government, industry, youth enterprises and the bureaucracy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17514449", "title": "Mangalore University suspends sociology professor", "text": "Mangalore: Mangalore University on Thursday suspended Anitha Ravishankar, associate professor, department of sociology, following her arrest by the Lokayukta sleuths. She was caught red-handed while receiving a bribe of Rs 5,000 from a PhD student on Tuesday. The disciplinary action against Anitha follows a report submitted by the Lokayukta sleuths to the university authorities, who earlier on Wednesday had stated action would be taken after the receipt of the official report. \"Since she was in judicial custody for more than 48 hours and we received the report (from the Lokayukta) in the afternoon, orders were issued suspending Anitha,\" officials in the university told TOI. Anitha, who was the warden of the girl's hostel on the Mangalagangothri campus, has also been relieved of her post. Shashirekha, warden of working women's hostel has been given additional charge of the hostel till further orders, officials added. Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy, who confirmed the disciplinary action taken against Anitha, said the Lokayukta sleuths have already sealed her official room in the department and the keys have been handed over to the chairman of the department. Not willing to go into the merits of the case, the vice-chancellor however admitted that an individual's act had needlessly cast a slur on the fair name of the 32-year-old university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517824", "title": "Moore displays bizarre behavior partying with Lenny Kravitz", "text": "Demi Moore let her hair down, grinding to the music and swiveling in her seat, while partying with Lenny Kravitz in Miami on Wednesday night.For once, Moore just didn't care who saw her, as she let loose at Chanel's beach party, knocking back Red Bulls and grinding on the dance floor as cameras flashed, the New York Daily News reported.Partying with pals Kravitz and Stacy Keibler , Moore appeared somewhat unhinged - at one point pulling her hair over her entire face, as she posed for a photograph.In another shot, the mother of three swivels in her seat, legs splayed as she grooves to the music next to a slightly amused Kravitz.Moore, clad in a short, gray jumper, clung to the singer throughout the night, despite reports that her new beau, 26-year-old art dealer Vito Schnabel was also at the party.\"They are definitely a couple,\" a source told E! News of Moore's relationship with the much-younger Schnabel.But the actress is \"more down to party than Vito,\" the source said, and spent the night grooving on the dance floor.\"She was the most ready to party than anyone else in the room,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513835", "title": "Man held for entering Trinamool leader's house", "text": "KOLKATA: A man, Dipanjan Dutta, from Suri's Duttapukur was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly trespassing on the property of Trinamool Congress district president Anubrata Mondal. The accused also reportedly threatened Mondal. TNNAccording to a complaint lodged with Bolpur police station by the personal security guards of Mondal, a group of six to seven people broke into the house of Mondal at Nichupatty area in Bolpur on Wednesday night. Soon, a scuffle broke out between the trespassers and the security men.Phiroj Pal, the government lawyer of Bolpur court, said: \"According to the complaint, an unknown person made a call on Mondal's cellphone on Wednesday night, which was received by the security guards. The caller wanted to meet Mondal, but the security men didn't allow that. At around 11.30pm, a group of six to seven persons, including Dipanjan, reached the house on a private vehicle and broke into the private area forcefully. When the security men tried to resist them, they abused and assaulted the guards.\" Though they left after sometimes, Dipanjan was identified after tracking the cellphone number. Later, he was arrested.The Bolpur court has sent him to four days' police remand. The charges brought against the accused are - trespassing, preventing the government servants (security guards) from discharging their duty, abusing, common intention for committing harm and threatening among others.Mondal said, \"On Wednesday night, someone had called on my cellphone which was received by one of my security man. The caller wanted to meet me. As I was asleep, my security guard told him to come later. After a while, some miscreants raided my house, assaulted the security men and threatened me of dire consequences.\"When asked whether the accused were known to him in any way, Mondal said: \"I never saw them before.\"Meanwhile, Ramaranjan Chatterjee, the chairman of Suri Trinamool Congress Committee, said, \"Dipanjan is a known worker of our party. He had actively worked in several party programmes, including the last polls. As far as the last night's incident is concerned, I have to find out the details. Law will take its own course.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518635", "title": "Sarpanch Bhagirath muhurat graced by Udaydada Laad", "text": "The muhurat of Marathi film 'Sarpanch Bhagirath' was organised recently in Mumbai. Udaydada Laad inaugrated the movie. It is the debut venture of Shivkumar Laad Productions and is directed by 'Survata' fame Ramdas Phutane. 'Sarpanch Bhagirath' is based on the story by Aasaram Lomate. The film stars Upendra Limaye and Veena Jamkar in lead roles, also stars Dr. Mohan Agashe and Kishor Kadam. Shahir Sambhaji Bhagat will debut as music director with this film.On the occasion producer Shivkumar told, \"It was my dream to produce a film and I was waiting for such nice subject. When Ramdas Phutane narrated the story, I liked it very much and decided to make the film with the story. Shivkumar Laad is very much interested in politics as well as sports. He is president of Maharashtra Carom Association and vice president of Mumbai City Kabaddi Association.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17513473", "title": "Tai students' agitation against ST status denial", "text": "JORHAT: The All Tai Ahom Students' Union (Atasu) on Thursday carried out a statewide agitation against the state government's failure to include six ethnic communities of Assam in the Scheduled Tribe list.Atasu activists burnt the effigy of chief minister Tarun Gogoi and registrar general of India in all district headquarters of the state.The organization has upped its ante against the government a day after an assistant registrar general of India informed a delegation of the six communities that they have failed to fulfill their required conditions to get ST status for which they could not be included in the ST list.The six ethnic groups are Koch Rajbongshi, Moran, Chutia, Matak, Ahom and tea tribe. They have been demanding ST status for more than two decades.At a meeting held in New Delhi on Wednesday with AGP MP Kumar Deepak Das and All Koch Rajbanshi Students Union adviser Biswajit Rai, assistant registrar general of India Pratibha Kumari said due to lack of sufficient information and evidence provided by the state government on the six communities, ST status could not be given to them.She made it clear that it has already been informed to the Assam government.''The assurance made by the chief minister and his cabinet colleagues to take steps on the declaration of ST status was only a mockery of truth. The latest comments of the assistant registrar general confirmed the state government's failure and we believe they had made only false promises to us in the past two decades. We have been neglected and deprived from getting proper status from the government,\" said Atasu adviser Aswini Chetia.He added, \"Today, we burnt the effigies of chief minister and registrar general of India in all district headquarters of the state in protest against the government's failure and to seek immediate inclusion of six communities in the ST list.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17516492", "title": "Heavy police deployment on Babri demolition anniversary", "text": "KANPUR: The 20th anniversary of Babri Masjid demolition passed off peacefully here amid heavy deployment of security forces and strictly implemented prohibitory orders on Thursday.DIG Amitabh Yash told TOI that security was tightened at all important places to check unlawful activities. There were no reports of any untoward incident from any part of the city, he claimed. Heavy deployment of RAF and PAC personnel was made in Chamanganj, Nai Sadak, Beconganj, Parade, Shrinagar, Bansmandi, Bajariya, Naubasta, Barra, Gujaini, Gwaltoli, Patkapur and Babupurwa localities and the people were prohibited from congregating anywhere in the city.Normal life in the industrial town remained unaffected and markets and other commercial centres were bustling with activity as usual. District administration officials took rounds of sensitive areas, vital installations and religious sites the entire day. A senior district official said, \"Officials of magistrate rank remained on round-the-clock vigil in and around the sensitive areas and vital installations. We had deployed several contingents of PAC and RAF personnel as part of the special security arrangements.\"\"I saw no reason to close our shops,\" said Kashif, an egg wholesaler in Chamanganj. Mustafa, an auto-mechanic, said, \"There was no hype this time by members from both the communities because it won't serve any purpose and only vitiate the peaceful atmosphere.\"Meanwhile, some sections of Varanasi witnessed silent protests against the incident in the form of closure of shops and business establishments.The effect was evident at Naisadak, Dalmandi, Beniabagh, Chowk, Pilikothi, Badi Bazar and other markets which wore a deserted look. On the other hand, tight security arrangements were made at Dashaswamedh Ghat where Shiv Sena activists conducted a yajna. SP City SK Singh was also present to keep trouble mongers at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17518626", "title": "IOC says newly elected IOA office-bearers have no legitimacy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The International Olympic Committee has refused to recognise the elections conducted by the suspended Indian Olympic Association, saying the \"so-called\" office-bearers have no legitimacy.The IOA went ahead and conducted its elections despite being suspended by the IOC and the world body has now even threatened legal action.\"The suspended Indian Olympic Association is no longer entitled to exercise any activity or right conferred upon it by the Olympic Charter or the IOC,\" the IOC Director General Christophe De Kepper said in a strongly-worded letter to the IOA.\"The IOC does not and will not recognise the so-called 'elections' which the suspended Indian Olympic Association decided to conduct in violation of the IOC directives.These so-called 'elections' are null and void and the so-called 'elected office-bearers' have no legitimacy to claim to represent or act on behalf of the suspended Indian Olympic Association in any capacity whatsoever,\" he added.The IOC said that the \"so-called elected office-bearers\", including new President Abhay Singh Chautala and Secretary General Lalit Bhanot, will not have access to the IOA funds.\"...they are not entitled to access the suspended Indian Olympic Association's bank accounts and the funds of the Olympic Movement. The IOC reserves the right to take any legal action against any misuse of the remaining Olympic Movement funds which may still be available on the account of the suspended Indian Olympic Association,\" the letter said.\"There is no change concerning the current office-bearers of the suspended Indian Olympic Association, with Mr. ( Vijay Kumar ) Malhotra as Acting President (provided he does not act against the IOC directives) and Mr Randhir Singh as Secretary General of the suspended Indian Olympic Association,\" the letter added.The IOC said defiance of the IOC directives will make it tougher for the IOA to come back into the Olympic movement.\"It is regrettable to note that by continuing to act against the IOC directives, the suspended Indian Olympic Association is considerably aggravating its situation,\" it said.In a major embarrassment for India, the IOC had on Tuesday suspended the IOA because of government interference in its election process.The IOC said that it decided to ban India as the IOA had failed to comply with Olympic Charter and also allowed a tainted official to contest elections for a top post.The decision was largely expected after the IOA decided to go ahead with the elections on Friday under the government's Sports Code, defying the IOC's diktat to hold the polls under the Olympic Charter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17513657", "title": "CPF demands ban on palm oil import", "text": "KOCHI: Coconut farmers demanded an increase in support price and the ban of palm oil through south Indian ports.\"In order to help the farmers survive the price fall, the government should sell coconut oil through the public distribution system. Supply of two kgs of coconut oil to each card holder could help increase the price of coconut,\" said, K D Musthafa, secretary of Vettom North Kera Karshaka Federation. He was part of the delegation of Coconut Producers' Federation (CPF) of Malappuram district who visited the Coconut Development Board's (CDB) headquarters in Kochi.The farmers also demanded the government to grant permission to the CPFs to produce 'neera', a sweet toddy. \"What we are going to do is to present these demands to ministers and the members of parliament and state legislative assembly from Malappuram district,\" Musthafa said.Between the eight CPFs of Malappuram, there are 6,991 members, and the total yielding palms owned by them are 4.5 lakh, producing 3.1 crore coconuts annually. Average productivity in the district is 71 nuts per palm, which is considered to be the highest in the state. The district also boasts of the maximum area of coconut plantations.However, the district earns only Rs 12.7 crore from coconut sale at the current price of Rs 4 per nut. \"If we get Rs 10 per nut, we could barely survive,\" he said. According to him, at the current price, the average loss of a farmer would be Rs 27,225 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516809", "title": "Sudeep's next with RGV", "text": "The Naan Ee actor made a whirlwind trip to Chennai to be the chief guest at his friend Shaam's 6 audio launch. Talking to CT, Sudeep revealed that he is now taking it easy till March 2013 when he starts his next flick \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with none other than friend Ram Gopal Varma .\"This is a movie that we would like to release in four languages \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi,\" reveals the actor.As for the script and storyline, he says he trusts RGV and will know it just before they start shooting. Sudeep is yet to sign on any straight Tamil flick but tells us that he's been looking at scripts.Meanwhile, he's looking forward to the cricket tournament of celebs that is kickstarting in February 2013 in Kochi. \"We will start practicing rigorously for that soon,\" signs off the avid cricket buff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17517384", "title": "Intel to launch smartphones starting at Rs 7,000", "text": "KOLKATA: US-based chipmaker Intel said it would develop smartphones with its chips, priced Rs 7,000 onwards, in India in partnership with handset makers.The touchscreen-based smartphones, based on Google's Android operating system, would be available in the market by the middle of 2013, Intel South Asia Managing Director, Sales and Marketing Debjani Ghosh said on the sidelines of INFOCOM 2012 here.In India at present, Intel has a partnership with Lava. 'Lava Xolo', which features Intel's mobile chip, was launched early this year.\"The first handset with Lava that we launched was a premium one. We learnt that it was important to have a portfolio and offer choice to the user. We will not have entry-level handsets but our smartphone range will be priced upwards of Rs 7,000,\" she said.Ghosh, however, did not divulge whether the partnerships would be with homegrown or International equipment makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513620", "title": "I owe everything to dance: Padma Bhushan awardee", "text": "VADODARA: Professor C V Chandrasekhar, the renowned exponent of Bharatnatyam , who spent 17 long years in Vadodara, teaching the classical dance form to numerous students at one of the few performing arts colleges here, at MSU, was travelling in a train when the news of Padma Bhushan being conferred on him at the age of 76 years, came to him last year.\"I almost experienced a heart stroke,\" says the ever smiling, jovial professor who settled in Chennai 15 years ago, but still commands tremendous respect in the city. He describes any visit to Vadodara as \"homecoming.\"Here to receive felicitation for Padma Bhushan from 'Ghargharika', the organization for performing arts, the great master articulated the \"greatest moment\" of his life when he was informed by his nephew about the award for his contribution towards classical dance. He asked him to reconfirm since there had been no inkling, nor had he asked anyone for recommendation. The excitement levels then shot up, \"My body started perspiring and there was a small pain in the heart which travelled through the left arm, and I said to myself, oh God, I have a stroke coming! But, then the congratulatory calls started coming.\"Since his family was not travelling with him, in his excitement to share the news he turned to the passenger sitting next to him. \"She was getting annoyed at the disturbance caused by my calls earlier. But the moment I told her, she jumped out of her seat and started clapping before announcing in the compartment that there was a 'celebrity' travelling with them. The word 'celebrity' had never sounded so good before,\" says the humble professor, who got the honour, years after he had made his name by doing several innovative things with the dance form.Though 77 now, the master continues to dance with same vigour with which he taught his students like Vadodara-based danseuse Rema Shrikant to excel. Last week, he performed in Amsterdam for an hour before a group of yoga practitioners. The secret of his youthful energy- \"That's because I believe that I am 'sattar (which means 17 in Gujarati) and not 'sehtar' (number 70),\" says the articulate man with equally expressive gestures which giveaway his professional leanings. Some calcium supplements too help in keeping the bones and cartilage strong and flexible.He could have been a Botany teacher having done his PhD in Botany while his wife Jaya, who is also an established danseuse, was already practising as a lawyer in Delhi courts. But, fate wanted them to turn their passion into profession which also gave them pleasure. Initially the going was tough.\"Being a male Bharatnatyam dancer, I heard many uncharitable comments- not aimed at my dance skills but on my being a male and dancing a classical form. One critic wrote 'he dances skillfully, but Bharatnatyam done by a man does not look natural'. At times, even I wondered, but thankfully, I did not change my direction. Today I owe everything to dance,\" says the professor, whose family is one of the rare ones where every member performs the dance form together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17513452", "title": "Over 20000 Bangladeshis overstayed in India last year", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even as the state is witnessing a campaign against infiltration from Bangladesh in the state, Union home ministry's statistics that over 20,000 Bangladeshis overstayed last year after coming to India with valid documents has raised the suspicion of many organizations who have alleged that there could be many foreigners in the northeast who managed to escape detection in Assam.Union minister of state for home affairs Mullappally Ramachandran told the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday that there are also reports of foreign nationals who have entered India without valid travel documents. He also conceded that as entry of such nationals into India is \"clandestine and surreptitious\", it is not possible to have a correct estimate of such immigrants living in different parts of the country.According to statistics, the minister stated in the parliament, 24364 Bangladeshis were found overstaying and 6761 of them were deported last year. Next to Bangladeshis, 13744 Afghan nationals were found overstaying and 43 of them were deported. Till December 31 last year, nine foreign nationals were detected for overstay in Assam and 1284 in Tripura, according to the minister. West Bengal accounted for the highest number of foreigners (22,665) who overstayed in the state last year. Delhi is second with 21,531 foreigners overstaying.Although the ministry did not specify the nationality of foreigners overstaying in Assam and Tripura last year, the porous border with Bangladesh and the vexed problem of influx have led anti-foreigners' organizations to accuse that lack of foolproof detection and deportation mechanism increased the possibility of many nationals from the neighbouring country staying in the northeast, particularly in Assam.In 2010, 28,667 Bangladeshis overstayed in different states and 6290 of them were deported. In 2009, 32644 Bangladeshis overstayed and 10602 of them deported from different states.\"Influx is a burning problem for Assam and also for the entire northeast. The figures from the ministry are only tip of the iceberg. Many Bangladeshis take advantage of lack of foolproof detection and deportation mechanism in our state and mingle with other citizens. Had there been sincerity on the part of the government, influx could have been easily curbed,\" said All Assam Students' Union general secretary Tapan Gogoi.All Assam Khilanjiya Musalmaan Jaamat president Sayed Muminul Aowal said overstaying of Bangladeshis only highlighted the fact that serious and sincere efforts needed to be taken to check infiltration. \"Many from Bangladesh do not want to go back to their country. This is a problem which has been plaguing the state for years. There are laws to deal with them. But sincere efforts are lacking,\" said Aowal.However, the ministry said the government has authorized 1882 border outposts (BOP) for India-Bangladesh and India-Pakistan borders, of which 1185 BOPs are for the India-Bangladesh border. Along with the use of latest technology, the ministry said of the 3117-km sanctioned for floodlighting, work on a stretch of 1179 km is over on the India-Bangladesh border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513843", "title": "Three killed in Howrah accident", "text": "KOLKATA: Three persons were killed after a truck knocked down two motorcycles near Mouris bridge on Andul Road on Wednesday night. under Sankrail police station.The victims, identified as Manasa Patra (50), Rajkumar Patra (19) and Samir Bag (21), are zari workers and residents of Domjur Mahishtala.Locals said five persons were returning home from work on two motorcycles and none of them was wearing helmets. from Sankrail at around 11 p.m on Wednesday.The three pillion riders were flung away on being hit by a truck. They sustained serious head injuries. While Patra was declared dead at the hospital, Rajkumar and Samir died on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17512481", "title": "Rs 45 lakh additional budget sanctioned for Kakatiya festival", "text": "WARANGAL: The state government has agreed to release additional budget for conducting the Kakatiya festival from December 21 to 23 in Warangal.On Thursday, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy held a high level meeting with ministers Geeta Reddy, D K Aruna, Ponnala Lakshmaiah, and B Saraiah at the Secretariat and took the decision to release additional Rs 45 lakh for conducting the festival. Because of the stalemate on the release of the budget, the Kakatiya festival which was supposed to be held last month was postponed to December 21.District collector B Rahul said the chief minister suggested that an international convention center be constructed at Warangal apart from the ones at Tirupati and Visakhapatnam.The district administration is planning to conduct the Kakatiya festival at Fort Warangal on Dec 21, at the Ramappa Temple on Dec 22 and at the 1,000-pillar temple on Dec 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17517254", "title": "Ashraf satisfied with security for Pakistan team in India", "text": "KARACHI: Satisfied by the security arrangements being put in place for the Pakistan cricket team in India, PCB chairman Zaka Ashraf said the much-anticipated series this month would also help improve the bilateral ties between the two countries.\"We are not worried about any security issues because we are certain that the Indian board and government will provide the best possible security for our players,\" Ashraf said.A PCB delegation, including a senior police official of the interior ministry, is currently in India visiting the venues of the two Twenty20 matches and three ODIs in December-January to inspect the security arrangements and coordinate other issues with the Indian authorities.Ashraf said he was confident that the players would be able to focus totally on their cricket and give good results despite the threats being reported in the media.\"I don't see this series as just a cricket series I see this series as something bigger. I would like it to eventually help improve relations between the two countries,\" Ashraf said.\"I want to see not only regular bilateral cricket relations with India but also better relations on other levels as well,\" he added.The PCB chief was also quietly confident that eventually efforts being made to convince other boards to send their teams to Pakistan would pay off.\"I don't want to take names but we are presently in talks with two or three boards trying to convince them it is safe for them to send their teams to Pakistan for a proper international series,\" he stated.Ashraf said even the ICC was keen to see international cricket return to Pakistan.\"It is difficult to give a time-frame for international teams to return to Pakistan but I see a scenario now where every board is waiting to see which board first sends it team to Pakistan,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17514782", "title": "Andhra University, UGC to help scheduled caste students deal with NET", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: With the noble intention of helping SC, ST and minority students deal with the National Eligibility Test (NET), Andhra University and UGC have joined hands to coach underprivileged students on the test and train them to deal with the paper, especially paper-1 which deals with general subjects.According to Professor U Veera Raju, UGC coordinator at AU, the two-month programme, which began on Thursday at the AU Arts College in the city, would prove to be a real boon for students who may not have the finances to take up coaching from a private institute.He pointed out that the programme, which had been lying on the back burner for over three years, was revived because of the growing realisation that many of the Net aspirants did not realise what was in store for them. \"With a desire to help them, the university management appealed to UGC for monetary assistance of Rs 3 lakh for the course and within less than a month it was sanctioned. The programme is now fully in progress.\"According to professor Raju, though only five students had applied so far, they were expecting no less than 50 to 60 students to participate in the programme. He further added, \"We later wish to extend this training programme to group-1 and group-2 aspirants, the plans are already in the pipeline.\"Net aspirants, however, are quite happy with the revival of the programme. P Sathya Babu a post graduate in history said, \"I did not know that the university was offering such a training programme, though I was later told they used to conduct such programmes a few years earlier. The revival of the programme will definitely help a lot of aspirants like me who otherwise cannot afford private coaching. At the end of the day all of us have to be prepared and at our competitive best, when appearing for an exam as important as the NET.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513587", "title": "Ambedkar memorial's admin building to house NIA office", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the Congress government of Maharashtra allotted a piece of prime land in Mumbai for the construction of a grand Ambedkar memorial, there are reports coming from reliable sources that the Samajwadi Party government in UP is all set to hand over the administrative building of the Ambedkar Memorial to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on rent.While principal secretary (housing), Pravir Kumar, could not be contacted, well-placed sources said that the smarak management committee of the department had prepared a proposal to hand over administrative building-1, opposite Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Prateek Sthal in Gomtinagar to the NIA.An official in the committee said that the finance wing of the district administration had already mooted a proposal to this effect. \"The rent would be based on the DM circle rate and as per the facilities available in the building,\" a committee official said. The three-storey building, constructed at an estimated cost of around Rs 20 crore, has all the facilities including air-conditioned swanky rooms.\"The building will be handed over to the agency with all the facilities as such and the rent would be taken accordingly,\" the official said. Sources said that the rent would be anywhere around Rs 300 per sq mt for the constructed area. The rent will be deposited in the coffers of the committee which maintains the memorials.It was only last week when UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav assured the Union minister of state for home, RPN Singh, of allotting a building to the NIA.Singh had said that land allocation for establishing NIA hub in Lucknow had already been completed, but the agency needed a temporary building for starting its functions immediately.This will be the second building to be handed over by the SP government for a work other than maintenance of memorials. The government has already given an administrative building of Ambedkar Parivartan Sthal for setting of women powerline.The administrative building-1 of the memorial at present is occupied by the employees of the maintenance committee, who keep a hawk eye on the memorial opposite the building. These employees, especially recruited during the BSP rule for the upkeep of the memorials, would soon been asked to vacate the building and pave way for NIA officials. Already, the state government has proposed to shift the safai karmacharis associated with the committee for other municipal works.Soon after taking over the reins of the state, Akhilesh Yadav had made it clear that the empty space and unutilised buildings in the memorials would be handed over for public use. The state government thus constituted a committee headed by Lucknow district magistrate to look into the possibility. The committee too had suggested allocation of the said administrative building to NIA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513674", "title": "AMRI fire: Toddler waits for mom to return", "text": "KOLKATA: Little Rishiraj waits for his mother to come back home every day. The boy was just two-and-a-half-years old, too young to understand why there was so much grief in the family after December 9, 2011. His mother Munmun Chakraborty (36) was a victim of the fire that claimed more than 90 lives at AMRI Hospitals Dhakuria on December 9, last year. A year down the line, the boy, who now goes to a play school, believes that his mother is still in the hospital.\"My son had visited his mother in the hospital. Munmun told him that she would have to stay in the hospital for a few more days as she was unable to walk due to a broken leg. These words seem to have stuck to his mind and he thinks that his mother is still in the hospital. It is difficult to make him understand that he has lost his mother forever. And how can I do that? I am still to come to terms that my wife is no more,\" said Munmun's husband Subhasis Chakraborty.For the Chakrabortys of Garfa, it's tough to overcome the dark memories of that night. are perhaps one of the worst affected by the devastating.With the young woman gone, Rishiraj and sister Shivamrita (11) have been deprived of the loving care of a mother. The cruel twist in life has made Shivamrita matured beyond her age. \"My mother was my best friend. I miss her every day. There are times when I desperately want her when I have something special to share and I end up crying. But I cannot afford to cry in front of my brother lest that would make him sad,\" Shivamrita told TOI. Despite her tender age, the Class-VI student of a reputed school in Kolkata tries to 'mother' her sibling, so that the boy does not miss his mother.Munmun had broken her left ankle in an auto accident at Rashbehari Avenue a week before the fire. Though police initially took Munmun to SSKM Hospital, Subhasis shifted her to AMRI that night itself for better treatment. She was operated upon the next day. Doctors there advised her few more days' hospital stay.\"I was supposed to bring my wife back on the morning of December 9 itself. I was shocked jolted awake when I got a call from her at around 4.10am. She told me to rush as there was a fire at the hospital,\" recalled Subhasis.He reached the hospital within 10 minutes. By then thick black fumes had engulfed the hospital building. Subhasis dialled Munmun's number. She was coughing badly and could not speak. \"I kept pleading with the security guards and fire fighters to let me in. But none allowed me. I kept screaming at them to rescue patients, who were in the orthopaedic department as they were unable to move on their own. My screams and shouts were dimmed in the noise around,\" Subhasis said.Around 8am, when the fire fighters brought the body of Munmun down, Subhasis became speechless and broke into tears. she had already been suffocated to death.\"I could have accepted her death if she was suffering from a major ailment. She just had a broken ankle and would have been on her feet few weeks later.It was due to the negligence on the hospital's part. It's nothing less than Hitler killing people in a gas chamber,\" said Subhasis, as he broke into tears.Munmun's mother Anima Dutta has moved in to take care of the two children. But the grandmother is no substitute for a mother.\"I had never spent a single night without my mother before she got hospitalized. I last spoke to her on the previous night before the fire. My mom broke down on hearing me cry and consoled me saying that she would be coming home the next day. I know she would never keep that word because of no fault of hers. She would always be missed,\" Shivamrita said.\"My wife was the one who took care of everything in the house, including the children. They miss doing small things with their mother. These are the void that can never be filled,\" said Subhasis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513745", "title": "Three killed in Howrah accident", "text": "KOLKATA: Three persons were killed after a truck knocked down two motorcycles near Mouris bridge on Andul Road on Wednesday night. under Sankrail police station.The deceased, identified as Manasa Patra (50), Rajkumar Patra (19) and Samir Bag (21), are zari workers. Sources said they were returning to their home at Domjur Mahishtala from Sankrail after the day's work. from Sankrail at around 11 p.m on Wednesday.All five, riding on two motor cycles, were not wearing helmets. They were hit by a speeding truck and the three pillion riders were flung away. They received serious head injuries. Manasa Patra was declared brought dead at the hospital, while Rajkumar and Samir succumbed to their injuries on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lausanne/new delhi", "code": "17516563", "title": "AIBA suspends Indian boxing federation", "text": "LAUSANNE/NEW DELHI: In a massive jolt to boxing in India, the International Boxing Association has suspended the IABF alleging \"possible manipulation\" in its recent elections but the body has denied the charge, insisting that the process was \"transparent\".The development which has left the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) \"stunned\" comes within a few days of the International Olympic Committee suspending the Indian Olympic Association.\"Further to the International Olympic Committee's suspension imposed on the Indian Olympic Association, the International Boxing Association (AIBA) Executive Committee Bureau has decided today December 6 to provisionally suspend the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF),\" the AIBA said in a statement.\"This provisional suspension is also due to the fact that AIBA had learned about possible manipulation of the recent IABF's election.\"AIBA will now investigate this election and especially a potential political link between IOA President, as former Chairman of the IABF, and the IABF election,\" it added.During the September elections, outgoing President Abhay Singh Chautala, who was elected IOA President despite IOC's suspension, was retained in the body as nominated chairman of the body.The development now also puts a question mark over Chautala's election as IOA President since he came into the fray as an IABF representative. Interestingly, his brother-in-law and BJP MLA from Rajasthan, Abhishek Matoria, was elected as the new IABF President.Stunned by the suspension, Matoria said that the world body had been apprised of the election process in detail.\"AIBA had specific queries about the election process and we had explained to them that there was no manipulation. Those who got elected were unanimous choices and just because there was unanimity, the AIBA cannot allege manipulation,\" Matoria said.\"This is a provisional suspension and I am sure it would be lifted soon after we explain our stand to AIBA. If need be, I will personally go and speak to AIBA officials in Lausanne,\" Matoria said.\"Our boxers are not threatened by any repercussions for the time being because the next major AIBA event is quite far and the matter will be resolved by then,\" he added.The next AIBA event is the Junior World Championships in August next year, followed by the senior World Championships in October.A senior IABF functionary said that there might be a re-election.\"Let's wait and see. Maybe there would have to be a re-election in a proper manner with AIBA Observer being present,\" he said.In the September IABF elections, the body had been left in a fix after the sports ministry barred it from making constitutional changes that could have facilitated continuation of the incumbent set of office-bearers.Meanwhile, the AIBA's decision came as a bolt from the blue for the boxers, many of whom are in the national camp in Patiala.\"It is a sad day for Indian boxing and I can't understand how such a development can take place. I don't understand why the matter was not explained to AIBA,\" India's first Olympic medallist in the sport, Vijender Singh, said.The Beijing Olympics bronze-medallist was, however, hopeful that the issue would be resolved soon.\"The next AIBA event is quite far but hopefully we would not sit on it for too long and get the suspension revoked as soon as possible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17515173", "title": "Raipur to host 74th senior national table tennis tournament from January 7", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh Table Tennis Association has been selected by Table Tennis Federation of India to host its 74th edition of the senior national and inter-state table tennis championship this year.The mega event would be held at the Indoor stadium, Budhapara from January 7 to 12, 2013. With a total expense of Rs 60 lakh, the event would bring together participants from 32 states and institutions, said Kuldeep Juneja, president Chhattisgarh Table Tennis Association.Nearly 600 players including men and women would be in the state for the event with over 100 technical officers as the participants. Juneja said that they would be provided accommodation in various hotels located in the city.There would be a few prominent Olympians participating in the tournament including Soumyajeet Ghosh and Ankita Das from Siliguri. About 20 players from the capital both men and women would also be a part of the tournament.Juneja said that an amount of Rs 10 lakh would be distributed among the winners while Rs 2 lakh would be given to the winners and runners-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17515094", "title": "Lakshya on target, to meet Vaibhav in U-13 final", "text": "PATNA: Top seed Lakshya Sen defeated Krishna Prasad of Andhra Pradesh to set up an all-Uttarakhand final against Vaibhav Chauhan who tamed Delhi boy Kartikey Gulshan Kumar in the boys' under-13 semifinals of the 26{th National Sub-junior Badminton Championship at the Secretariat Badminton Hall here on Thursday.Ashwini Bhat K of Karnataka will meet Tanishq M of AP in the girls' under-13 final. Riya Mookerjee of West Bengal beat Shriyanshi Pardeshi 21-16, 21-14 to book a berth in the U-15 girls' final. She will meet the winner of the second semifinal between Santoshi Hasini R (AP) and Anura Prabhu Desai (Goa).Shubham Kumar of Bihar dashed the hosts hope after losing his quarterfinal match against Rahul Yadav C of AP 17-21, 10-21. Rahul will play Siril Verma of his home state in the boys' U-15 semifinal. Earlier, in the other group quarterfinals, top seed Chirag Sen got the better of Tapas Shukla of UP (21-11, 21-17) while Kanishq M of AP defeated Arintap Dasgupta of West Bengal 21-12, 21-10.All the finals will be played on Friday.Doubles results: (Boys' U-15 SFs) Rahul Yadav and Chirag Sen bt Mithun M and Raghu M 21-10, 21-12. Boys' U-13 SFs: Vaibhav Chauhan and Lakshya Sen bt Jagadeesh K and Charith K R 21-18, 21-8; Krishna Prasad and Satwik Sai Raj bt Orijit Chaliha and Pragyan Jyoti Gogoi 21-18, 21-12.Girls U-15 SFs: Akshita Bhandari and Shreya Bose bt Mahima Agrawal and Shikha Gautam 5-21, 21-15, 23-21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514036", "title": "Highrises to cramp mins' sprawling style", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) is planning to construct luxurious highrises for bureaucrats and ministers in the city by demolishing some of their spacious residences for development in Unit-I and Unit-II areas.At present the houses stand on sprawling lands -- only five to seven dwelling units per acre land -- in prime localities (mostly Unit-I and Unit-II), leading to wastage of land, according to a survey conducted by the project monitoring unit (PMU) of BDA. \"The PMU has proposed to make best use of the extra land by constructing multi-storied buildings. More dwelling units can be built on the same land and we also can get extra land,\" BDA vice-chairman Vishal Dev told TOI. \"Occupants will get the same comfort as they were used to in independent houses,\" Dev said.BDA plans to use the surplus land for community and recreation activities. \"We have planned to introduce a host of facilities, like shopping centres and parks near the highrises,\" he added.As per the plan, 50 dwelling units will be constructed per acre as against the existing five to seven. The PMU has decided to keep the high-end quarters along Capital Hospital-Sishu Bhawan and AG Square-Capital Hospital routes intact, however. \"Residences on those routes have been well maintained. Any disturbance to them will disgrace the city's beauty,\" a PMU employee said. \"Quarters existing on roadsides in good condition and free from encroachment by vendors have been proposed to be kept intact,\" he said.Palatial houses apart, the government has also planned to raze many small quarters of subordinate government employees in Unit-I and Unit-II areas. The row of small quarters have been lying in dilapidated and unhygienic conditions.While the concept of remodeled houses for government servants is still in a nascent stage, the government has identified 43 quarters to be demolished for the facelift of Unit-I daily market. There are about 850 houses of varying sizes in Unit-I area and 804 in Unit-II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17514818", "title": "'No records to distinguish public, private lands'", "text": "MYSORE: Congress leader and former mayor Vasu on Wednesday gave a new twist to the Chamundi Hills land scam arguing that there were no documents that specify public and private land at the foothills of Chamundi Hills. Referring to Kurbarhalli survey number 4 located at the foothills, which is mired in controversy, he said: \"There is lack of clarity on 'A' kharab (private land) and 'B' kharab (government land). I'd purchased land located on the Kurbarhalli survey number 4, which I later sold.\"Land issues in Kurbarhalli survey number 4, Alanahalli survey number 41 and Chowdahalli survey number 39 is at the centre of the controversy. Vasu, who was political secretary to Veerappa Moily when he was the chief minister, said KC Layout was developed by MUDA at Kurbarhalli survey number 4 following the intervention of Moily. A large portion of land was donated to the staff, who were attached to the Mysore royal family at the Kurbarhalli survey number 4. Following directions from the government, MUDA acquired the land and developed the layout. In return for their land, sites were allotted. For the record, Siddartha Nagar is also developed in the Kurbarhalli survey number 4, he said.According to him, survey of the land should be the first priority of the government. It'll establish many facts based on which the government can move, he told reporters. He disputed the report of Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi wherein she has said that there were no RTC for 449 acres. \"Where is the land? The revenue officials should locate that first.\"'MLC got CA sites through influence'Vasu accused MUDA of allotting CA sites without calling applications, which, he said, was a violation of the norms.Taking on BJP MLC G Madhusudana, who has said Vasu got CA sites influencing the state government, the chairperson of Vidya Vikas Educational Trust said his campus was built on his property and not on the CA sites as claimed. The Congress leader accused the urban body of using space earmarked for the construction of road, which was later allotted to the city-based educational institution of which the MLC was a honorary president. \"Madhusudana should explain this,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17512770", "title": "Vijai wants water problem sorted out", "text": "MARGAO: Following complaints from a large number of Borda and Margao residents, independent MLA Vijai Sardesai on Thursday gave the water department one week to solve the problem of acute water shortage that residents are facing, failing which he will lead an agitation on the streets.Addressing mediapersons on Thurdsay, Sardesai said that the master balancing reservoir located at Gogol used to pump water for eight hours to various places in Margao and Fatorda and that he found out that now, water is pumped only for four hours, and the rest diverted to Zuari agro chemicals.Responding to queries regarding his allegations that question papers for government posts were leaked, Sardesai said that despite him having exposed the same, oral interviews are taking place as scheduled and said that aggrieved candidates have no choice but to approach the courts. \"Is this a democracy, where the aggrieved citizens have no option but to approach the courts, given the callous and indifferent attitude of the state government?\" asked Sardesai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17514794", "title": "Eviction threat hangs over 581 families", "text": "Chikmagalur: The threat of eviction is hanging like the sword of Damocles over 581 families living since many decades in Kalasa hobli. The high court has directed the forest department to evict them within December 31. With the decades-old inam land issue still remains unresolved, the residents are now caught in a catch-22 situation. It was the kings of Mysore who donated 14,340 acres of land as inam land to Kalaseshwara temple which is known as Kashi of South India, in 1928. Out of that, 10,776 acres of land has been considered as gomal (non-cultivable) and karabu (wasteland). But the successive governments, without verifying land records, sanctioned this land for cultivation and a few acres of land were encroached. According to forest department records, 6,777 acres of land was considered as reserve forest, but no demarcation was done and erratically some acres were given for cultivation and some were encroached. Shakhara Shetty and a few others, who had filed public interest litigation in the high court, contended that forest land has been given for cultivation and according to the Supreme Court direction, no non-forestry activities should be allowed in the forest land. Though the single bench rejected their application, the forest department contested this in the division bench. On April 20 in 2012, the division bench, upholding the plea, directed the forest department to evict all the encroachment in the forest area and take possession of the land by December 31. The families residing in the area for decades moved the SC against this order, but it is yet to be accepted by the apex court. The review petition filed in the HC has not been heard and now the HC has asked the government to submit an action-taken report based on their 2012, April order. The forest department has issued eviction notices to all the encroachers. Recently, the deputy conservator of forest, Koppa division, has written to the chief conservator of forest, Chikmagalur circle, to request the HC to give one more year to evict all the encroachers. According to the forest department, of the 781 families who are cultivating in forest area, 126 are considered as tribals and they can continue there as per the Tribal Rights Act. In the case of other 581 families, a joint survey will be conducted by the revenue surveyors to mark the blocks before passing a final order. This may take another one year. Now, the forest department is trying to convince the court to give more time for eviction. Meanwhile, villagers at Devarabetta, Karimane, Kalkodu, Mavinakere, Talagodu and Thotaduru have started protesting against the move. They accuse the state government of not showing concern to take appropriate steps and convince the court to protect their interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512946", "title": "24-year-old attempts suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Ganeshpeth rushed a 24-year-old woman to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) after she consumed poison near Kumbhalkar college on Thursday morning.Seema (name changed) had got married around six months ago, but had been staying with her parents at Zingabai Takli. It is learnt that her husband works at a senior position in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh. Police sources said that Seema appears to be mentally disturbed. She had left home on the pretext of some work. Sources said Seema's family generally does not allow her to leave home due to her disturbed state of mind.Some local residents first spotted Seema seated near a school gate in the locality for around an hour. She was also spotted drinking from a bottle. She later drank water from a pouch. None of the locals paid her much attention at that time.Soon afterwards, she picked up her scooter and started heading towards the bus stand, but collapsed. Onlookers rushed to help the woman, who was vomiting by that time.Ganeshpeth police also reached the spot. Police contacted her family and summoned them to the hospital. It is learnt that Seema could not furnish a statement before the cops since she is critical. Police feel Seema consumed insecticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17515166", "title": "Man-eating leopard kills BMC plant guard", "text": "MUMBAI: In the fifth case of leopard attack in six months, a 55-year-old security guard at the BMC's Bhandup water treatment plant, located on the periphery of Sanjay Gandhi National Park, was killed when he went to answer nature's call late on Wednesday.The half-eaten body of Anthony Fernandes was found around Thursday noon following a search in the area adjoining the plant. The victim had been dragged almost half a kilometre into the forest before being killed. Fernandes, an employee of Diamond Security Agency for two years, had been deployed at the plant on contract basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17518193", "title": "Tamil Nadu govt hikes grant for Chennai Open", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to popularise tennis in the state, Tamil Nadu government on Friday sanctioned an additional Rs one crore for organising the Chennai Open scheduled later this month.A cheque for Rs two crore was presented to the Tamil Nadu Tennis Association (TNTA) President MA Alagappan by Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, a government release said.The state government hiked its grant to Rs two crore this year based on a request from the TNTA. The tournament will be held from December 31 to January 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17514989", "title": "Supply on the blink, power body says it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s helpless", "text": "LUDHIANA: Earlier, power cuts were mainly the bane of the summer. But now the Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd (PSPCL) has started imposing cuts in the winter, making it a perennial problem. In many areas, PSPCL is imposing cuts two to four times a day for half an hour to an hour.Neeti Malhotra from Country Homes pointed out that PSPCL is not allowing them to get comfort in any season. \"Three days ago, PSPCL resorted to power cut for 4 to 5 hours a day. Now, authorities resort to power cuts two to three times a day. Now that winter is upon us, we need to use appliances failing which we will fall ill,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514625", "title": "New rule fails to rein in violators", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rampant violations in building plans made by house owners in the name of \"need-based\" changes continue, prompting Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB) to pass a new rule, which requires submission of a latest inspection report by enforcement staff to prove that there is no misuse, if the property has to be transferred.Despite CHB issuing notices to violators of the original building plan, lakhs of city residents refuse to remove the extended construction, claiming that with growing family size, the changes are necessary. Except for conducting demolition drives once in a while, the CHB hasn't been able to check the violations. TOI takes a look at some of the common violations through out the city.Zonal norms: CHB zonal rule says one can build up a room in the courtyard with the condition that a 10 feet space has to be left open. The residents say that no CHB house has such a large courtyard wherein 10 feet of open space can be left after constructing a room. Gurjit Kaur of Sector 47 said she could only leave an open space of four feet after constructing the smallest room possible in her courtyard.Covering the balconies: Nearly 80% of the owners have covered their balconies. Most of the people getting notices are ready to pay the compounding fee. Krishan Mohan, residing in the MIG flats in Sector 45, said the houses according to the original building plan were suffocating with improper ventilation.Washroom on first floor: CHB has sent out notices to demolish such structures. Usha Sharda of Sector 47 LIG duplex had suffered a paralysis attack, and so, she can't go to the second floor of her apartment. For her convenience, she has a washroom constructed on the first floor. Usha is not the lone case, but hundreds of other house owners are being sent notices for constructing an extra washroom on the first floor.Garage extended beyond size: As per the rules, the garage length has a limit of 66 feet, which used to be sufficient to park small cars owned by people earlier. Resident welfare association general secretary Harbans Garg of Sector 45 HIG flats said these days every ones has long swanky cars and the garage needs to be extended by about four feet.Extending the passage area: Kamal Ahluwalia of MIG flats in Sector 44 went for a whitewash for the first time in 24 years, because there was no space to keep the article at home elsewhere. He could move the stuff from his house for whitewash only after extending the passageway by six foot. Hundreds of other owners have also increased this passage length. \"The houses planned decades ago do not suffice our requirements with the changing time. The changes are need-based and sending notices for the same is wrong,\" added Ahluwalia.Balcony at the backside: 70-year-old H C Ori, a resident of MIG flats in Sector 44, said he wanted some open space to soak the sun in his house during winter. As there was no other space, he got a balcony constructed at the backside of his house like many others. Now, CHB is sending notices to remove it. \"My balcony is not creating a problem to anyone, so CHB should stop harassing people with notices,\" added Ori. CHB residents' federation chairman Nirmal Datt said while the houses had been planned four to five decades ago, the family size, lifestyle and requirements of the people have witnessed a significant change. So, instead of sending notices, CHB should regularize the extended constructions wherever they aren't causing nuisance to others. The CHB officials, however, said that the board has been allowing certain changes, but as per the law, action will be taken in case of certain others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517104", "title": "Akshay Kumar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Khiladi 786 releasing today", "text": "Akshay Kumar- starrer Khiladi 786 has released today and the initial reviews and reports garner an average talk. Directed by Ashish R Mohan, Khiladi 786 is an action-comedy where Asin, the film's leading lady, will be seen as Marathi girl while Akshay Kumar will be seen playing his favourite screen character for the eighth time in the Khiladi series.Khiladi 786's early reviews say that the film hasn't been a great outing. The movie is produced by Twinkle Khanna, Himesh Reshammiya and Sunil Lulla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513787", "title": "Education minister Bratya Basu stresses inspection of schools", "text": "KOLKATA: Education minister Bratya Basu on Thursday discussed a slew of measure and instructed the district inspectors (DIs) of schools to implement them at the earliest.Emerging out of the back-to-back meetings, primary education board chairman Manik Bhattacharya said: \"We have decided to rationalize the student-teacher ratio. We shall now draw up a chart to know areas in which the ratio as prescribed under the Right of Children To Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, could not be implemented. Accordingly, teachers will be reassigned.\"He added: \"A panel of 15 persons comprising retired teachers will be formed to inspect schools and facilities in them. The teachers will be nominated by the state government and will receive an honorium. Every team inspecting the schools will comprise two retired teachers and a member from the DPSC.\"The minister has also instructed the board to hand over 5.5 crore books to children in 70,000 primary schools within January 2, which will henceforth be observed as the Book Day. \"It has also been decided that the minister and Manik Bhattacharya will tour each district to review the work,\" said a DI.The school education department is also preparing a short musical documentary featuring popular Bengali movie stars to lure students to enroll in schools. \"Aiming to make all children literate several other activities will be undertaken including hosting dramas and musical events in the districts.The DIs of secondary schools, however, were not lucky to only receive suggestions from the minister. They were rebuked for slow work in several areas. \"They have been asked to ensure prompt implementation of the projects undertaken by the department,\" informed another DI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17515268", "title": "Mom kills boy for not memorizing Quran", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin mother who beat her son \"like a dog\" for not being able to memorize passages of the Quran, has been found guilty by a British court of murdering him and setting his body on fire to hide evidence.Sara Ege, 33, a mathematics graduate from India, was found guilty at Cardiff crown court on Wednesday of beating her son Yaseen Ege to death at their home in Pontcanna, Cardiff, in July 2010 and setting fire to his body. She was also found guilty of perverting the course of justice at the court. Sentence was adjourned, the BBC reported.Sara also claimed at one point she believed the stick she used on her son had an evil spirit in it.The boy's father, Yousuf Ege, 38, was acquitted of causing Yaseen's death by failing to protect him, the Daily Telegraph reported.It was initially thought Yaseen had died in the blaze at the family home but tests later revealed he had died hours earlier.Sara had pleaded not guilty to murder and claimed her husband was responsible for Yaseen's death. Sara said she feared her husband would kill her and target her family unless she confessed to the murder.That confession, made to police days after the death of her son, was captured on video and played to the jury during the five-week trial. During the hour-long footage, university graduate Ege described how the young boy collapsed after she had beaten him while still murmuring extracts of the Quran.Sara said back then that she decided to burn his body and ran downstairs to get a lighter and a bottle of barbecue gel. In police interviews she also confessed to beating her son for no reason and that her anger often led to her being out of control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512945", "title": "VIDC ignores norms again, invites bids", "text": "NAGPUR: Once bitten twice not shy may be the norm for Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC). Even as reckless awarding of tenders to private contractors evoked a controversy, on which a white paper was issued, a week ago this agency once again invited tenders disregarding the norms.State's water resources department which governs VIDC had issued an order on October 31 specifically mentioning that no tender should be issued till the land required for the project has been acquired. However, despite the land not being in its possession, advertisements were published inviting bids for works valued at Rs18.32 crore cumulatively under the Lower Wardha dam project.The order which laid down other guidelines on issuing tenders was issued to streamline the procedure in VIDC. Too many tenders as against the availability of funds had led to the resources being thinly divided Now almost every project faces a fund crunch.The WRD feels it is advisable to acquire the land first and then award contracts, as the time taken in acquisition subsequently escalates the cost substantially from the original amount.Officials in VIDC on the other hand say it is impractical to follow the orders in totality. There is a pressing need to increase irrigation potential, said VIDC's executive director Prafulchandra Zapke. If the agency waits to acquire the land first, then the benchmark rates used for preparing tender estimates get revised. Even that increases the cost, he said.Contractors as well as sources in the department however, counter the theory saying that it hardly makes any difference. In any case the rates have to be revised as the escalation clause is evoked if the work is delayed on account of acquisition of land.In both the scenario an increase in cost is inevitable. The benchmark rates are changed on quarterly basis but escalation has to be effected on immediate basis. So at times the benchmark rates which take the quarterly average are lower than the escalation passed on to an existing contract, say sources.Contractors say this is the second time that these tenders have been issued. The same tenders were earlier issued in October after which the contractors' association had send a letter, saying that the pending bills should be cleared first. Following this the order insisting on prior land acquisition was issued.\"This is just a means to lure the contractors who are keen to gratify the officials for bagging a tender. However, payments to the tune of Rs20 crore for earlier works are pending in the very Lower Wardha project. We are planning to once again submit a formal objection against fresh tenders,\" said a contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17512524", "title": "Margao municipal council yet to conclude talks on cost of Sonsoddo waste plant", "text": "MARGAO: While operations at the solid waste management (SWM) plant at Sonsoddo are likely to kickstart on December 15, the Margao municipal council (MMC) is yet to conclude its negotiations with Fomento , the concessionaire of the project, over the issue of the cost of the plant that will have to be borne by the civic body.\"Fomento is yet to submit details of the cost analysis of the project to us. We have asked them to compute the cost based on the GSR (Goa schedule of rates) so that we are able to verify if the cost of the project is in variance with the initially estimated cost,\" chief officer of the MMC Srinet Kothwale said.The MMC is doing a review of the cost analysis of the project in view of the altered parameters of the project, before inking the addendum to the concession agreement. The draft addendum to the concession agreement is presently being scrutinized by the MMC's legal counsel.As per the original concession agreement, the Fomento-IL&FS; is to set up the SWM plant at a cost of 7.31 crore. Subsequent to the signing of the agreement, certain parameters of the project got changed. While the location of the plant was shifted to the 57,700 sq m of land adjoining the existing garbage dump, the new proposal for scientific capping of the garbage dump will do away with the necessity of segregating and treating the garbage dump. That apart, there have been some changes with regards to the conglomeration of firms constituting the concessionaire.\"Yes, negotiations are underway with the MMC over the issue of the cost of the project. One needs to understand that the SWM plant is not a profit-making venture of the Fomento. We have already incurred a cost of 15 crore on the plant and machinery. The work done on the project can easily be quantified and verified by the MMC,\" Sridhar Kamat, CEO, Fomento, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "17514875", "title": "Six jailed for duping 500 people of Rs 1.5 crore", "text": "BARNALA: Finding them guilty of extracting about Rs 1.5 crore from 500 odd persons for getting them appointed as watchmen in the Food Corporation of India (FCI), a local court has sentenced six persons to three years imprisonment. The court of Barnala additional sessions judge-cum-special judge BS sandhu has also imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 each to all the 6 accused.The Barnala police had in 2002 registered a case against several persons under various sections of IPC and prevention of corruption Act on the complaint of town resident Vinod Kumar. Kumar had accused the persons of duping them of money for getting them appointed as watchmen in FCI but had failed to get them appointed.The special judge, Barnala, had charged the accused of cheating Vinod Kumar and 500 others of Rs 1.50 crore between April 1999 and December 2001.Now, the court has sentenced Amar Nath Sharma, Amarjit Singh Chadha, Bhupinder Singh Walia, Surinder Singh Bhora, Varinder Sharma and Baghel Singh Jhaloor. One Tejinder Singh was acquitted by the court. Three other accused in the case, including Kirtan Singh Tohra and Malook Singh have already died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514644", "title": "Special classes for vagabonds to check crime", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A sudden spurt in the incidents of eve-teasing and snatchings involving youngsters has driven the Chandigarh Police to come up with an innovative method to transform their mindsets.Police have decided to target teenagers coming from down-trodden sections who are most vulnerable to petty crimes and drugs. These youths will be imparted a 45-day special teaching in various subjects by senior police officials and other eminent persons at the Sector 17 police station ground. Sector 17 cops started the work in this regard by convincing 40 such youths, who kept roaming in the commercial hub of the city all day, to attend the programme.\"We have observed a communication gap between the police and these children. Many of them are school dropouts, unemployed or work on trivial jobs. They are always looking for opportunities to make money and can easily be lured towards crime,\" said Sector 17 SHO Ram Gopal.After the 45-day teaching, the youths will be given a chance to sit in job interviews with the help of a private firm. The police checked the criminal records to ensure that the youths have clean backgrounds.The initiative is planned as a part of the ongoing police station visitors' week, observed from December 3-9. The private firm will provide a bit of technical knowledge and career guidance to the youths, who will get a chance to apply for the post of security personnel after the programme. Attendees would be taught discipline, good health, drug-free life, mannerism and soft skills in this interactive training programme, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513558", "title": "Government cites CAG Vinod Rai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s example to dispel SC view on loyal babus", "text": "NEW DELHI: To counter the Supreme Court's perception that independence in information commissions had taken a hit as these were mostly headed by government-friendly retired bureaucrats, the Centre on Thursday cited the example of retired finance secretary Vinod Rai, who is the CAG ( Comptroller and Auditor General).Attorney general G E Vahanvati's response came after a bench comprising Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar examined the chart provided by the government on heads of information panels under the Right To Information Act and said, \"If you look at their background, they were very closely associated with the government and the result is that it is difficult to get information about the government.\"At a time when the government has just recovered from CAG's stinging Coalgate report, Vahanvati lost no time in citing Rai's example to drive home the point that retired bureaucrats do not function under the thumb of the government. \"They discharge their functions independent of the government after appointment to a constitutional or statutory post,\" he said.\"We have a CAG who was former finance secretary. Can it be said that he is loyal to the government? We have a system where we find persons to fill various posts from within the system,\" the AG added.Vahanvati also said the bench might not be entirely correct in saying that information panels headed by retired bureaucrats were blocking information to the general public. \"There are several petitions pending in the Delhi high court in which SC has refused to give information. Most of them might have been irrelevant questions but the information commissions had ordered dissemination of the information sought,\" he said.Making his submissions on the Centre's plea for review of SC's September 13 judgment directing appointment of retired Supreme Court judges and HC chief justices as heads of information panels at the central and state levels, Vahanvati said the court's direction for broad-based selection process with transparency has been accepted by the government.But the direction in the September 13 judgment to have persons with legal background and appointment of retired judges to the CIC and state information commissions was clearly in the legislative domain, into which the SC should not have ventured, he said.Vahanvati also reminded the court that the RTI Act had done a lot of good to democracy and an earlier attempt by the government to amend it had drawn flak from many quarters. The bench said, \"No doubt, the RTI Act is doing a lot of good, but because of certain infirmities in the Act, it is also doing a lot of damage.\" It added, \"It will help democracy more if the government appoints independent commissioners and not those who are loyal to the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17514886", "title": "Social networking campaign aims to persuade new Chinese leadership to resume talks: Sangay", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Targeting to pressurize new Chinese leadership for resuming dialogue process, the Tibetan government in exile on Wednesday officially took to year-long social networking crusade. \"Before we issue statements and organize conferences, we would use social network to go to the living rooms of different people, domiciles of students across the world. We are trying to take the issue through people to their leaders around the world,\" said Lobsang Sangay, the democratic elected leader of the Tibetans in exile during the launching ceremony.Making a forceful appeal from exile headquarters, the Tibetan prime minister and minister for international relations with other staff members launched micro site, face book page and a video stating that it is also aimed to mobilize the international community to stand in solidarity with Tibetan movement.Exile leaders said, \"Share the link to the micro site and Face book page with your circle of friends. Share the link to the video on self-immolations and help us make it go viral. Sign-up on Thunderclap to share a synchronized message so that on December 10 (Human Rights Day) as many people as possible will be made aware of the current situation in Tibet through the solidarity with campaign\".Tibetan PM in exile said, though there is a mass coverage of the situation inside Tibet, but they don't reach the living rooms of different people across the world.\"Chinese claim that Tibetans are happy, but they are self immolating themselves. If any person with a rational mind look into the situation inside Tibet , then he would suggest the only way is to resume it through dialogue,\" Sangay said.Lobsang Sangay has given a call to all Tibetans and supporters to make 2013 a Tibet lobby year. \"Despite repeated appeals by us self immolations continue. Due to the given number of such cases, let us build the successful lobbying efforts of 2012 by launching solidarity with Tibet campaign in 2013,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17513990", "title": "Father of key witness to move HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The father of Chanshivroop Singh, accused-turned-approver in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, who has fled to the USA, on Thursday said he would approach the Delhi high court against Delhi police for harassing him.Addressing a press conference in Chandigarh, 60-year-old Harminder Singh alleged that Delhi Police was threatening and pressuring him to produce his son in two days.Chanshivroop, 26, was arrested for sending threatening emails to Geetika and was later released on bail. He fled to the US on November 27 after appearing in a Delhi court the same day. Harminder Singh, a resident of Mohali, alleged Delhi Police was pressuring him to file a complaint to say that relatives and brother of Gopal Kanda were threatening him and his son.DCP (northwest), Delhi, P Karunakaran refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514087", "title": "Principal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s nod must for building works soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon the contractors recruited for construction of Delhi government-run school buildings will only be released money after they earn a \"clearance certificate\" from the school principal. The decision was taken on Thursday evening after government schools came up with a series of complaints against PWD department officials for releasing money to the contractors without completing the work.As per existing norms, the money is released to the contractors by the executive engineers of PWD department. \"In many cases it was noticed that PWD engineers released money without checking the quality of the work. In several cases like in a school in Kanjhwala, it was found that the building construction quality was so bad that within two years it had to be declared dangerous,\" said a senior official.Sources said that the details left education minister Kiran Walia furious who called for the PWD senior officers and sought immediate action. The meeting was attended by 50 odd officers of PWD and education department including PWD principal secretary Rakesh Bihari. A decision to construct 2,100 new classrooms across Delhi was also approved in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17515122", "title": "Thangadh firing: Victims' kin decry delay in arrests", "text": "RAJKOT: The wait for justice is only getting frustrating with each passing day for relatives of three dalit youths, who were killed in police firing in Thangadh town of Surendranagar district, in September. Their deaths on September 22 and 23 had sparked massive outrage among the community.It's more than three months now that four policemen were booked for murder and other charges, but CID (crime), which is investigating the case, has not been able to arrest a single accused.Relatives alleged that BJP government was deliberately delaying the arrests to avoid resentment among the Kshatriya community, which has significant number of voters in the region.\"BJP government does not want to lose its Kshatriya vote bank in Surendranagar district and therefore, it is protecting the accused. If police can crack the serial bomb blasts case within few days, it is unbelievable that they are unable to trace the accused policemen,\" alleged Valji Rathod, whose 17-year-old son Mehul died in the firing.Besides Mehul, Pankaj Sumra (16) and Prakash Parmar (26) were also killed in police firing.Father of Prakash Parmar Babubhai alleged, \"There is no other reason apart from elections for not arresting the accused.\"Four policemen - police sub-inspectors K P Jadeja and Bharatsinh Solanki, constable Yogesh Gadhvi and head constable Nathubha Rana were booked under various sections of Indian Penal Code and sections of Prevention of Atrocities against Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Act. Three of these four cops are Kshatriyas.Kshatriya community members had strongly rallied behind three out of the four policemen and organized rallies at various places in Saurashtra, demanding that the charges against them should be dropped.Unlike 2007 assembly polls, BJP has fielded only one Kshatriya candidate from Limbdi Kiritsinh Rana. In 2007, BJP had given ticket to state minister I K Jadeja from Dhrangdhra, but he lost to Congress's Haribhai Patel.On Thursday, members of the victims' family along with dalits from across the state gathered in Thangadh on the occasion of Dr B R Ambedkar's death anniversary and paid tributes to him.CID (crime) officials said they have formed three teams under the supervision of police inspectors to trace the accused. \"All the accused have been declared 'wanted' and our teams are carrying out raids at their relatives' houses whenever they get some information,\" a top police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17515062", "title": "Exams rescheduled for PUSU polls", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has revised its examination schedule in view of the forthcoming students' union election. The first semester of examination of PG courses, which were scheduled to commence from December 17, would now commence from December 22, said PU election committee chairman U K Sinha.Sinha further pointed out that the examination of only one theory paper would be held before Xmas holidays and the examinations of remaining papers would be held in January. The decision to reschedule the examinations has been taken in view of the students' demand to extend the dates.PU examination controller Binay Soren said the date for filling up examination forms has also been extended from December 5 to December 15. The last date for filling up forms with late fine would be December 18, he said.Meanwhile, on Thursday, at a meeting of presidential candidates contesting PUSU election, it was decided that an open house debate for presidential candidates would be held at 11am on Monday at Patna Science College ground. Each candidate would get 10 minutes time to present his or her vision document on students' welfare, improvement in the academic atmosphere, the upgrade of university and its allied institutions. However, no candidate would be allowed to use the name of any political party or politician in his or her address. The candidates were also given helpline numbers (9430888720/8986183649) for any specific query.Those who attended the meeting were Divya Gautam, Rajesh Kumar, Md Shahid Alam, Pragya Raj Shiva, Usha Kiran, Sweta, Swati Sneha and Shiwani Sahay. PU election committee members Prabha Shukla and Suheli also addressed the candidates.The election committee has convened a meeting of PG department heads, college principals and presiding officers on Friday to take stock of the situation and decide the finer details of the election to be held on December 11. More than 18,000 students would cast their votes at 37 booths located in different colleges and university departments to elect their leaders.PU has requisitioned as many as 1,000 ballot boxes and 500 bottles of indelible ink from Patna district administration for conducting the union elections in a fair manner. The counting of votes is likely to be held at Magadh Mahila College.Sinha said the nomination of Anand Kumar Jaiswal for the post of executive member from Patna College has been cancelled as the grievance cell found that his name figured in an FIR.Contestants for all the offices remained busy throughout the day with canvassing in different institutions and seeking the support of their electorates. The student wings of almost all the political parties have fielded their candidates in the PUSU election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17515604", "title": "Man foils bid to loot his cash", "text": "KANPUR: A retired Air Force personnel's bravery helped him ward off a bid by gun-toting youths to deprive him of cash he had just withdrawn from a bank in Chakeri area on Wednesday.According to the police, as soon as Chotey Lal, an ex-warrant officer came out from PNB's Chakeri branch with a bag containing Rs 60,000, two youths on a two-wheeler waylaid him demanded his bag at gunpoint.When Lal challenged the robbers, one of them hit him on the head and pushed him to the ground. Despite bleeding profusely, Lal chased them for some distance. When locals saw Lal trying to overpower the robbers, they raised an alarm and informed cops at a nearby police picket.The cops chased the robbers but the latter managed to flee. Police said the miscreants failed to loot the money due to the bravery shown by Lal. Chakeri police have initiated a search for the culprits.This was the second such incident in less than a week. On November 29, armed men made away with Rs 23,70,167 lakh from the Nirala Nagar branch of Bank Of Baroda under the limits of Kidwainagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513262", "title": "'Ponty's Chadha's firm served substandard meal' 'panjeeri': Report", "text": "LUCKNOW: The panel appointed by the Supreme Court to examine the status of Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) in four states, including Uttar Pradesh, has stated in its report that the quality of food being provided under the scheme was sub-standard. The supplies were made by Ms Great Value foods, the company owned by liquor baron Ponty Chadha, who was killed in a shootout in November. ICDS scheme covers about 2.28 crore pregnant women and children in UP. More than Rs 10,000 crore has been spent under the scheme in past five years.The report, which was submitted to the apex court on November 28, concludes: \"Both the Uttar Pradesh samples of panjeeri mix supplies as take home rations, fortified blended premixes to different categories of ICDS beneficiaries fail to meet the prescribed standards in the agreements signed by the contractors\".The samples were tested by the National institute of Nutrition (NIN), Hyderabad - the apex centre on nutrition in the country. As per the report, the test indicated that the sample fell short of energy level by 22.5% and protein content by 25.08%. There was complete absence of vitamin A and C in the premix. \"The shortage of protein in the mix is tragic,\" said Poonam, consultant nutritionist at a private hospital. \"The demand for protein increases by 50% in an expectant mother. Its shortage not only makes childbirth painful for a woman, it is also responsible for protein energy malnutrition in children,\" she explained.Further, the sample didn't meet any other standards of the micro-nutrient blends. Calcium, for instance, an important micro-nutrient was short by 69.38%. Experts said that calcium is essential for bone building and mineralization. Its deficiency is responsible for stunted growth of children - a type of malnutrition. Among pregnant women, its deficiency could trigger an early onset of osteopenia - a primary stage of osteoporosis (or general weakening of bones).Though iron was found to be present as per specifications, free folic acids which are essentially given along with iron were short by over 75%. This means that if each helping of the premix should contain 100 units of folic acid, there were only 25 present. Pregnant women need folic acid to prevent a congenital disease called neural tube defect among children.Experts said vitamin C is essential for absorption of iron, the need for which doubles in expectant mothers. Bit its complete deficiency defeats the purpose of the scheme. Micro-nutrients of riboflavin (vitamin B2) and thiamine (vitamin B1) were sparsely found in the mixture. Both these vitamins are vital for energy metabolism and maintenance of health. Another micro-nutrient, niacin (vitamin B3), was 40% below the standards. This vitamin helps in absorption of calcium and plays preventive role for a skin disease called pellagra.Talking to TOI, head of the national nutrition monitoring bureau at NIN, Prof A Laxmaiah, said that substandard food served under a mega scheme like ICDS meant under-nutrition. \"This defeats the purpose of the effort besides wasting money,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516785", "title": "Sekhar Kammula to direct Kahaani remake", "text": "The announcement that Vidya Balan's superhit flick, Kahaani, will be remade in Tamil and Telugu was made a while back. After that, there was not much development on the front and many names were being bandied about for the slot of director. But the latest news is that Telugu director Sekhar Kammula, who has six Nandi Awards in his kitty, has been signed on for both the Tamil and Telugu remakes.He has had numerous successful films including Happy Days, Anand and Life is Beautiful in Telugu. Apparently, the cast for either version has not been finalized yet.A source tells us, \"The rumours that Anushka will play Vidya Balan's role in the remakes are not true. They are looking at different actors for the project and are yet to finalize the cast.\"Sujoy Ghosh, who directed the original, is likely to play an important part in the remakes as well. This will be Sekhar's first Tamil directorial venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17513987", "title": "Another dengue death in Mumbai, deceased's wife, child infected", "text": "MUMBAI: A 32-year-old tax agent from Malwani became the latest victim of dengue, the mosquito-borne ailment that recorded an astonishing 118% rise in the city this year over last year. At the state level too, over 100 deaths and 2,000 cases have been reported, both much higher than incidences in the last five years.The civic body on Thursday insisted that Tariq Jafari was the fourth in the city to succumb to the sting of the aedes aegypti mosquito. It is yet to add the name of filmmaker Yash Chopra to the list of dengue fatalities. So far, 907 dengue cases have been reported in the city, of which 237 and 166 were reported in October and November, respectively.While Jafari died at the Kokilaben Ambani hospital on Wednesday night, his four-year-old daughter Tasneem, admitted in the same hospital, remains critical. His wife Shakila, too, has tested positive for dengue. She took discharge against medical advice after hearing about Jafari's death.Hospital executive director Dr Ram Narain said Jafari was admitted on Wednesday morning in a critical condition with a diagnosis of dengue shock syndrome and multi-organ dysfunction. \"He was admitted to our ICU and despite all medical efforts, he passed away at 7.45pm on Wednesday,\" said Narain. Tasneem, also diagnosed as suffering from dengue, is undergoing treatment at the paediatric intensive care unit.Jafari's sister Momina Khan said he developed fever last Friday and was taken to the family doctor, who prescribed medicines and called for tests. But Jafari's condition worsened and he was taken to Suchak Hospital, where he tested positive for dengue. The family later shifted him to Kokilaben hospital.The Jafaris' neighbours were agitated when they learnt about the death and three infections in the same family. Some claimed despite several cases being reported, no vector control measures had been taken. \"At least 10 more people have been diagnosed with dengue in the vicinity in the last two weeks,\" said a Malwani resident.The BMC did not agree. It carried out a rapid survey of 1,000 houses in the area around Samuha Society in the Mhada complex where the Jafarais stay and came back with only a handful of fever cases. Head of epidemiology cell Dr Mangala Gomare said: \"We found about 7-8 fever cases but none were cases of dengue. Besides the survey, we have also carried out vector control activities like fogging in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17514417", "title": "Doctor showers as woman dies after giving birth", "text": "BOKARO: A 25-year-old woman died after giving birth to a baby at a government hospital in Petarwar on Wednesday as the doctor was allegedly taking a bath rather than attending to her.The deceased, Mila Devi, belonged to a poor schedule caste family and was a resident of Chargi village in Petarwar. Her husband, Bansi Ghasi, is a labourer and lives in Chandrapura Block. She was staying at her father's house in Chargi after becoming pregnant, sources said.Civil surgeon S N Tewary has launched an inquiry into the incident while panchayat leaders of the village have criticized the district health department and demanded compensation for the kin of the deceased.Additional chief medical officer Arjun Prasad will conduct inquiry and submit a report. \"The doctor will have to face action if negligence on his part will be proved in inquiry,\" said Tewary.According to Honeng Ghasi, father of the deceased, the woman was taken to the hospital when complain of labor pain early on Wednesday and she gave birth to a boy later in the day. As the doctor who was meant to be on duty was not present, auxiliary nurse midwives (ANM), Poonam and Sangeeta, performed the delivery procedure. there. Though things seemed to be fine, Devi was suffering from internal bleeding.Seeing the condition of the woman turn critical, the ANMs repeatedly called the doctor, Ajay Kumar Choudhary, who resides near the hospital, on his mobile phone, but he did not turn up. Later, one of the hospital staff also rushed to his residence to inform him about the patient, but he allegedly said that he will visit her after bathing. Ghasi said that the two nurses failed to saving Devi and she died due to lack of proper treatment.Choudhary said that he visited the hospital on time and referred the patient to a better-equipped medical center, but she died before boarding the ambulance.He added that internal bleeding requires blood transfusion and an operation which was possible in the hospital as there were no resources available.\"I had returned from a night shift and was taking a bath at home when I was informed about the condition of the patient. I immediately rushed to the hospital, but could not save her. It's neither my fault nor ANMs', the nurses are well-versed in conducting such deliveries,\" said Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17515599", "title": "Malpractices continue at government hospitals in the Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Reports of malpractices such as doctors demanding bribe from patients continued to come to light three days after health minister Ahmed Hasan suspended a surgeon at UHM hospital for taking money from patients in lieu of operations.Sources said an inspection carried out by chief development officer at UHM and AHM-Dufferin hospital on Tuesday also unearthed similar complaints from patients. Reports even suggested that a patient was refused treatment as she was unable to pay the sum demanded by the doctors.Initially, the CDO is said to have scolded the doctors for their misbehavior. Later, the matter was hushed up, with the senior authorities at AHM-dufferin hospital claiming that the patient had not given consent for the operation, and it was being delayed for the same reason.TOI took stock of the situation at UHM and AHM-Dufferin hospital on Wednesday and found several patients still struggling with illegitimate demands and practices of the doctors. Several patients admitted at AHM-Dufferin hospital alleged that the doctors have not only demanded money from them but also prescribed medicines to be taken from medical stores outside the hospital. The patients even have to buy ordinary things bandages and catheters from medical stores as the hospital staff cites shortage of the same.Talking to TOI, Sunita, a patients admitted on bed number 8 of post-operative ward of AHM-Dufferin hospital informed that the nurses only done the formality of dressing on her stitches. They only put gauge on the wound and asked his husband to bring tape from outside and place on the same.\"Its ridiculous for a hospital to say that it doesn't have bandage. The nurses do not listen to us unless we give money to them. We have tried complaining to the Chief Medical Superintendent (CMS), but no one allowed us to go inside her cabin,\" said Naseem, a post-operative ward patient.Meanwhile, Rizwana, who delivered a baby on Wednesday said the doctors took 1,100 rupees from her before the delivery. After the delivery, she had to buy medicines from medical stores that cost her more than 500 rupees. When TOI contacted Dr Madhu Lal, CMS of AHM-Dufferin Hospital, she said she goes around the wards at regular intervals but no patients approached her with complaints. She said she will investigate the veracity of the complaints and act accordingly.The condition at UHM hospital was similar. Prabha, 35, from Lakshmanbagh, Tilak Nagar who underwent a uterus removal operation on Wednesday informed said the doctors made her to deposit 5,000 rupees before the operation. She also said the medicines prescribed to her were not available at the hospital.Similar words were echoed by Shreedevi, 48, from Barra Vihava Bank admitted in ward number 8, who said doctors demanded 3,000 rupees from her son for her stone operation.Another patient Phholvati admitted in ward number 1 said she spent more than six thousand rupees in medicines prescribed by doctors from outside medical stores. At ward number 7, a patient's kin informed that doctors even issued them threats and asked them not to tell anyone about the bribes.When TOI contacted Dr RK Saxena, CMS, UHM hospital, he assured investigation into the matter.CMO asks hospitals to display rate chartAfter coming across several complaints of doctors demanding money from patients, the Chief Medical officer of the district, Dr RP Yadav has issued a notice to all district hospital authorities to paste rate charts outside the hospital for each facility being given at the hospital. The official also asked the district hospital authorities to paste banners and boards with phone numbers of the CMS so that patients with complaints can directly contact them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17515050", "title": "Learning important lessons with fun", "text": "Ryan International School, Dugri, organized a visit to a traffic park and held an awareness rally.`The montessori wing of the school visited the park. The tiny tots were told about the rules that should be followed while crossing a road and using zebra crossing.And students of classes VI and VII created awareness about saving water. They went door-to-door, telling residents about the various ways to minimize water wastage.The rally was conducted by Baljeet Kaur of Green Club. The school headmistress, Ritu Syal, said such activities develop responsibility among kids.Roar of merriment echoes on Animal DayABC Montessori, Basant Avenue, organized Animal Day on Thursday. Children came dressed up as animals and presented their characters with confidence. A jungle scene was created on the campus. The event aimed at familiarizing the kids with different animals. After playing some games, students presented the \"hare and tortoise\" story. The school holds such activities to enhance the social skills, imagination, vocabulary, listening and speaking skills of the children.Annual sports meetAnnual sports meet of kindergarten section kicked off at Green Land Public School, Dugri, on Thursday. Nursery students participated enthusiastically in different races. The day started with a march-past and was followed by an array of activities. Later in the day, medals were awarded to winners.Having a ball on Radhika's third b'dayRadhika, a student of Little Steps Preschool, BRS Nagar, celebrated her third birthday with school friends at Rose Garden on Thursday. Kids had a ball playing a variety of games.They played games like \"parcel to parcel\", \"merry go round\" and \"hide and seek\", among others. Later, they took part in a 50 meter race in which Varinder bagged the first position and Bani and Gursimrat were adjudged as the runners-up. The birthday girl then cut a cake and kids enjoyed a delightful lunch. Her friends gave her gifts and toy sweets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17513130", "title": "Bikes, cars shown as JCB machines on paper", "text": "BHOPAL: In what appears to be a major scam in the special Bundelkhand package, bikes, scooters, cars and jeeps were shown as JCB machines on paper by forest department in Panna district. The scam would have probably gone undetected for ages, were it not for a whistle-blower. Now, a three-member team from the Centre has reached Panna district to investigate the issue following a complaint.He probe team summoned divisional forest officers (DFOs) of North and South Panna region and other administrative officials, said sources.Team members included, Dr J S Samra, CEO of National Rainfed Area Authority, K P Thampi, technical expert of forestry and P Sadashivam, assistant controller general of accounts.Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi-driven special Bundelkhand package worth Rs 7266-crore was sanctioned in 2009 for development of 13 districts in Bundelkhand region, including six districts in Madhya Pradesh and seven in Uttar Pradesh. The North Panna forest division had received Rs 12 crore between 2009 to 2011.According to sources, Shrikant Dixit, running an NGO, had lodged a complaint with the Planning Commission alleging Rs 6 cr scam in the special Bundlekhand package given to the Panna district. He had enclosed documents collected under the RTI, which he claims, unveils a large-scale corruption.The sum of Rs 12 crore was given to the North Panna forest division for water conservation works in the forest areas in 2009, including construction of 82 ponds, 251 percolation tanks and other development works.According to the complainant, a section of forest and administrative officials entered into a criminal conspiracy and misappropriated a large amount of funds.\"When I tracked JCBs on the basis of its registration numbers entered into official documents, I was shocked to see that in most of the cases these were numbers of scooters, cars and jeeps. Besides, many registration numbers did not even exist in the RTO records,\" Dixit alleged.He said there were many other irregularities. \"A large amount of money was paid in cash instead of cheques,\" he claimed, adding that he had approached the Centre after no action was taken by the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17514409", "title": "Wireless machine to make swiping secure", "text": "The 13 nationalised banks and 26 private banks that operate in Chennai will have to replace these machines with the wireless devices. A bank risk control official said the cordless gizmos may not offer a foolproof solution to the problem because fraudsters are constantly inventing new technology to break through data security systems.\"A customer holding an EDC machine may not know that a skimmer has been fixed to it if it is concealed well,\" he said. \"Users of ATM machines will still be vulnerable to data theft.\"The manager of a private bank, which has installed a large number of EDC devices in the city, said police had orally informed them, during a meeting between bank officials and police officers at the commissioner's office, that they would have to replace the existing swiping machines. \"We have not yet received the circular,\" he said. \"We have invested a lot of money in the EDC gadgets,\" he added. \"Because replacing all of them will cost a huge amount of money, this is a decision that has to be approved by the most senior bank officials.\" He said banks may introduce new devices if business establishments pay a premium for them.People who make purchases with debit or credit cards welcomed the move to make such transactions safe. \"I prefer not to use credit cards, but my son lost money to a scam like this,\" said Mahalingam V, a teacher. \"It is good that the police are putting checks on these cheats.\"BJP state secretary and Madras High Court lawyer Vanathi Srinivasan said people would benefit if shops and restaurants use the new devices. \"Customers already have the right to insist that the card be swiped in front of them,\" she said. \"But most people are not aware of this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513626", "title": "Beating death, he came to Baroda's rescue", "text": "VADODARA: He escaped death narrowly during a train accident in 2005 in Vadodara that took 17 lives. But the accident left his left ankle badly injured and almost ended his cricketing career. But when 25-year-old left-arm Baroda medium pacer Gagandeep Singh Natt bagged three back-to-back five-wicket hauls in Ranji Trophy not many believed that he had to spend one full year writhing in pain on bed. He is probably the only Baroda bowler to have bagged five-wicket hauls consecutively in three first-class matches.And, this promising player is also proving to be useful with bat at lower order. \"I had an iron rod in my left leg for months and the doctors had told me never to play cricket again. I was upset as I always wanted to make career in cricket. I decided not to give up and give life one more chance,\" Gagandeep, who was playing in U-19 category before the accident, told TOI.After spending two years in rehabilitation, he took the field again and hasn't looked back since then. Three years after making a comeback, Gagandeep made his first-class debut against Karnataka in 2010. But he was dropped as he failed to perform. His moment finally came in December last year when the selectors picked him as Irfan Pathan was away on national duty. And, Gagandeep grabbed the opportunity with both hands.He got his first five-wicket haul against Gujarat in December last year at Motibaug Ground. Gagandeep ran through their batting line up in second innings to bowl Gujarat that was chasing 365 out for a meagre 123 runs. He followed up his performance by bagging six wickets against Bengal in the next match at Motibaug, but Baroda lost the game.In Baroda's first game this Ranji season, Gagandeep took five wickets against Karnataka at Motibaug in 24 overs. The all-rounder, who plays for Mohinder Amarnath Cricket Academy, has bagged 26 wickets in eight first-class matches at economy rate of 2.48. Having accumulated 244 runs with highest score of 76, he has also proved to be a good number seven batsman. \"Irfan has been my biggest inspiration and has motivated me to perform well. I am lucky that BCA gave me opportunity to play professional cricket,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517585", "title": "Dhoom 2: I wasn't comfortable kissing Hrithik, says Aishwarya", "text": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, who is arguably the most famous Bollywood actress in the world and has also been doing her best to forge a career for herself in Western cinema, still struggles with one thing - public displays of affection so commonly seen on the silver screen.The 39-year-old actress, who had her first screen kiss with actor Hrithik Roshan in 'Dhoom 2' in 2006, admits that she is still less than comfortable with the prospect of such intimate scenes.During an interview, Rai said that the scene caused such a stir in India that she even received legal threats following the movie's release.\"I did it once prominently in the movie Dhoom and it was so topical, and you'll be surprised, I mean I actually got a couple of notices, legal notices, from some people in the country turning around and saying \"You are iconic, you're an example to our girls you have led your life in such an exemplary manner, they're not comfortable with you doing this on screen so why did you?\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"And I was like wow, I'm just an actor, doing my job, and here I am being asked to offer an explanation for a couple of seconds in a two, three hour piece of cinema,\" she said.However, she also said that she had many doubts about signing up to appear in ' Dhoom 2' simply because of the kissing scene.\"It was around the same time that the interest in the western world from Hollywood , or European cinema, English cinema, from the industry there was a lot interest in me and the possibility of me working overseas, and I had already declined a couple of scripts purely on the basis of not being comfortable with the very physical scenes and the kissing because I'd never done that on screen and I just wasn't very comfortable with the idea,\" she said.\"And I was quite sure even my audience was not very comfortable with me doing it on-screen. I was actually quite convinced about it but I still said okay, if I have to go down this path let me first do it in our cinema, in an Indian piece of cinema, and let me see if all my doubts are true, and they were,\" she said.Rai added that while on-screen kisses are becoming more common in Bollywood, it will still be a long time before they become the standard.\"A lot of actors have kissed before that movie, they continue to kiss on screen till this very minute, but public display is not that common in Indian culture. Even our actors, it's very rare that actors look comfortable in our cinema on screen kissing,\" she said.\"It almost looks like it's a planned moment, just to make much ado about a moment or to excite the audience. It's made into this separate entity from a scene, it's not very comfortable in our screenplay,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517702", "title": "Tolly stars at revamped lounge", "text": "The Basement, Hotel Samilton, threw its doors open, in its new, uberchic avatar , on Wednesday night. DJs Tishya and Navneet made the partygoers groove to their beats. Bubbly lived up to her name and turned up in a cheery yellow short dress, while Sayantani unleashed some killer moves on the floor. Tollywood actors Dibyendu, Mumtaz Sorcar, Rajdeep Gupta and model Shamaun Ahmed dropped by for the do. We also spotted music duo Francis and Amanda and singer-songwriter and musician Rajkumar Sengupta at the lounge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518092", "title": "KVSR cancels success tour", "text": "The thanks giving and success tour of 'Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna' undertaken by the entire team of the film headed by producer Anand Appugol, 'Challenging' star Darshan and director Naganna was cut short after the team visited a few theatres screening the film in Tumkur, Shimoga, Hassan and other places. The entire ream decided to stop the success tour in the wake of the situation obtained in Mysore and Mandya districts after the Supreme Court directed the Karnataka Government to release 10000 cusecs of water everyday.\"We want to join the farmers of Karnataka in their struggle to get justice with regard to the Cauvery Water dispute. We are with them. Since we thought it would not be fair to continue the success tour in times of distress to our farmers, we decided to cut off the programme from Thursday,\" says Darshan.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17515121", "title": "Life-saving blood now just a click away", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you are in need of blood in an emergency situation then the state food and drugs department is here to help. On Tuesday, the department launched a unique website that provides in real time the blood availability across every blood bank in the state - down to the last detail.One just has to select the city or area from the drop down menu on the website and the website immediately lists the number of blood units present with individual blood banks of each blood group in real time. The website is developed by National Informatics Center ( NIC). The website, apart from the blood banks, also provides information on sub-standard and spurious drugs declared by the FDCA in real time.\"We found that many people are helpless when it comes to the locating blood banks with adequate blood supplies at the time of emergency. This readily available information will be of great help not only for government hospitals but also normal citizens,\" says food and drug commissioner H G Koshia.Besides, the website also provides a detailed list of chemists along with their mobile numbers who stock life saving drugs. \"The chemists list for life saving drugs wills be helpful for patients who look for medicines which are regulated by the drugs and cosmetics act,\" Koshia said.The website also provides real time lab reports of substandard drugs that are tested by FDCA. If one enrolls with the website, one can get real time information on drugs that are deficient in its properties and have ordered to be removed from all chemists shelves. This section also provides information on as to why the drug was declared sub-standard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17514018", "title": "Engineer falls to death at RSP", "text": "ROURKELA: Mystery shrouds the death of a private company engineer on the Rourkela Steel Plant premises on Thursday morning. The engineer, identified as A K Biswas, fell from about 80 ft high fabricated staircase while inspecting the under-construction 5th blast furnace. The steel plant authorities suspect it to be a case of suicide and quoted eyewitnesses to bring home the point.Biswas (55) was working as a quality manager with Tata Projects Ltd engaged in construction of a new blast furnace at RSP.Sources said Biswas came to duty in the company vehicle. Around 10 am, he went to inspect the work at the 5th blast furnace site and started climbing the fabricated staircase. He had moved about 80 metres up the staircase when the unfortunate incident took place. According to eyewitnesses, he appeared to have jumped after crossing the railing, a RSP media release said.Soon after the incident workers rushed him to the first aid centre and later to the Ispat General Hospital where doctors declared him 'brought dead'. It is also suspected that Biswas might have lost his balance and fallen down. Senior officials of Tata Projects Ltd and safety officials of RSP reached the spot and made an early assessment of the case. \"Standing Enquiry Committee on Fatal Accidents has started an inquiry into the accident,\" a RSP source informed. RSP CEO G S Prasad has expressed deep anguish over the unfortunate incident and offered his condolence to the bereaved family.The incident, said to be eighth in a row this year, has once again raised questions on the safety practices adopted in the public sector steel plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514011", "title": "Delhi Police to get new headquarters by mid-2015", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police is all set to get a new headquarters with Commissioner of Police Neeraj Kumar signing an agreement with a Mumbai-based company for constructing a state-of-art building worth Rs 202 crore on Thursday.The headquarters, for which approval of Archeological Survey of India has already been taken, will come up in an area of 8.02 acres at Parliament Street and will house 80,000 plus strong force of Delhi Police.Delhi Police currently operates from a part of the PWD headquarters at ITO.Kumar signed the agreement with Mumbai-based M/s Unity Infra Projects Ltd, for constructing the new headquarters, residences and related infrastructure and services through public private partnership model on design, build, finance , operate and transfer (the DBFOT) basis.The project, as per the agreement, will be completed within 840 days, which means the Delhi Police would be able to move in its own building by mid-2015.The building would have a twin tower block of nine stories each along with interconnecting corridors. It will also have a helipad.The building will confirm to the Green Building Norms. The elevation of the building has been designed to achieve and do justice to the rich heritage of the location, formal nature of the organization's work, dynamic, modern and contemporary image required and to have a lasting landmark in the city's landscape, said a police officer.\"All offices of Delhi Police like special branch, crime record office, vigilance branch will be shifted to the new building PHQ apart from a fully integrated police control room,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17506466", "title": "This Christmas mix some love, fun and lots of goodies", "text": "Post Diwali detox parties, the city is gearing up to bring in Christmas with much fan fare. And they will begin it with the cake mixing ceremony.Mostly, a homely affair, it's considered a good reason to celebrate with family and friends. Pramod Rebello, a banker, shares, \"All our relatives get together. Well, I can't say much about the soaking bit, as it's more of a ladies affair. But it's fun watching them mix up the ingredients.\"While for some it's tradition, others just want to enjoy the experience of mixing the ingredients including dry fruits such as almonds, dates, black and white raisins, glazed red cherries, walnuts, dried apricots and figs soaked in dark rum, brandy or wine with ground cinnamon, cardamom and cloves. Amit Vaidya, resident manager of a hotel, had organised a cake mixing ceremony for patrons at the hotel. \"We had organised the party on a small scale as it was our first time. The response was excellent,\" he informed.A lot of people got first hand experience and seemed to enjoy the process. One of the participants, Rupender Dhillon expressed, \"This was the first time that I got to be a part of the function. It was an exciting experience.\"Manju Khatri, homemaker, who also experienced the joy of cake mixing for the first time, says, \"When I will eat the cake on Christmas, I will enjoy the feeling that I too had contributed in its making in some way.\"So if you haven't yet soaked those raisins and dates, it's about time you call your friends and family over and get mixing!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514127", "title": "Fire brigade issues notice to SoBo bldg", "text": "MUMBAI: Four days after a major fire broke out on the 19th floor of Cuffe Parade's Jolly Maker-1, the fire brigade has issued a showcause notice to the society management, asking it to reply why the society should not be prosecuted for violation of fire safety rules.The notice has been issued after fire officials found that the fire-fighting equipment in the building was \"not in working condition\".Senior The management has been given 24 hours to respond to the notice was ; the notice has been issued after the the building's fire-fighting system was found to be defunct.The building's fire fighting apparatus couldn't be used due to the lack of maintenancemaking them redundant.Fire broke out on the 19th floor of the B wing of the residential Jolly Maker -1 tower in Cuffe Parade at 3:30 am on Sunday.It was a midnight scare for the residents of the 26{+t}{+h} storey building, with The fire raged for over 4 hours and 26 residents were rescued from the 26-storey building early on Sundaythat included senior citizens, disabled and infants.Civic officials said according to that according to the Maharashtra Fire and Life Safety Act, a high-rise (seven storey and above) should appoint a private licenced agency to conduct a safety audit and submit the report to the fire brigade every six months. Jolly Maker which is the considered to be the richest cooperative housing society, hasn't done that.Jolly Maker is said to be the richest cooperative housing society in the city. One sq ft in this society commands a rate of Rs 1.11 lakh.One sqft area in this society is sold at a rate of Rs 1.11 lakh.\"We have issued a showcause notice to the managing committee of Jolly Maker building. The society is expected to explain its side in the next 24 hours,\" said chief fire officer Suhas JoshiThe fire brigade suspects is suspecting that the cause of the blaze to be a was short-circuit, but are yet to make an an official announcement as the final report is yet to be submitted.Under the rules, a high-rise should have a wet riser system comprising underground and overhead water tanks connected through a riser with an outlet on each floor. And when a fire breaks the fire brigade can use it to douse the fire.\"The sprinklers and the fire extinguishers were not working,\" said another senior fire official. Residents told TOI that the society management had informed them that they had installed fire fighting system worth Rs 15 lakh three months ago.While the ground floor should have a courtyard hydrant, the building should have an alternate electricity supply and lights in the rescue and exit passages should be connected to an independent power source. Sprinklers, if any, should be working.The norm is that a high-rise should have a wet riser system, that consists of an underground and over head water tank which is connected through a riser and has an outlet at every floor and when a fire breaks the fire brigade can use it to douse the fire.The ground floor should have a courtyard hydrant, the building should have a alternate electric supply, the lights at the rescue, exit and passages should be connected to an independent electric source and if there are sprinklers then they should be working.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17513925", "title": "CDs up for grab at Rajdhani book fair", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Multimedia products are a big draw among children at the Rajdhani Book Fair in the city. As many as 30 stalls have come up at the exhibition ground where the fair is being held. \"Children are major buyers. They not only influence their parents decision but also have the freedom to pick up their own stuff,\" said Ramesh Swain, coordinator of the fair.The stalls have stocked various educational CDs, including animation stories, rhymes, vocabulary building and spoken English. \"These are priced between Rs 49 and Rs 1,699,\" said a representative at a stall. CDs covering the entire syllabus from Class VI to XII, as well as CBSE syllabus are also being sold, he added.\"The change in teaching methods has also brought about a transformation in learning tools. Now, parents as well as teachers consider multimedia compact discs as one of the best self-learning tools for children,\" said Prajna Bastia, a teacher. The stalls are also selling CDs with Odia contents besides spoken English lessons that are bilingual.Computers and TV sets have been put up at the stalls to attract the children and the move has paid off. \"My four-year-old daughter loves watching TV and remembers everything played on it. These multimedia CDs are very effective tools for early education,\" said Babita Das, a housewife.Besides multimedia contents for children, titles aimed at attracting youth and professionals like management lessons, public speaking, negotiation skills and preparing for an interview have been put up on the shelves. For the more spiritually inclined, there are CDs on Mahabharata, astrology and Reiki. \"The response so far has been encouraging. We are expecting good footfall in the coming days,\" said Rajan Shah, a CD stall owner.A stall by the Jagannath temple administration remains a major attraction at the 12-day fair with publications on Jagannath and Mahaprasad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17513330", "title": "Alice Dai crowned Miss Arunachal", "text": "Itanagar: A beauty pageant with the theme \"Beauty with Brains\" was held here at Nyikum Nyia ground in Nirjuli on Wednesday. The Arunachal Guild for Cultural Integration (AGCI) organized the 9{+t}{+h} edition of the contest.Altogether, 15 contestants vied for the top position in the pageant. Alice Dai, who also won the Miss Photogenic sub-title, was crowned Miss Arunachal 2012-13 in the event.Happy Yaying and Moom Darang were adjudged first and second runners up respectively. The subtitles for Miss Beautiful Smile, Miss Talent, Miss Congeniality, Miss Cat Walk and Best Costume went to Romi Marbom, Happy Yaying, Sonia Tassar, Gumme Riba and Moom Darang respectively.The title winner, Alice was awarded a car. Chief minister Nabam Tuki, who witnessed the entire show, handed over the car key to Alice. The first and second runners up were awarded a scooty each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516912", "title": "Hoffman had mixed feelings watching own career highlights", "text": "Dustin Hoffman had mixed feelings after watching his own career highlights at the 2012 Kennedy Center Honors event, because it felt like \"a eulogy\".The 'Rain Man' star, who was honored for his contributions to American culture, was paid tribute for his work by fellow honourees Led Zeppelin and comedian David Letterman , and pals Meryl Streep and Glenn Close at the Washington, D.C. prizegiving.Hoffman admitted that he was proud to have his closest relatives with him at the bash and was excited to introduce them to U.S. President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle.\"It's extraordinary. I was able to bring my whole family, including my grandchildren. They met the President, they met the First Lady; I mean, that was the most thrilling aspect of it (the event),\" Contactmusic quoted Hoffman as telling U.S. breakfast show Today.The 75-year-old actor also asserted that he found it a little weird watching his highlight reel because he isn't ready to retire.\"(It was) quite depressing. It feels like a eulogy. It's the next best thing to being alive at your own funeral because everyone is saying only nice things about you and your life is there (on screen), and there's a sense of it being boom (final), (but) that's just the first act,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17555995", "title": "Students rememberBR Ambedkar by studying for 18 hours at a stretch", "text": "AURANGABAD: It was a record of its kind when more than 275 students gathered at the Babasaheb Ambedkar Research Centre in the city on Thursday and studied for 18 hours at a stretch. School and college-going students began studying from 6 am in the morning and continued till 12 midnight. The event was organised by the AMC-run research centre to mark the 56th death anniversary of Bababsaheb Ambedkar on December 6.The students who participated in the event seemed very enthusiastic. Rising early on a winter day to make it to the centre did not deter them. As the day progressed, they continued to draw inspiration from Ambedkar, who himself had achieved academic excellence despite unfavourable circumstances.\"When Ambedkar could achieve his dreams despite adverse social conditions, why can't we. He is my role model. This participation will motivate us to study more,\" said participant Arvind Ghodse, a final year engineering student of Jawalharlal Nehru College of Engineering.Ganesh Khede, a BA third year student, confessed that he had been unable to do justice to his studies. However, the initiative of the research centre had created a sense of responsibility in him and this would encourage him in his studies.Chandrakant Tribhuvan, a class XII student of Milind College of Arts and Science, said that he was used to studying for eight hours a day, but the initiative would help him add to his study time.Kiran Gaikwad, who recently completed her graduation and is now preparing for competitive exams, said that watching other students encouraged her. \"I will now devote more hours to my preparation. It is a unique programme conducted by the centre and it should happen at regular basis.\"The corporation had made arrangements for refreshments for the students. Although, there was no compulsion on the students to stick to the scheduled time of 18 hours, most clocked the hours. However, some students staying in far off places had to leave by evening.Director of the research centre, Promod Khobragade, and co-ordinator Vaishali Gavai, who conceptualised the programme, said the activity would inculcate the habit of studying for longer stretches. Khobragade said, \"Babasaheb's death anniversary was the best occasion for such an activity. He set an example of how an individual can change the world if one studies well.\"Mayor Kala Ojha, municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar, deputy commissioner Ravindra Nikam, corporator Amit Bhuigal and others visited the centre and met the students at the beginning of the activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514111", "title": "2 kids hurt in Rohini house collapse", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two children were injured when a five storey under construction building collapsed in the early hours of Thursday in Rohini, northwest Delhi.The building, police said, was being constructed illegally and the structure apparently could not take the weight of the basement which was being constructed lately. An inquiry into the matter has been lodged.The incident was reported around 1am from pocket 12 when Banne, who works as a guard at the building, was sleeping near the building along with his two children. The residents woke up to a loud thud and saw the building crumbling down.Panic spread among people even as dust covered the entire area. The cops and fire officials were informed. The disaster management team also reached the spot and began rescue operations.Witnesses told police that while Banne had a narrow escape, his two children came under the debris and were later pulled out and taken to Sanjay Gandhi hospital where they were admitted for treatment. They are reported to be out of danger. However one of them is under observation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17514917", "title": "Some friends can be frauds", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man, who had duped his friends by borrowing their cars and then mortgaging the vehicles for money, has been arrested by Gujarat University (GU) police. The cops arrested Hemang Parikh, 37, a resident of Sola and booked him for cheating his friends and professional contacts.Parikh has confessed before GU police that he had mortgaged 10 cars till date. Parikh earlier used to be a dealer of second-hand cars. He was quite popular and had a number of friends and professional contacts. But, then he fell on hard times.On November 5, Garvish Patel, a resident of Naranpura, filed a complaint with GU police. He told the cops that in September Parikh, his good friend, had approached him and borrowed his Toyota Innova car to go on a pilgrimage to Ambaji for two days. But Parkih never returned his car. When Patel called him up, Parikh made excuses for not returning his car. Finally, Patel approached the cops and soon afterwards Parikh went absconding.On Wednesday, GU police got a tip-off that Parikh is on a secret visit to his home. Cops zeroed in on him and arrested him. During questioning, Parikh confessed to his past misdeeds. \"He claims that his used-car business had suffered heavy losses. He was in dire need of money. This is why he took to cheating friends and acquaintances who trusted him enough to lend their cars. These vehicles he then took to other second-hand car dealers and mortgaged them for money to pay off his debts,\" said GU police.\"We're surprised though that apart from Patel none of the other nine who were duped by Parikh ever approached city police,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17513954", "title": "Wireless units to make payments by card safer", "text": "CHENNAI: Worried that the waiter may have a skimmer secretly attached to the restaurant's swiping machine to steal credit card information when you pay for your dinner?Paying by credit or debit card in the city could soon be much safer, with the Chennai police on Thursday instructing all banks to replace existing swiping devices at commercial establishments with wireless electronic data capturing (EDC) machines. The wireless devices will be brought to the customers' tables and they can even swipe the card themselves.Police issued the circular after a spate of complaints about data theft and card cloning in the city. Typically, cheats affix a skimmer to an EDC machine, steal data and create cloned cards that they use to make purchases. More savvy data thieves also place bogus PIN capture devices over ATM entry pads. With the PIN and card data, they can withdraw cash and clean out accounts. Many of these devices can be purchased online.\"We have requested bank officials to replace existing machines with cordless ones to prevent skimming,\" said assistant commissioner of police (credit card wing) A John Rose.Bank officials say the process will take some time, but police officers say when the new devices replace the existing ones, card tranactions will be much more secure.A police study showed that there were more than 1 lakh EDC machines in commercial establishments in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17514765", "title": "Netizens like traffic cops' FB page", "text": "Mysore: Mysore traffic cops' interactive initiative with the public on Facebook has got a positive response. Page 'Mysore Traffic Police' (MTP) on Facebook has received 1,011 plus likes since its launch last August. The page was started to enforce traffic rules by educating road users on traffic discipline. Other than the updates on traffic awareness photographs and videos from Mysore City Traffic Police, responsible citizens are sharing photographs and videos related to traffic rules. Citizens can even interact with traffic police by uploading images and clippings of violations or just posting their suggestions and complaints. Tech-savvy traffic cops are also receiving complaints on traffic violations and seeking regulations via the social networking site. ACP N Vishnuvardhana says: \"we have attended to almost all the minor complaints received through Facebook and we receive around two complaints in a week through Facebook.\" Complaints related to malfunctioning of traffic signals, auto drivers charging more fare, removal of tinted glass covers and allotment of police constables at busy junctions have been attended to regularly. Most traffic cops and constables are on FB and keep checking on the complaints. The ACP's day begins with checking MTP page and directing his subordinates to attend to the complaints. Recently when a posted how the registration number of the auto that overcharged him, the auto driver was tracked down and fined. Citizens are welcome to post these kinds of traffic violations in the city.Mysore Traffic Police also receive serious complaints like accidents. But they can not take action until they receive a detailed written complaint with signature from complainer to accept FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17514948", "title": "Youth nabbed for rash driving near Mithakhali", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Navrangpura police officials arrested a youth for rash driving from near Mithakhali crossroads on Wednesday night. His bike was seized and he was booked for putting others' lives in danger.The arrest was effected when a team of surveillance squad was on patrol in order to maintain law and order in the run-up to the state assembly elections at 10.30 pm near Mithakhali crossroads. At that time, cops spotted the duo racing on a bike in the middle of traffic and chased them.\"The duo was zigzagging their bike through traffic performing wheelie. They were caught after a chase. They were identified as Gulfaraz Ansari, 21, who was driving the bike and Mohammed Khalid Ansari, 22, who was riding pillion. Both are residents of Shahpur Mill Compound. Gulfaraz works with a salon in Himalaya Mall on Drive-In Road. When we asked for the bikes' papers, he failed to provide,\" said a Navrangpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513857", "title": "Mohol files papers for gram panchayat polls", "text": "PUNE: Gangster Sharad Mohol - an undertrial at the Yerawada jail, who with his accomplice Alok Bhalerao murdered alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui in the prison on June 8 - has filed nomination papers for membership of the Mutha village gram panchayat. The gangster filed his nomination papers on Wednesday at the office of the returning officer at Mutha in Mulshi taluka.Trupti Kolte, resident Nayab Tehsildar of Mulshi taluka, said, \"Mohol's nomination was received on Wednesday, which was the last day for filing of nominations. His was the only nomination received for the post. It was scrutinized on Thursday and declared valid. The last date for withdrawal of the nomination is December 8\".Kolte said, \"The nomination was accepted as the candidate is an undertrial. The election for the post was necessitated after one of the members resigned.\"The superintendent of the Yerawada jail, Yogesh Desai, told TOI that as per the district court's orders, Mohol was sent to Mulshi under heavy police bandobast on Wednesday. \"We handed him over to the police, who brought him back to the prison after a few hours,\" Desai added.A senior police officer from the crime branch said, \"Mohol was provided heavy security as he was on the hit list of some terror outfits after he killed Qateel Siddiqui.\"Sharad Mohol, who hails from Mutha village, has nine cases, including dacoity and extortion, registered against him. He was involved in the killing of Kishore Marne, a criminal on police record, in January 2010. Mohol and Bhalerao also have a case of murder registered against them in Uttar Pradesh.Mohol is known for extorting money from industrialists in Pirangut area. The Pune crime branch had arrested two members of his gang from Valki in Daund taluka on January 5.Ten firearms and 83 live cartridges were seized from them. Investigations revealed that Mohol had procured the firearms as his gang was preparing to attack members of a rival gang on the premises of the district court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17515034", "title": "Martial art catches them young", "text": "It is not just the kids who are interested in learning martial arts like taekwondo and karate, but even the parents in the city are motivating their children to learn the art of self defense, while it helps them maintain their fitness simultaneously.A member of the Indian Taekwondo Federation (ITF) Sanjeev Jain, who trains kids in taekwondo and resides at Field Ganj, says many of his trainees are between the 3-5 age group. \"It is good to train in taekwondo at an early age as it maintains the physical fitness, helps muscular development and enables a person to defend himself when need be,\" he adds.Shoban Soi, director of the Mother's Pride play school says they have an option for kids above four years of age and parents can decide if they want their child to learn the martial art. \"We have trainers to train the toddlers under special guidance,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17515506", "title": "Improve safety on trains", "text": "The sharp spike in cases of molestation and attempted molestation indicates train commute is getting a lot less safe. Trains are Mumbai's lifeline and, by virtue of their schedule, afford women an easy option of  \u00c2\u00a0  travelling  \u00c2\u00a0  throughout the day, barring a couple of hours. Special emphasis should be there to make this commute safer. Visibility of cops on trains is important, so is handling victims with empathy and sensitivity.\u00c2\u00a0Related story:  Train travel proves daily nightmare for women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512966", "title": "NMC making illegal tax demands in Jaripatka", "text": "NAGPUR: Property tax officials of Mangalwari zone are scaling new heights in harassment of citizens. They are issuing inflated property tax demands and threatening property owners with attachment of property unless the latter paid up. NMC laws are being brazenly violated.TOI on Thursday talked to several Jaripatka residents, who had been issued such inflated tax demands. This correspondent was an eyewitness when assistant commissioner Prakash Warade admitted that NMC had issued inflated tax bills and the warrants were unjustly issued. Property tax inspector Ashok Rahate, who had been threatening Jaripatka residents since last one week, was requesting activists Shankar Gulani and Ashok Lanjewar not to expose his misdeeds in TOI's presence. All property owners alleged that they had received calls from some persons in their locality who asked them to 'settle' the matter with Rahate.The case of Nerumal Waswani is an example. Waswani had paid his tax till 2011-12 and had not received the demand for 2012-13. On Thursday morning, tax inspector Rahate came to his house and showed a warrant asking him to pay Rs 71,195 or face action. Waswani had not received a warning notice asking him to pay tax in 21 days. This is mandatory before a warrant is issued.Waswani immediately sought help of Gulani. Some harassed residents led by Gulani and Lanjewar went to Mangalwari zone office. Rahate refused to give a copy of the warrant to them at first but later gave it with great reluctance. The warrant has space for filling the date on which it should be returned to the ward officer but it was blank. According to the document, Waswani had not paid tax from 2000 to 2012 and hence his dues had reached Rs 71,195. The fact is Waswani's tax for 2012-13 is only Rs 2,996.The citizens then met Warade and produced all documents. Warade admitted it was a mistake and asked Waswani to pay the regular tax amount. When Waswani went to pay the tax, Rahate took back the photocopy of the warrant and it was only after half an hour of heated argument with Warade that citizens got a photocopy.Rahate had also gone to Jagdish Asnani's place with a warrant but as Asnani immediately produced the receipt for 2012-13, the inspector said it was a mistake and NMC officers were under pressure to increase revenue.Tax hiked 90 times!Believe it or not, NMC inflated Sitaldas Bhagchandani's property tax for 2012-13 by around 90 times. His annual tax is Rs 1,677. This year, it will be around Rs 4,000 as he has not paid tax for 2011-12. However, he has been issued a demand whose principal amount is Rs 2,56,058 and along with interest it will cross Rs 3.6 lakh. Even though he has paid tax till 2011, the demand shows he is defaulter since 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517101", "title": "Popular film characters inspire fashion sense: Kangna", "text": "Actress Kangna Ranaut , whose quirky sense of style in \"Tanu Weds Manu\" was widely appreciated, says film characters play an important role in inspiring fashion sense among people.\"People tend to follow the characters of the films that become popular. Like I heard the clothes of 'Tanu Weds Manu' became very famous and with many more films. With 'Krrish 3' , I think a new fashion trend will start,\" the 25-year-old said.Kangna believes it is school-going kids who get more inspired by Bollywood fashion.\"During our school days, we also used to get inspired by Bollywood fashion and used to dress just like in the movies of 1990s. So, I feel that maybe today's school kids are getting inspired by us,\" she said.Kangna is busy shooting for \"Shootout At Wadala\" and \" Krrish 3\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517749", "title": "Dhanush takes a whopping amount!", "text": "Sony Music is reported to have paid a whopping amount for the audio rights of Dhanush's Wunderbar Films 'Ethir Neechal'. The audio of the film is likely to be launched on December 14.Anirudh Ravichander of Kolaveri fame has composed the soundtracks for Ethir Neechal and the debut producer Dhanush has penned two songs and also sung them. Remember ' Why this Kolaveri ' was written and sung by Dhanush in Anirudh's music. Perhaps this could be one reason that Sony has paid a huge amount anticipating a success with the album atleast close to ' Kolaveri ' if not more.The film has Sivakarthikeyan and Priya Anand in the lead and he is also doing a special appearance in a peppy Kuthu number in the film. It is said that the Sony Music bosses in Mumbai have personally heard the album and sees great potential in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17514280", "title": "NHRC seeks probe into attack on job aspirants", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has asked Odisha Police to submit report on alleged attack on teacher aspirants from outside Kandhamal district at Phulbani on October 9. The India Media Centre (IMC) had moved the rights body in this regard.SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj said he has received the NHRC order from the state police headquarters. \"We are probing the issue and will submit the report within the scheduled period,\" the SP said.He said police had arrested two persons, including Lambodar Kanhar, general secretary, Kue Samaj Samanaya Samiti (KSSS) on charges of attacking the candidates from outside Kandhamal, who had come for verification of their certificates for sikhya sahayak post in the district. The samiti wanted that jobs be only provided to candidates from Kandhamal and Boudh districts.A group led by Kanhar had prevented the non-Kandhamal candidates from verifying their certificates. This had led to a tussle between members of the outfit and the aspirants. Police said they have registered two cases after two girl candidates lodged FIRs.The IMC said the attack violates the human rights of the candidates. The organization appealed the commission to take appropriate action against the violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514015", "title": "Mumbai flat sells for Rs 1.10 lakh per sq ft", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's property market may be in the dumps. But some residential buildings continue to command the astronomical Rs 1 lakh per sq ft price, as a recent deal shows.A duplex 3,638 sq ft flat on the seventh and eight floors of the 28-storey sea-facing Samudra Mahal, a prime residential skyscraper at Worli, was sold for Rs 40 crore, or an astounding Rs 1.10 lakh a square foot, sources familiar with the deal told TOI on Thursday.The flat's owner, foreign bank Standard Chartered , sold the 4-BHK flat along with two car parks to a senior management executive of Citigroup. The deal is to be inked soon.The country's most expensive apartment deal was recorded in June this year, of a 28th floor 3,320 sq ft flat in Tahnee Heights, a residential skyscraper on Nepean Sea Road, which was sold for an eye-popping Rs 1.20 lakh a square foot, or Rs 39 crore.A Stanchart spokesperson declined to comment on the deal. Despite repeated attempts, Citigroup Inc did not respond to TOI's queries. With this deal, Samudra Mahal broke the record in property transactions it set two years ago when a duplex flat of 3,638 sq ft was sold at Rs 1.02 lakh a sq ft, or Rs 37 crore. The 19th and 20th floor duplex, which belonged to ABN Amro Bank, was picked up by Madhu Kapur, wife of the late Ashok Kapur, founder of Yes Bank .Samudra Mahal is one of the most sought-after residential buildings in the city. The building has a swimming pool, a children's play area and a small football field. Occupants of this building include the Scindias. Industrialist Nusli Wadia once owned a triplex spread over 8,000 sq ft here, which was sold four years ago in excess of Rs 31 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514105", "title": "Couple sold rape victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s child, gets 3 years jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exposed by a news channel for selling a rape victim's child to a social worker, a man and his wife \u00e2\u20ac\u201d running a placement agency, and a social worker have been sentenced to three years in jail by a trial court. The court also sentenced another man to 10 years in jail for raping the minor girl whose child was sold by the couple to the social worker for Rs 23,000.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau also imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh on the rape convict, Man Mohan, who worked as a driver in the house where the girl (17) from Jharkhand had been sent to work as domestic aide. The couple, Vinod and Preeti, ran a placement agency 'Adivasi Sewa Samiti' and had sold the male infant to social worker Santosh Sharma in August 2007. The whole racket was exposed by a news channel in a 'sting operation'.The court imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on Vinod, Preeti and Santosh Sharma, and also directed the Delhi government to grant a compensation of Rs 2 lakh to the victim and her child for their rehabilitation.Praising the efforts of the journalist who had conducted the sting operation, the court said, \"I may observe that recently investigative journalism has come under severe criticism. But there are large number of instances when it is only on account of investigative journalism/sting journalism that loopholes in the systems have been exposed.\"The court also pulled up police saying the probe was \"totally lacking on the aspect of sale and the only aspect which stands established is the transfer of custody of child/trafficking of the child from the placement agency....in which Santosh Sharma acted as a facilitator.\"According to the police, the girl was working at a house in the capital but she returned to the placement agency after being raped, and gave birth to a child. She had told cops that during her delivery, she had become unconscious and when she came back to senses, Vinod and Preeti told her that she had given birth to a dead child. However, she came to know later that the couple sold her new born to Santosh Sharma. Regarding Man Mohan, the court said that as per forensic and medical evidence, it has been established that the accused is \"the biological father of the child born to the girl\" which connects him with the offence of rape.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17516660", "title": "Ajit Pawar sworn in as Maharashtra deputy chief minister", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after a government white paper on irrigation gave Ajit Pawar a clean chit, the senior NCP leader was on Friday sworn in as Maharashtra deputy chief minister.Pawar, the nephew of NCP president and Union minister Sharad Pawar , was sworn in at Raj Bhawan here.Governor K Sankaranarayanan administered oath of office to Pawar in the presence of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.Opposition Sena-BJP members, which have denounced the move, kept away from the swearing-in ceremony.The dramatic announcement of resignation of Pawar on September 25, in the wake of allegations of corruption in irrigation projects, had plunged the state's Congress-NCP government into a crisis with all other 19 party ministers offering to quit.Pawar, 53, had resigned after media reports alleged he had arbitrarily awarded irrigation contracts worth over Rs 20,000 crore when he was state's irrigation minister during 1999-2009, before he was elevated as deputy chief minister and handled the plum finance and energy portfolios.The white paper, presented by the irrigation department to the state Cabinet on November 29, had claimed a 28 per cent increase in irrigation potential in Maharashtra in the last ten years.It was described as a status paper on irrigation and not an investigation report.Chavan had announced a white paper on irrigation would be brought after state's economic survey report said the state's irrigation potential had risen only by 0.1 per cent between 2001 and 2010.All these years the irrigation portfolio was with the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17518108", "title": "Karnataka releases Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu", "text": "BANGALORE: Bowing to the Supreme Court's directive, Karnataka has begun releasing Cauvery river water to Tamil Nadu, thus avoiding contempt of court.The apex court had on Wednesday directed Karnataka to release 10,000 cusecs of water daily to the neighbouring state till Sunday. Shettar on Thursday ordered release of water though the opposition Congress and Janata Dal-Secular parties had urged him not to do so even if it meant facing contempt of court charges.Karnataka has been pleading with the apex court as well as the central and Tamil Nadu governments that it is not in a position to spare water in view of the severe drought in the state this year.However, with Tamil Nadu also pleading for water to save paddy crops in the Cauvery belt in that state, the apex court ordered Karnataka to release water and directed that the Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC) meet on Thursday or Friday to find a solution to the dispute.The CMC comprises central water resources secretary and chief secretaries of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Puducherry, as all have a share in the Cauvery water.With protests against water release continuing in the Cauvery belt in Karnataka, chief minister Shettar flew to New Delhi on Friday morning to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and union Water Resources Minister Harish Rawat to seek relief for the state.The Prime Minister heads the Cauvery River Authority made up of the chief ministers of the three states and the union territory.Shettar held a meeting at Karnataka Bhavan in New Delhi with central ministers - Mallikarjun Kharge, K Rahman Khan and KH Muniyappa - from the state and several parliament members to seek their views ahead of the meeting with Manmohan Singh and Rawat.He told reporters after the meeting that his government was exploring all legal options to protest the state's interests.Shettar ordered release of water though the opposition Congress and Janata Dal-Secular parties had urged him not to do so even if it meant facing contempt of court.The two parties had on Thursday stalled assembly proceedings demanding a categorical assurance from the Bharatiya Janata Party government that Cauvery water for Tamil Nadu will not be released at any cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17513123", "title": "Govt razes shanties in bid to recover encroached land", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority on Thursday flattened nearly 90 acres of encroached government land valued at about Rs 10,000 crore from three major sectors in Noida. Toughening its stance against all encroachers, the Authority has also warned that it will start taking up demolitions of all illegal constructions that have sprung up across the city.The anti-encroachment cell of the Authority, led by the work circle officer of the area, in a joint operation with the district police removed illegal occupation from Sectors 62, 63 and 64 in an operation that lasted almost five hours. The action started around 11am and continued till 4pm. Besides freeing about 50 acres of land from Sector 62 and 40 acres from Sector 63, the teams also freed a huge portion of their land near NH-24 from Sector 64.Half a dozen bulldozers demolished about 200 scrap dealer's makeshift structures that had been constructed in the area besides razing around 350 JJ clusters. \"The land mafia has been very active and several persons had constructed these structures on Authority land. This land is worth Rs 10,000 crore and was acquired several years ago and earmarked for industrial and institutional use,\" said a Noida Authority official. The Authority will now construct a boundary wall of the said areas to avoid future encroachment.Also, in an attempt to bring \"some order\" in the city and to deal with rampant \"unauthorized\" constructions and encroachment, Authority officials have warned that notices would soon be sent to plot owners who have left their plots vacant as it has been done in Greater Noida. \"These plots may face cancellation if construction is not carried out by the owners,\" said an official.Earlier in February, the Authority via a public notice had announced that it would flatten illegal constructions that have been built in residential, industrial, institutional and commercial areas. \"We will not only bring down such structures but will also bill the violators for the demolition process undertaken and recover the charges from them,\" an Authority official said.The move follows several complaints received from locals and Resident Welfare Associations about unauthorized land use and widespread encroachment of vacant plots and pavements by residents, trespassers, vendors and slum dwellers. The Authority then documented a new policy to check encroachments in Noida. \"Random structures which have come up on the storm-water drains, unauthorized car parking lots, shops, gardens, ramps and the likes at various places, will also be brought down,\" officials warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514563", "title": "Mayawati steals secular thunder from under Mulayam's nose", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mayawati plucked an opportunity out of thin air to slam BJP as a \"communal force\" in the FDI debate, focusing on the symbolism of Babri demolition day that is likely to unnerve rival Samajwadi Party in the fight for Muslim votes.The dalit czarina's attack on saffron benches, after Sushma Swaraj claimed that BSP's help to the Centre on FDI in foreign retail was because of the fear of CBI, was an attempt to turn a political tightrope into an advantage.If the larger saffron strategy behind Swaraj's attack was to pre-empt abstention in Rajya Sabha, the move boomeranged as Mayawati chose to upgrade support by announcing to vote with the government. In a brazen counter-attack, Mayawati dubbed the BJP a \"communal force\" and said victory on FDI would boost its politics. She also said the Vajpayee regime had set the CBI after her for refusing to extend the alliance in UP to the 2004 Lok Sabha polls.It appeared a considered gambit to place BSP above rival SP in professed hostility to the saffron camp to bait Muslims. That it happened on the demolition anniversary was no coincidence \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mayawati's \"secular\" aggression in RS came in conjunction with party MP Shafiqur Rehman Barq's showing of black flag in Lok Sabha.The fire at the saffron party was actually directed at Mulayam Singh Yadav who weaned away minority votes in the UP polls. Mayawati seems confident the growing \"law and order-communal situation\" under Akhilesh Yadav will place her better to tap the Muslim resentment.Not that SP is unmindful of the gradual waning of goodwill. SP leaders claim the vehement opposition to \"promotion quota\" is to offset the negatives with minorities by winning over upper castes and consolidating OBCs. With UPA's survival likely to drag another year with the help of BSP, Mayawati is placing herself to bring together the social alliance that helped her gain the political centrestage. Muslims are a vital cog in that vote wheel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514514", "title": "Smooth landing waiting in wings", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With upgradation of the runway on the cards,you won't feel any jerks as your flight lands at the Chandigarh airport. In a move that would help civilian aircraft operating from the local airport in smooth landing during poor visibility, the air force authorities, which control the runway, and the air traffic control (ATC) of the local airport, have decided to improve the existing runway.The upgradation would help civilian aircraft only from next winter. Though, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) had installed a new instrument landing system (ILS) in January 2011, the ILS is category I type, which is not helpful for pilots to land the aircraft in case the visibility goes down to below 1200 meters.Air Commodore S C Chafekar, air officer commanding (AOC), 12 Wing Air Force Station, Chandigarh, informed that they are going to upgrade the existing runway as per their plan. He further informed that the upgradation would be started in the beginning of next year but did not share the exact details.Terming it as a good move for civilian flights, director, Chandigarh airport, Captain H S Toor said that they had installed the instrument landing system last year, which enables pilots to land up to the visibility of 1200 meters.However the upgradation of the runway would also strengthen the lighting system, besides enhancing its length and would help pilots in landing even if the visibility becomes less than 1200 meters.There are around 22 regular flights from Chandigarh airport to Delhi, Mumbai, Jammu, Amritsar, Srinagar, Leh, Jaipur, besides there are Air India and various other connecting flights for major domestic destinations. Air India, Go Air, Jet Airways , Indigo, Spicejet and Kingfisher are major players operating from the local airport.With the cancellation of flights due to poor visibility at the local airport during last winter session, even after the installation of modern device for landing, around 2,000 passengers faced problems for several days. However, the daily footfall of passengers at the local airport has now reached around 2,500 passengers daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17512840", "title": "Plaint lodged for cheating 50 persons", "text": "MARGAO: Some 50 people from Margao and surrounding areas lodged a complaint with the South Goa SP on Thursday, alleging that they were duped by Shine Multimedia (India) Ltd of their hard earned money amounting to 3 crore invested by them with the firm.They pointed out in the complaint that representatives of the Rajasthan-based firm, having its local office in Margao, approached the complainants some two years back and persuaded them to deposit money in the firm by promising high returns on their investments. Though the investors received monthly returns by cheque regularly for some time, the cheques later stopped coming in and the local office closed its operations since July 2010.Repeated inquiries with the local representatives were met with vague replies. As all other avenues of getting their money back failed, the victims approached the police on Thursday. Police sources said that an offence will be registered following inquiries into the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17512835", "title": "Broken bottles hurt Mumbai tourist at Baga", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Thane, Mumbai, was injured after he came in contact with broken bottle pieces on Baga beach on Thursday afternoon. Lifeguards said Shantanu Santan, 16, was in knee-deep water when he got hurt and was bleeding at the knee and toes. Many tourists visiting the beach at Calangute end up smashing the beer and liquor bottles which they consume on the beach, endangering the safety of others. Citizens have been demanding a ban on tourists drinking in public on the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17515529", "title": "DF govt gets brownie points over go-ahead for memorial", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre's nod for construction of a memorial to Dr B R Ambedkar on the Indu Mills plot may come in handy for the Democratic Front (DF) government in Maharashtra. At Shivaji Park, where thousands of Dalit supporters converged on Thursday to pay their respects to the father of the Indian Constitution on the occasion of his death anniversary praised the Centre. \"All that matters to us is that we have got our memorial,\" said a supporter who travelled from Kohlapur to attend the celebrations.The benefits of its decision will be manifold for the DF government, although the Republican Party of India (RPI) is in alliance with the Shiv Sena. A senior Congress minister said the government is making all the right decisions at the right time. \"You have got to give credit where it is due. The Indu Mills issue will benefit us more than the Sena or the RPI,\" said a minister.Meanwhile, Shivaji Park residents praised the arrangements at Chaityabhoomi. Residents claimed that the situation, including crowd behaviour, sanitation and hygiene conditions, has improved over the past years. \"The arrangements made for the crowd have been better and the people who have gathered have maintained a high-level of discipline,\" said Ashok Rawat, a member of the local citizen association.Smita Bhatt, who was born and brought up in the area, said, \"The crowd may be huge, but the assertion that locals are inconvenienced is far from the truth. This has become an annual event and locals have also become more understanding about the significance of the day in the lives of these people who come here from all over the country.\"\"I noticed people standing in queues that extended right up to Prabhadevi near Siddhivinayak temple ,\" Ashok Chiplunkar, a resident of LJ road said.\"Their behaviour was exemplary as there was no attempt made to jump the queue or indulge in slogan-shouting ,\" he added. Instances of people urinating or defecating in the open has also declined, said Rawat. Ketan Desai, a local resident said, \"The crowd understands the sombreness of the event. As the government had declared to allot the Indu Mills plot to build the Dr B R Ambedkar memorial.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17514461", "title": "Maoist moves HC for bail", "text": "MADURAI: Vivek alias Vivekanandan, who is alleged to have links with extremists has filed a bail petition before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, police said.Vivek, who belongs to the CPI(Maoist), a banned extremist outfit organisation by the government of India was arrested on May 19, this year and has been lodged in jail under judicial custody.In his petition, the petitioner contended that he was not at all connected with the alleged crimes. Being a social activist, he used to participate in the protests against the police personnel. So that he was wantonly implicated in the case, the petitioner stated.He was booked under various Sections of the IPC, Arms Act and Explosives Substance Act in 2009 for the alleged offence of giving arms training to the boys in 2009 in Murugamalai in Periyakulam based on the complaint of Muthu of Periyakulam.Vivek had submitted bail petition before the Principal Sessions Judge of Theni district. But, it was dismissed on November 26, following it, he filed petition before the High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518387", "title": "Celebrate Christmas with 'Bhangra Santa'", "text": "This year, we are in for a real Bolly-tastic treat as Indian composer/producer Kuljit Bhamra MBE introduces a new twist to festivities as he invites us all to 'Have a Jolly Bolly Christmas'. With Christmas fast approaching, the streets will soon be lined with breathtaking window decorations, appearances by Santa, log fires, traditional Christmas puddings and stockings filled with goodies. But hang on - before you begin dusting off your Cliff Richard records - wait!The new album will showcase a medley of songs that are vibrant, moving and heart-warming Bollywood versions of Christmas Favourites. Guaranteed to make you smile and dance at that Xmas party. The CD includes original songs in Hindi and Punjabi written especially for the album by Kuljit along with an updated, festive version of Kuljit's internationally famous Patel Rap (1991) - retitled Patel Wrap!More than just music, the album also includes a Fun Christmas Tale: Follow Bhangra Santa as he attempts to deliver this year's Christmas presents on his own. Randhir and the elves are too ill to work, so Bhangra Santa books a UK Gift Wrap Service and hires a self-drive sleigh; but Sat Navinder - the navigation device, soon reveals a mind of her own! Meanwhile, the Sidhu &amp; Smith newly- weds visit Southall from Newcastle for their first family Christmas meal together.The fun-packed album includes a scene/song book, cut-out cracker jokes and cartoon character gift-tags.A Jolly Bolly Christmas is the first Asian Christmas CD of its type and is a great choice for a unique Christmas gift with a difference.Kuljit says, \"It has been a lot of fun working on this project. I have had the idea for a few years and am really pleased with the way it has turned out. Bhangra fans will not be disappointed either!\"Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514149", "title": "Free bicycles likely for Class X boys", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to give bicycles to Class X students of all categories of high schools, including government, aided and private managed high schools like Saraswati vidya mandir, Sri Aurobinda Sikshya Kendra and Vivekananda Sikshya Kendra, said school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda in the assembly on Thursday.Other beneficiaries of the scheme include scheduled tribe (ST) and scheduled caste (SC) male students of all government and aided high schools, Sanskrit tolls and madrasas of 118 TSP blocks and boys of other backward classes, the minister said. Each beneficiary of the scheme will get a cheque of Rs 2,600 for purchase of a new bicycle. At present, bicycles are provided to Class X girl students of all government and aided high schools, Sanskrit tolls and madrasas.Participating in a marathon debate on the issue during question hour in the House, opposition members, however, alleged that the introduction of such 'populist' schemes for a section of students has been creating a feeling of disparity among students. They said the government should extend such benefit to all category of students.Replying to the debate, Nanda said the scheme is meant to aid students in their studies and pointed out that the supply of dress to all girl students and boys of SC, ST and backward classes, from primary to Class VIII, helped to reduce the dropout rate in schools from 5.51% in 2009-10 to 2.75% in 2011-12.anda said in the current fiscal, 2012-13, the government has made a provision of Rs 117.85 crore to be spent for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515451", "title": "Officer's explanation sought over delayed MCG salaries", "text": "GURGAON: The joint commissioner of the municipal corporation has written to the chief accounts officer, B S Sangwan, asking him to explain why the salaries of certain officials were not being dispensed in a time-bound manner.In the letter there are names of at least four officials working in different departments who have allegedly not received their salaries for the many months. While one is an assistant engineer, two of them are junior engineers, and the fourth is a fire station officer who has complained to senior officials that they have not been receiving their salary.In his defence, the chief accounts officer has claimed while the salaries have been paid regularly only the arrears have not been dispensed in time. \"It is not as big an issue as it is being made out to be. These delays keep happening because of procedural work since many officials are deputed from various other departments and regions in the state. Sometimes their annual confidential reports and service records are submitted late and that's why there is delay in releasing their remuneration. There is no other reason for withholding what is rightfully theirs. We will release the earnings at the earliest,\" said Sangwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517981", "title": "Shopping is a way of life for me: Angad Hasija", "text": "Angad Hasija who will be next seen in a show tentatively titled Savitri on Life Ok is a passionate shopper. He puts in a lot of efforts while buying clothes.He can shop whole day without taking a break it seems and the actor has a special thing for shopping at malls.\"It's a pleasure to shop and a good way to unwind as well. I have more than 50 pairs of denims and I have 110 underwears. I am fond of designer and branded stuffs. After wearing a pair of clothes thrice I start losing interest in it. Every three months I shop for one full day to unwind. My favourite colour is red - be it t-shirt or shirts. But in parties I often wear black as the colour suits me. In jeans my favourite colour is blue. I love to buy variety of pyajamas and three fourth pants as well,\" shares Angad.Normally it is wives who shop excessively but in Angad's case it's he who insists his wife Parneet to shop for herself besides doing his own shopping.He adds, \"I am a shopaholic by choice. I enjoy shopping in malls and even go to exhibitions to look for new clothes. I try to follow the trends also and even mix and match on my own. Passion towards shopping has been existing in me for at least ten years now. Shopping is a way of life for me. I can help people in shopping any time though because of shooting round the clock I don't get the time. I wonder why few people don't like to shop even for themselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17513828", "title": "One held in swindling scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: Thirty-six-year-old M Amutha, Salem rural district secretary of Indiya Jananayaka Katchi's women's wing, was arrested on Wednesday for duping 149 persons of Rs 10.75 crore by operating a fake trading firm. The case was recently transferred to Economic Offences Wing, Coimbatore, from Salem Central Crime Branch. Police said, the managing director of the firm G Geethalakshmi is absconding and a special team has been formed to nab her.Police said, Govindaraj, Salem rural district president of IJK, his wife Geethalakshmi and Amutha started a multilevel trading firm in the name of KGR at Ayothiyapattinam in Salem district two years ago. The firm had announced that anyone investing Rs 1 lakh in the firm would get Rs 10,000 each month. The firm operated 23 businesses including KGR films, transport, foundation trust, emu farms, hotels and construction works.P Hari of Masinaickenpatti in Salem invested Rs 4.5 lakh in August 2012. The first month he received Rs 50,000 as dividend from the firm. However, he did not receive payment for the second month. Consequently, Hari approached the Salem crime branch and filed a case against Govindaraj, managing director Geethalakshmi and partner Amutha on October 5. The police arrested Govindaraj in the same month. Later, the case was transferred to Economic Offences Wing, Coimbatore.On Wednesday, a team of EOW sleuths had gone to Salem and arrested Amutha and she has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison. The police said, the trio had cheated 149 persons in Salem and surrounding areas, swindling Rs 10.75 crore from them.KGR films had taken the distribution rights of Saguni (a Tamil movie) for Salem, Krishnagiri, Dharmapuri and Hosur. KGR emu farm was opened by Tamil cinema actor Anjali.Officials have urged victims to come forward and file charges against the perpetrators. A special team has been formed to nab Geethalakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517492", "title": "Yet another A R Rahman single on 10th Dec", "text": "Mani Ratnam's much-anticipated movie Kadal's audio album is ready to hit the stands. The makers recenlty released one of the songs 'Nenjukkulle' on FM stations a couple of days back and have now decided to release another song 'Keechan' on 10th December.The audio launch is eagerly awaited and Sony Music Entertainment will release the audio of the much talked about album of 'Kadal' composed by Oscar-Grammy award winner. A R Rahman today tweeted \" Keechan - the second single from ' Kadal ' will be out on the 10th of this month.\"The first look posters of ' Kadal ' starring Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair was also released recently and looks like the ace director is playing one card at a time and building the expectations for the film which is already sky high. Interestingly the look of the heroine, Thulasi Nair is yet to be disclosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514528", "title": "Man cons traders of `2crore, held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Busting a fraud worth over Rs 2.10 crore, Economics Offence Wing (EOW) of Chandigarh police arrested a 29-year-old man, who duped traders from different parts of the country, including Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Punjab, Haryana and Delhi. Local police said that he was wanted in various cheating cases by the police of six different states.According to the police, the accused was identified as Gurpreet Singh who frequently changed his name and was also known as Shanty, Sumit Arora, Sumit Kumar, Gurcharan Singh, and Bindra. The accused is a resident of Punjab's Jalandhar town. He was arrested from Jalandhar early Thursday morning.\"Acting on a tip-off, EOW unit set a trap and arrested Gurpreet. He is a very clever criminal and many cases have been registered against him. He was wanted by our counterparts in Ludhiana, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Indore and Raipur,\" said Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of Chandigarh police.\"His interrogation is on. We are trying to ascertain the identities of others involved in the case. We would check his bank accounts and property details,\" said Kumar. His modus operandi was to place bulk orders of copper and other metallic substances through e-mails with traders of other states. Once consignment reached near Chandigarh, he would give fake bank drafts to the truck driver and vanished with the material. Every time, he used new mobile phones and SIM cards to contact suppliers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17514239", "title": "Doha talks to overshoot Friday deadline", "text": "DOHA: The ongoing UN negotiations on climate change are all set to stretch beyond the scheduled deadline of Friday, thanks to the developed world, which has refused to deliver on finance , equity, adaptation and even extending the Kyoto Protocol's shelf life beyond 2013\u00e2\u20ac\u201da pledged that was made last year.And the bid to evolve a consensus looks at least 48 hours away.Here, the prickly negotiations stretched in more than half a dozen meeting rooms through Thursday evening, with developing countries pushing hard to extract commitments from the developed world. But the US and European Union (EU) kept singing the same tune that there was nothing else that could be done on financing the developing nations, or helping them adapt to the issue of equity in reducing emissions that had not been done already and the process should be summarily junked.The frustration peaked when the Philippines' lead negotiator Naderev Sano broke down in his speech on Thursday evening before the gathered 194 countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17514439", "title": "Justice Swatanter Kumar to be appointed as first NGT chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Justice Swatanter Kumar, a judge of the Supreme Court, is all set to become the new chairperson of the National Green Tribunal.Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir has conveyed to the Centre his concurrence with predecessor S H Kapadia's recommendation made in mid-August for appointment of Justice Kumar as the NGT chief.During the hearing before a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya, additional solicitor general A S Chandiok placed the file relating to appointment of NGT chairperson before the court and informed the bench that the government had received the CJI's recommendation.No name was discussed or divulged during the proceedings before the bench of Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhaya, which said the government should strive to issue the notification on appointment of the NGT chief in two weeks.For the last five months, the bench has been trying to make the NGT functional by passing several orders forcing the government to make available office space, fill vacancies of judicial and expert members and provide them with appropriate accommodation and recruit sufficient administrative and clerical staff.The bench recounted how appointment of the NGT chairperson had been hanging fire for the last several months. It asked Chandiok whether the government was ready to give an undertaking about the date by which the appointment would be notified.The ASG's assurance that it would be done expeditiously did not meet the court's expectations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513577", "title": "Milking votes in Gujarat polls", "text": "VADODARA: As Gujarat goes to elections in two phases, at least half-a-dozen 'dudhwallahs', who are involved in the state's over billion dollar dairy sector, are sweating it out to win over the poll battle.In central Gujarat, two dairy chairmen are in the fray from Congress and BJP, while in north Gujarat three directors in the dairy board are contesting.With nearly 30 lakh farmers (milk producers) connected to the co-operative sector in Gujarat, both Congress and BJP-backed candidates are set to milk these producers whose votes count the most.If both Amul Dairy's chairman and vice-chairman Ramsinh Parmar and Rajendrasinh Parmar are contesting as Congress candidates on Thasra and Borsad seats in Kheda and Anand districts respectively, chairman of Panchmahal-based Panchamrut Dairy Jetha Bharwad is contesting for another term as Shehra MLA from BJP.The Parmar duo, both sitting MLAs of Congress, virtually control over 1,100-odd village-level milk societies spread every nook and corner of the twin districts - Anand and Kheda. Another director from Amul Dairy's board Mansinh Chauhan is contesting for a consecutive term as Balasinor MLA in Kheda.BJP's strongman in Panchmahal Bharwad on the other hand is presently enjoying a second term as the dairy co-operative's chairman after he got 18 directors elected unopposed in his panel when elections of Panchamrut Dairy were held in October.Analysts point out that the reach that dairy co-operatives have adds to the winnability factor of such candidates.\"Dairy chairmen and directors are in direct touch of chairmen, secretaries and executive bodies of thousands of village-level milk societies in their districts. Even before they contest the assembly polls, the milk societies that elect them to the dairy's board, already form their voter base - making it easy to milk more,\" a veteran co-operative leader from north Gujarat told TOI.In fact, during the 2007 assembly elections, when three dairy chairmen were in fray, two of them - Baroda Dairy's then chairman Madhu Srivastava (BJP) and Amul Dairy chairman Ramsinh Parmar (Congress) -- had emerged winners .Mehsana Dairy's chairman Vipul Chaudhary, who now heads the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation, was the only one to lose the polls. Chaudhary, however, was given ticket on Bhiloda assembly constituency in Sabarkantha instead of Mehsana by BJP.During this assembly elections, BJP has fielded Baroda Dairy's director and sitting MLA Dinesh Patel alias Dinu Mama from Padra, while dairy's two past chairmen Srivastava and Upendrasinh Gohil are also contesting the polls from BJP on Waghodia and Savli assembly seats.From Asia's largest dairy - Banas Dairy - in north Gujarat, state health minister Parbat Patel, who is director in the dairy's board, is contesting on Tharad seat, while another director from the same dairy Joita Kasna Patel (J K Patel) is contesting as a Congress candidate for Dhanera seat.Interestingly, call it preparation for the assembly polls or the dairy union's elections scheduled after the assembly elections, Amul Dairy's board was quick to increase milk procurement prices paid to milk producers by 10 per kilo fat just when the lush season of milk collection - winter - was about to set in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513030", "title": "NH8 stretch on Delhi-Gurgaon border is India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s deadliest road", "text": "NEW DELHI: Perhaps, the deadliest stretch in the country falls on the Delhi-Gurgaon border on NH8. Data available with TOI shows that 260 lives were lost on this 40-km stretch last year.While the Gurgaon section killed 160 people in 2011, another 100 died in road crashes on Kapdiwas border and Daruhera stretch. The high rate of fatalities has exposed how safety of road users has been the lowest priority in comparison to sustained focus on adding lanes to existing highways to ramp up their capacity. In the past 10 months, the Gurgaon portion of the highway has recorded 121 deaths. All stretches, barring the Manesar-Kapdiwas stretch in Gurgaon, recorded high number of fatalities this year in comparison to 2011.While the 27.7km Delhi-Gurgaon border-Kherki Dhaula stretch has been developed as an expressway, the rest is being expanded to six lanes. Road safety experts have been raising alarm that the safety apparatus have been missing on almost all highway stretches, which are under expansion programme and in the case of already constructed ones there are utter lack of adequate facilities for safe passage of pedestrians and movement of local traffic.Taking note of the trend, the highways ministry has identified Rajeev Chowk and Hero Honda crossings in Gurgaon as major black spots.It has also worked out a strategy to rectify the engineering faults, including placing proper signage, to make them safer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17516879", "title": "Kangana\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s character in 'Queen' inspired by her own life", "text": "Fashionista Kangana Ranaut goes back to her roots. Her new film borrows generously from the actress' own past experiences. In Vikas Behl's 'Queen' Kangana has been cast as a dreamer with aspirations that her small-town upbringing cannot accommodate. So what does she do? She sets out on a journey that takes her soaring into her aspirations. Sounds familiar? Kangana's character in 'Queen' is inspired by her own beginnings in a village in Himachal Pradesh.Says a source, \"When the script of Queen was being written it was Kangana's background as the innocent girl from the hills that was in the writer's mind. He built the screenplay around the basic idea of a girl from a small town moving upwards with her dreams and aspirations. Kangana's life was the reference point.\"One hears incidents from Kangana's past experiences have been incorporated into script. Says a source, \"The character is quirky whimsical emotional and volatile like Kangana. The line between the real Kangana and her character is so flimsy that Kangana many times ended up borrowing from her experiences to play the role of Queen .\"Director Vikas Behl admits, \"In Queen audiences will get to see the quintessential Kangana. Under that chic veneer she is a simple girl from the hills who dreamt big and was propelled into the glam-world by her desire to make her parents proud.\" Kangana's small-town look in the early part of the film is inspired by Jaya Bhaduri in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Guddi and Rani Mukherjee in Bunty Aur Babli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17516495", "title": "Poachers cash in on hibernating turtles", "text": "KANPUR: Come winters, as lakhs of turtles go into hibernation, the region's turtle smugglers become active to cash in on the situation.Also, as most of the agricultural fields dry up post harvesting of rice crop, and the level of water in rivers decreases, poachers are able to easily trap the aquatic animals. The turtles harpooned by poachers often land in fish markets of West Bengal and Assam, besides countries like Bangladesh, Nepal, Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore , which are the biggest consumers of turtle meat.Two back-to-back incidents, wherein two people were arrested with Indian flap-shelled (Lissemys punctata) and Soft-shelled turtles (Aspideretes Gangeticus) in the last one week is direct evidence of the rampant smuggling. A senior forest official in Etawah admitted that smugglers were supplying the turtles to West Bengal and Assam.Ajay, who was arrested near Balrai village by Jaswantnagar police in Etawah on Tuesday confessed that he had bought the turtles from local tribes. According to a police official, Ajay regularly supplies turtles to poachers active in the region. He was caught red-handed while on way to dispatch the consignment of nearly 23 turtles to a poacher.The Indian flap-shelled turtle is the most sought-after turtle species because they are larger and fleshier than other turtles. At times, they can be one feet tall and have been known to survive dry weather for up to five months by going into hibernation.A stretch of Ganga and its major tributaries like Yamuna and Chambal have of late seen mindless killing of defenceless creatures with there being no one to check the poachers. The turtles play an important role in maintaining the ecosystem of the river, said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature. The soft-shelled turtles clean the ecosystem by consuming the carcasses of dead aquatic animals.Chauhan, who has surveyed a major stretch of Chambal river and had himself seen the poachers in the area, said, \"The poachers, who are mostly people hailing from Kanjar and Mallah tribes are equipped with China-net and a specially designed iron hook to trap turtles.\"On April 23, 2012, the staff of Chambal Wildlife Sanctuary recovered a boat and a large fishing net from Kunwarpur village under the Sahson police station area. Expressing concern over the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities towards this, Chauhan said the forest department should intensify river patrolling particularly with the onset of winters to ensure the safety of turtles which are schedule-I animals and killing of which is banned under the Wildlife (Protection) Act.In the past one decade, the cops in the region have recovered almost 25,000 to 30,000 turtles of various hues from smugglers, he added. On Januray 9, 2012, around 4,000 rare turtles were seized from a truck, which had arrived at Jalaun crossing under the Kotwali police station of Auraiyya district.The turtles in 68 sacks, some of them in critical condition, were found loaded in a truck belonging to one Shiv Pratap Rathore of Civil Lines Etawah, on its way to West Bengal. Similarly, on January 25, nearly 1380 rare turtles were seized from a truck in the limits of Saifai police station in Etawah district.According to police, the turtles, worth several lakh, were being taken to Vangaon area in District Uttar Pargana of West Bengal. Manik Chandra Yadav, district forest officer, Etawah said, the accused would be prosecuted under the Wildlife Protection Act and measures would be initiated to tighten vigil along the river banks and water bodies to stop illegal wildlife trade.\"Turtles seized on Tuesday by Jaswantnagar police were released into river Yamuna. Patrolling along the banks of Chambal river and other water bodies is being intensified,\" said the DFO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17514066", "title": "Bangalore man jailed for plucking saplings", "text": "BANGALORE: Can plucking a sapling or two from Bangalore's Cubbon Park land you in jail? It did for K Venkatesh from Kolar district. The 38-year-old is currently cooling his heels in the Central Prison, where he has been remanded till December 19 as he was unable to afford legal help and arrange for his bail.Venkatesh, who does doing odd jobs for a living, was caught plucking two saplings at a horticulture department nursery in the Cubbon Park on Tuesday. Venkatesh reportedly told police he had plucked the saplings out of curiosity.\"We have been facing a lot of thefts of flowering plants in the nursery of the green house,\" the police complaint filed by the the horticulture department said. Venkatesh has been booked for theft and other offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513791", "title": "Smart cages for trapped tigers", "text": "KOLKATA: Bloodied royal tigers are a sorry sight. And, every time a tiger is captured during trap-and-rescue missions, it ends up with deep gashes and wounds while trying to escape from the cage.But this will soon become a thing of the past as the forest department plans to introduce new cages and are working with an NGO to that effect. \"The crudely designed iron cage trap is the principal cause of injury. It is a major hazard because the widely-spaced iron bars cut into the flesh when the confused and angry animal prances about the cage and attempts to break through the barrier. The heavy cage also causes injury to the bearers. Hence, we have re-engineered the trap cage so that it is safe for both animal and man,\" said Sunderban Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas.The 10 trap cages that are currently used in the Sunderbans weigh around 350-400kg each. With a 120kg tiger trapped inside, the gross weight exceeds 500kg and requires 14-15 people to lift.Since these cages cannot be transported by men over long distances, often the tiger is shifted to a transfer cage. The multiple handling further irritates and enrages the big cat.The new cage design commissioned by WWF India, a leading nature conservation organization, will be a safe and handy trap cage that is technologically equipped. \"The idea was to have a lightweight trap cage that does not cause any injury to the animal or the bearers. Hence, instead of leaving the design to a fabricator, we have taken the help of a structural engineer,\" he added.Apart from being 50% lighter, safer and corrosion-free, the cage will also be fitted with electronic sensors and gadgets that will automatically shoot SMS to five programmed cellphone numbers when a tiger is trapped. This is vital to reduce response time. At present, forest staff lay the cage trap in the afternoon or evening and returns to base. Next day, only after villagers spot a tiger in the cage and inform the foresters, do the people come back to rescue it. This takes a minimum of 8-10 hours. The automated SMS service is expected to cut down response time by half.Also, the tiger's weight and photograph will be automatically recorded. \"Till now, tiger weight could only be taken when the animal is tranquilized. But now, this date can be taken without sedating the big cat,\" said Vyas.While the prototype was developed a couple of months ago, a full-scale cage is now under fabrication for field trials during the radio collaring project that begins later this month. The Wildlife Institute of India had earlier called for use of modern cages during the radio collar programme that requires trapping of 10 tigers.With the new cage expected to cost around Rs 1.25-1.5 lakh, the forest department hopes to replace the entire lot in a year. \"The cage replacement project will be taken up on priority basis once the field trials are over and, if required, necessary changes are made. Once that's done, it will reduce stress on tigers and handlers and ensure no one is injured,\" the forester added.In the Indian Sunderbans, there has been no loss of human life or significant injury from straying of tigers into villages. That's because forest department staff has managed to trap the tigers in iron cages and take them away for release in the core area.But these trap-and-rescue missions have had a toll on tigers with several of them suffering brutal injuries while attempting to escape from the cage. Bloodied royal tigers are a sorry sight. At times, the injury is so bad that the tiger has to be tranquilized for treatment and then transported to the tiger rescue centre at Khairabari in north Bengal instead of the wild.Soon, this tiger trauma could end with the forest department realizing what caused the injuries and working with an NGO to remedy it. \"The crudely designed iron cage trap is the principal cause of injury. It is a major hazard because the widely-spaced iron bars cut into the flesh when the confused and angry animal prances about the cage and attempts to break through the barrier. The heavy cage also causes injury to the bearers. Hence, we are re-engineered the trap cage so that it is safe for both animal and man,\" said Sunderban Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas.The 10 trap cages that are currently used in the Sunderbans weight around 350-400 kg each. With a 120-kg tiger trapped inside, the gross weight exceeds 500 kg and requires 14-15 people to lift. Since these cages cannot be transported by men over long distances, often the tiger is shifted to a transfer cage. The multiple handling further irritates and enrages the big cat, triggering aggressive behavior that leads to injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17513432", "title": "Voters' list should be basis for rehab: Governor", "text": "GUWAHATI: Governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik on Thursday told a delegation of Bodo leaders that rehabilitation of displaced people in the BTC area should be carried out within a definite time frame as per the voters' list and not only on the basis of land ownership as there are landless people in every community of Assam. He said the problem of the landless is not only limited to the BTC area alone.A delegation comprising BTC deputy chief Kampa Borgoiyari, transport minister Chandan Brahma and BTAD principal secretary Mukesh Sahu met the governor at Raj Bhavan here. BTC deputy chief submitted a memorandum to Patnaik and discussed the developments in the BTC area. The BTC representatives agreed to comply with the governor's suggestions.Patnaik said the agreement between the BTC administration and the Group of Ministers, which was constituted to look into the relief and rehabilitation in BTAD, was for a limited purpose and period and that is now over. \"The voters' list should be taken as the basis for rehabilitation of displaced persons because every voter is supposed to be a citizen of the country. In a democracy, the people's representatives are elected by the registered voters of the country and BTC has also been represented by people elected by voters. Denying voters their citizenship will mean neglecting the process of elected democracy in our country,\" he added.Patnaik said that he is endowed with special powers under the sixth schedule of the Constitution for the governance of sixth schedule areas. He suggested that the BTC should apprise him of the development and other issues regularly from time to time as the council was constituted in 2003 under the sixth schedule of the Constitution.He added that the accounts of the BTC should be properly maintained, audited by the Accountant General of Assam and reports placed before the legislature. He suggested immediate introduction of panchayati raj system in BTC areas so that the fruits of development can be enjoyed by people at the grassroots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17515141", "title": "Dr Raman Singh assures jobs to physios on strike", "text": "RAIPUR: Chief minister, Dr Raman Singh has assured the students of Physiotherapy for creating jobs in government sector as they were protesting for it for past 15 days. After meeting with the representatives of Physiotherapy students in a public meeting today Dr Singh directed the health department officials to see the possibility of creation of the posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17513636", "title": "Youth held for death of minor girl", "text": "KOCHI: Police on Thursday arrested a 23-year-old youth in connection with the death of a girl who had an affair with the accused. The girl, a minor, and the arrested youth, identified as Shahul Hameed of Muppathadam, belonged to different religions. The affair ended in a tragedy after the girl, who was four months pregnant, committed suicide on November 30.Police arrested the person after chasing him for five days. He was arrested by a police team led by Aluva circle inspector S Jayakrishan. The accused was presented before the judicial first class magistrate court at north Paravoor and remanded in judicial custody.According to police, on November 30 the body of the girl was found hanging from the ceiling of her bedroom at her house. Her father lodged a complaint with the police after the post-mortem report found that she was four months pregnant.An investigation by police revealed that the girl had an affair with the accused, who betrayed her.Though the girl pleaded with him to marry her, the person turned down her request. Dejected over the development, the girl took the extreme step.Police said that the accused, who was running a rent-a-car business, fled the place after the death of the girl. \"We started by tracking his mobile phone location. His family members were apprised of the gravity of the offence. We also decided to issue a look out notice against him. Finally, we tracked him when he reached his native place to meet his family members,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17514713", "title": "Penney defends team's tactics", "text": "KOLKATA: It was almost like sending in the nightwatchman, and Trevor Penney had to fend off a few bouncers. Why are specialist slip fielders in the outfield? Why were so many easy singles available in front of midoff and cover? Why are slip fielders being rotated? Why are fielders like Zaheer Khan not willing to do the basics? Is India's invincibility at home under threat?With the media expecting someone from the playing XI to turn up for the end-of-day media conference at the Eden Gardens, Penney's arrival took most by surprise but they were soon getting Team India's fielding coach to field a few sharp ones.\"We have got lot of different slip fielders. Sehwag has been fielding there, but (Cheteshwar ) Pujara has also been practising a lot there. He's been one of our better slip fielders over the last month or so. I know he dropped a catch today which was very crucial, but that happens in cricket,\" Penney began. \"With regards to the singles, maybe we didn't get our best fielders in those positions. It's crucial, with hitting the spinners and running. It's quite difficult on the outfield, which is very very fast and sometimes bubbly. You got to take your chances and we didn't.\"He said the policy of rotating the slip fielders was to protect them. \"Ashwin doesn't normally go in (to the slips), so I can't comment on that. But, then, we practise (for slips) with quite a few to be able to field there. We try to have everyone field everywhere. Ashwin too has done a lot in the slips and gully as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17513169", "title": "Clashes rock Cairo, 7 killed outside president's palace", "text": "Egyptian army tanks are seen behind barbed wire securing the perimeter of the presidential palace during a protest by opponents of President Mohammed Morsi, in Cairo on Thursday. (AP Photo))CAIRO: Deadly clashes broke out on Thursday between supporters of Egypt's Islamist President Mohamed Morsi and opposition protesters in front of the high-security presidential palace even as his deputy proposed a way to end the dispute over a draft constitution.Officials said seven people were killed and 350 wounded in the violence. Six of the dead were Morsi supporters, the Muslim Brotherhood said. Tanks and armoured cars were positioned outside the presidential palace as hundreds of Morsi supporters chanted slogans in his favour. Brotherhood members boxed protesters in from two sides, leading to scuffles, Al-Nahar TV channel reported. The clashes came after Morsi, who on Wednesday left the palace through back gate, on Thursday returned to the complex.Meanwhile, three of Morsi's advisers have quit as clashes raged. Amr al-Laythi, Seif Abdel Fattah and Ayman al-Sayyad handed in their resignation, Egypt's official MENA agency reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512884", "title": "Mfucto to protestnear assembly", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers Organisation (Mfucto) will hold a state-level protest near the Maharashtra assembly on the opening day of the winter session. The protest march will start from Patwardhan ground, near Yashwant Stadium, on December 10 at 12noon.It will be led by organization president Shivajirao Patil, secretary Tapti Mukhopadhyay and B T Deshmukh, former member of the legislative council. Last month, the units of organization were conducted university and district level conventions of teachers to mobilize their participation in the protest.Mfucto, the apex organization for all university and college lecturers, has been fighting for various demands since long. Earlier, the higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope had assured to bring out a government resolution by the end of June to provide placement benefit to about 8,000 NET/SET affected teachers appointed between 1991 and 2000 in various colleges under different universities in the state.Assurance was also given about the payment of arrears for the period between 2006 and 2010 by virtue of the sixth pay revision whereby 80% financial assistance was to be given by the Centre. The Centre conveyed its readiness to release financial assistance and directed the state to first clear the dues and later claim reimbursements. Allegedly, these assurances were not kept which resulted in widespread resentment among teachers.Besides this, other demands include implementation of the package scheme like raising the age of superannuation to 65 without any condition, releasing the sixth pay revision arrears to teachers of social work colleges in the state, payment of salary on the first of every month, removing discrimination in respect of payment of arrears to teachers in colleges of physical education and executing court orders.Mfucto has on different occasions staged dharnas in Mumbai and Pune and held demonstrations before the ministry of higher and technical education. Last month, the minister for social justice Shivajirao Moghe discussed these issues with a delegation of Mfucto at Mantralaya and made commitments but to the dismay of teachers no action was taken.Mfucto has appealed to teachers of Nagpur, Amravati and Gondwana universities to join the protest in large numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17515019", "title": "Water board\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s shortage of funds delays project", "text": "HYDERABAD: With contractors stopping the laying of sewer pipelines in Old City since August over non-payment of their bills there is no hope that the project will meet its deadline which is the end of this month.The shortage of funds with the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board is expected to delay the project, which has been sanctioned under the JNNURM scheme, by at least six more months. That also means that the restoration of roads which have been dug up for laying the sewer lines will remain unrepaired until the project is finished.The Rs 400-crore \"rehabilitation and strengthening of sewerage system in Old City started in 2008 under the JNNURM scheme. The entire work has been divided into two zones. Each zone has further been divided into three phases with each phase assigned to one company on contract. The sewerage master plan has been prepared to meet the population demand up to 2021 for an area of 351.63 sq km. As part of the master plan, works like rehabilitation, strengthening and improvement of sewerage system in Old City has been planned. According to the original timeline, the project should be completed by this year end but the contractors and officials of the HMWSSB say that they need an extension.An official of the firm executing the project said that they had completed around 80% of the work assigned to them but received payment for only 40% of the work. \"We are yet to prepare our September bills. This will only add up to the dues. We have not been receiving regular payment for more than a year now. So we have stopped work since August,\" he said adding that at least a four-month extension was required to complete the pending work.In Zone 1 though works have nearly been completed in phase one and three, works have slowed in phase two (Charminar area) as permissions could not be obtained on time. Surprisingly, the status report available on JNNURM's website says that 99% of the work in zone 1 is complete though officials of HMWS&SB; say that more than one percent of the work is pending. In Zone 2, which began a year after zone 1 began has progressed at a very slow pace but the status report says that 90 percent of the work is complete. In all three phases, contractors have complained of delay in payments. The total cost utilization in zone 1 amounts to 37% of approved cost while 61% of the approved cost was utilized in zone two.A senior official of HMSWWB admitted that shortage of funds was indeed a problem but said that they are certain of getting an extension for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17513288", "title": "Cops clueless in elderly couple murder case", "text": "INDORE: Even after 48 hours of the brutal murder of an elderly couple in Lasudia, the police are clueless about the murderer. Superintendent of Police (SP) OP Tripathi said the accused are still at large. However, police will soon arrest them, he assured.Sources said that police have interrogated the former domestic helps of the house who reportedly denied any role in the incident. They even denied that they had introduced the new domestic help to the family. Cops are now looking for other clues that can lead them to nab the murderer. It is reported that the accused have not switched on their cell phone after the incident. Earlier, police had found that three persons were involved in the murder of elderly couple in Scheme number 114 in Lasudia area, which occurred on Tuesday. Police issued the sketch of all three accused by Wednesday.The elderly couple Kirit Thakkar, 67, and his wife Varsha Thakkar, 59, were killed by unidentified accused in their house in Scheme number 114, part 2. After killing the elderly couple, the accused reportedly escaped with about Rs 5 lakh cash and jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17513811", "title": "3 more H1N1 deaths in city, taking toll to 12 this year", "text": "COIMBATORE: In the last one week three separate cases of H1N1 deaths have been reported in the city. With the most recent deaths, the number of H1N1 deaths reported in district hospitals has increased to 12. While two were patients at a private hospital, one succumbed at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.Armugham (65), a resident of Edappady in Salem district and Karupannan(58) from Peelamedu, both undergoing treatment at the GKNM died on December 3 and December 5 respectively. According to the hospital authorities, Armugham, who was a block development officer, was admitted at a private hospital in Erode where he stayed for a week and was later discharged. However, a few days later his health deteriorated again and the hospital referred him to the GKNM hospital in Coimbatore.He had diabetes for more than ten years and had undergone open heart surgery. Though he was normal, he developed dry cough and breathing difficulties.He was admitted at the hospital on November 29. He had to be put on ventilator and despite treatment he died on December 3.In another case Karupannan, who was a principal at CIT Sandwich Polytechnic died at the hospital despite treatment. He was suffering from hypertension and bypass surgery and was admitted at the hospital with respiratory problems on November 29.Similarly Sadasivam (42), a native of Bhavani Taluk in Erode died at the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital on December 5, despite treatment. Resident Medical Officer, P Sivaprakasam, said that he was not aware of the death as he was out of station.Family members of deceased could not be contacted for comments. With this, the number of H1N1 deaths reported in the district has increased to 12 this year. This includes deaths of five persons within corporation limits and one from Udumalpet municipality. The remaining four victims were from other districts.Dr R Damodharan, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore, said residents with sustained symptoms of fever, throat ache and respiratory disorders for more than 48 hours have been advised to seek proper medical care immediately as any delay could lead to dire consequences.\"Since it is the festive season, there will be an increase in the movement of people in the city especially at public places and shopping hubs. The chances of infection spreading to others are higher. Therefore, we advice people to take proper medical care and avoid going to public places if they are suffering from any contagious disease,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513360", "title": "20 thousand to walk for healthy democracy", "text": "VADODARA: The district administration is expecting nearly 20,000 citizens to participate in the marathon scheduled on Sunday to appeal to people to come out and vote during the assembly polls on December 17.On Thursday, Vadodara collector and district election officer Vinod Rao addressed a gathering in a programme organized by Federation of Gujarat Industries (FGI) and Vadodara Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Vat C C Mehta auditorium of M S University campus to maximize the turnout of voters during the forthcoming elections.The election officials with the help of Vadodara Marathon (VM) had earlier popularized the marathon as 'Run for Healthy Democracy' but on Thursday Rao insisted that the marathon should turn into a city walk.\"With the support of all like-minded organizations we are expecting 20,000 citizens to participate in 'city walk for healthy democracy',\" said Rao, adding that the idea is to involve people from all sections of society and appeal to citizens to exercise their voting rights.Rao said that efforts are being made to improve the voting percentage by at least 10 per cent during the forthcoming polls.\"It is an irony that Gujarat, which is a state known for free and fair polls, is not known for its participative elections as it is amongst the poorest in terms of voting percentage,\" said Rao. He added that while average voting of Vadodara district stands at 58 per cent, Vadodara city's average voting is nearly 55 per cent.\"We want the voting percentage to improve by at least ten per cent in this election for which we are taking a series of measures including reaching out to target groups and organizing 'celebrating democracy' week from December 9 to December 15,\" he said.Rao also informed that 3,150 booth level officers will reach out to five lakh homes to distribute 28 lakh voter slips within three days ahead of the elections to ensure that voters do not get harassed on the polling day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17518224", "title": "Pakistan selector injured in attack", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's national cricket selector Asif Baloch has been left critically injured after being attacked by armed men in the troubled province of Baluchistan.Baloch, a co-opted member of the national selection committee for the last few years who hails from Baluchistan, was attacked and shot several times by gunmen while on duty in the Panjgor area of the province on Wednesday.\"His condition is not stable as yet and he was flown to Karachi and admitted to the Intensive care unit of a private hospital,\" a relative said.Baloch has toured with the Pakistan team as manager and is a senior official in Pakistan Customs.\"He could have been the victim of smugglers as he supervised check posts in the area,\" a provincial official said.Asif, a former first-class cricketer, has remained associated with Pakistan cricket in different capacities.His brother, Tariq, is also a member of the Pakistan Cricket Board's governing council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17512765", "title": "'Inspect projects to ensure parking space'", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda independent MLA Vijai Sardesai has written to the South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA), ahead of their meeting, demanding physical inspections of all projects seeking approval to ensure parking space exists at site.Referring to site inspections of certain projects on December 4, the SGPDA member said parking space at most was found to be not practically feasible \"at loco\".He claimed many projects show parking space only on their plans and in reality the parking is done on the roads which belong to the public and are maintained with tax payers' money.\"In case of proposals coming up for occupancy, it is advisable that the parking layout as approved is physically demarcated at loco and verified for its feasibility,\" Sardesai has written to SGPDA.He later told reporters he plans to form a committee of technical experts to monitor projects in Fatorda.He said he has appealed to the government to start planning now to tackle the various congestion, parking, water, garbage issues and problems of indiscriminate real estate development in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17515063", "title": "Commercial units hit too", "text": "LUDHIANA: Earlier, power cuts were mainly the bane of the summer.But now the Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd (PSPCL) has started imposing cuts in the winter, making it a perennial problem.Its not just domestic consumers who are hassled by the erratic power supply. The commercial repercussions are even more far-reaching.Bimal Ahuja, a businessman of Dugri Phase One, said, \"For the last 7 to 8 days, the Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd is resorting to power cuts ranging from 15 minutes to an hour, four to five times a day in our area. Power cuts are affecting business adversely.\"No matter how much residents complain, the situation is unlikely to improve soon because PSPCL claims to be powerless in this regard.Tarlok Singh, superintendent engineer, Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd , Ludhiana West comprising areas of Civil Lines, Model Town, BRS Nagar, Agar Nagar, Sarabha Nagar, Country Homes, South City etc, said, \"Power cuts have been enforced by the northern grid at a time when demand for electricity exceeds availability. We have no control on this.\"The worst affected areas include Civil Lines, Model Town, BRS Nagar, Agar Nagar, Sarabha Nagar, Country Homes, South City, Gurdev Nagar and Rajguru Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17512520", "title": "Ourem creek stink: GSPCB notice to PWD for faulty STP at Patto", "text": "PANAJI: Acting on a complaint that raw sewage is being released into the Ourem creek from the sewage treatment plant (STP) at Patto, Panaji , the Goa state pollution control board has issued a notice to the PWD to take corrective measures at the earliest.During the inspection which was conducted by GSPCB in the presence of the complainant, Uday Priolkar, and officials of PWD, it was found that \"environmental pollution is being caused due to inefficient operation of the sewage treatment\" .It was observed that the sludge drying bed was not functioning properly and that there was foul odour eminating from the STP.The inspection also revealed that the amount of raw sewage received by the STP was not known and that the final discharge quantity records were also not being maintained as the flow metre has not been provided.GSPCB also took samples of the water discharged into the creek from the chlorination tank and the analysis found that the values of suspended solids exceed permissible limits.As environmental pollution was confirmed, GSPCB issued the notice under Section 33 (A) of Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, to the PWD's STP management.Directions were also issued to check the STP performance and prevent further discharge till corrective measures are taken. The PWD has also been asked to submit a compliance report within seven days.During the inspection, Ulhas Bhaje, chlorinator operator at the STP, told GSPCB there is no screening of raw effluent and no proper chlorination is being carried out.Priolkar, the complainant, had alleged that the STP was discharging raw sewage into the creek that was causing water pollution. He further claimed that old reports had shown the presence of E coli in the creek's water.K R Srikant, superintendent engineer, PWD, denied that raw sewage was being released into the creek. He said the PWD is in the process of rectifying the system wherever possible. He further said the department has proposed the setting up of a new STP at Patto and is awaiting government approval for the same.Sources said the present STP was constructed by EDC 20 years ago and was handed over to the PWD 10 years ago.The technology was decided by EDC and hence PWD finds it difficult to handle the STP, sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17514396", "title": "BJP rally to begin from Ramgarh", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to kick-start its 'hunkar bolo' rally from Ramgarh in the Hazaribag Lok Sabha Constituency on December 21 to counter the All Jharkhand Students' Union's parivartan' rally.The rally aims to target the UPA government at the Centre and focus on the welfare projects by the Arjun Munda-led government in the state, said BJP district president Raj Kumar Lall and Banshidhar Rukhaiyar, MP from the Hazaribag Lok Sabha constituency at a joint press conference on Thursday. The party's first rally at state-level will be addressed by Munda, state president Dineshanand Goswami and Hazaribag MP Yashwant Sinha.AJSU, at its November 5 rally, had attacked Sinha for his alleged failure in developing the Hazaribag Lok Sabha constituency, which lacks roads and basic amenities like drinking water and jobs for youth. BJP also plans to unmask some coal and land mafias who, the saffron party claims, are members of AJSU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17513580", "title": "Now leave your night treats to this trio", "text": "VADODARA: Having a late night grub was a major issue in the city till very recently with restaurants closing down by 11 pm. Even today only some eateries remain open past this deadline.It is an issue that most Barodians have been complaining about, but a group of youths decided to turn the situation they were facing into an opportunity. They ensured that those wanting to eat got food even in the early hours of the day.Harshil Choksi, who is pursuing a post-graduate diploma (PGD) in banking and insurance , Ujjwal Pathak, who is pursuing a PGD in business administration, and a friend Devraj Trivedi started the service that is the only one of its kind giving home delivery of food till 4 am.Choksi said, \"As students, even we faced problems when we wanted to eat out late in the night. Most restaurants were closed and those open in nooks and corners did not provide good food. We noticed that several others were facing a similar situation.\"The trio was clear that they would not take up jobs and decided to start delivery of food in the night. \"We got a small kitchen space in Karelibaug and started operations in August. Gradually the word spread and we started getting business,\" said Trivedi.Trivedi pointed out that initially they went to areas like station and gave numbers to persons who were disappointed when they did not get food late in the night. \"We started getting orders. We had hired a cook and even we work in the kitchen,\" he said.The budding entrepreneurs take their job seriously and it is not merely a casual affair. \"In heavy downpour, we delivered food wading through knee-deep water and it impressed our clients. Today, they are our committed customers,\" said Trivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17515277", "title": "Indian worker kills self in first Dubai Metro suicide case", "text": "DUBAI: A 36-year-old Indian in an inebriated state committed suicide in Dubai Metro, in a first such case, throwing himself under a train after being refused by his employer from returning home.\"On Monday the Indian worker, who has been identified as HUM committed suicide on the track,\" said major general Khamis Mattar Al Mazeina, deputy chief of Dubai police. \"The speeding metro struck the man while he was lying on the track.\"Mazeina said H U M was working in Dubai since 2010 and had asked his company to cancel his residency visa and send him back home. The suicide took place on Monday, the first death in the railways' three years of operation.\"H U M had complained to the ministry of labour to make his company cancel his visa. The company did cancel his visa but we are investigating why the company delayed sending H U M back home,\" Mazeina said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515504", "title": "Verdict on bail plea of three accused in Reebok case today", "text": "GURGAON: The trial court will give its decision of bail plea of three accused in the Rs 870 crore Reebok India scam on Friday. Three accused - Somya, Anand Agarwal and Sanjeev Mishra - had applied for bail through their counsel in the court of JMIC Gurgaon.Last month the first bail came in the case when Surkshit Bhatt, a former sales executive with Reebok, was granted bail by the same court after producing two sureties and depositing Rs 1 lakh. Two more persons accused - Vikas Uppal, a former company executive, and Prashant Bhatnagar, the company's head for logistics - in the alleged fraud case were released on bail on December 4. The hearing in the case for argument on charges in the charge-sheet is also scheduled for Friday.In November, the Gurgaon police had filed charges booking the total loss incurred by Reebok India on account of the alleged financial irregularities at Rs11.3 crore, a fraction of the Rs870 crore mentioned in a May 21 first information report (FIR).Meanwhile, the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO), the country's corporate fraud investigation body, has arrested 12 accused, including two main accused - Prem and Bhagat - in the Reebok India scam. The agency claims to have found evidence related to falsified documents amounting to sundry debtor charges up to Rs 500 crore. The court has already rejected the anticipatory bail application of two main accused Prem and Bhagat.However, cops believe that four illegal warehouses were secretly hired by former MD Subhender Singh Prem, COO Vishnu Bhagat and warehouse incharge Prashant Bhatnagar in the name of 'Sanjeev Mishra'. The police said the accused were involved in the generation of fake sales and \"falsification of books of accounts of Reebok since 2005\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17513992", "title": "Assam Rifles officer held for running fake job racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people, including a woman, have been arrested for allegedly duping hundreds of people, across eleven states, by promising them jobs in health and family welfare ministry.Accused Dr Kam Dev Das (45) is the deputy commandant of Assam Rifles and a resident of Devghar ( Jharkhand ), while the other accused, Archana Sinha, is a native of Assam. According to the crime branch, they had received a complaint that Major Ravinder Chauhan had duped 38 villagers for around a crore after promising them jobs in Assam Rifles and health ministry.Chauhan, whose real name is Kam Dev Das, was arrested by the crime branch last week, while Archana was held two days later. Police have recovered Rs 5.19 lakh cash, 21 fake seals/stamps of Assam Rifles and the health ministry, over 200 fake provisional appointment letters and a list of 2,000 prospective candidates from the accused woman.\"Archana has confessed that she, along with Das, ran this job racket,\" said DCP crime branch, SBS Tyagi. \"She would appoint her agents in Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh , MP, UP, Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Nagaland etc. These agents would lure innocent job seekers and collect an advance of Rs 25,000 to 1 lakh from each candidate. Thereafter, all the candidates would be called to Guwahati/Jorhat and lodged in a hotel. The candidates would then undergo fake medical examinations and asked to sign blank answersheets. They would then be asked to return and wait for the results,\" said Tyagi.\"Archana would collect anywhere between Rs 1.5 lakh to 1.7 lakh per candidate from these agents. Out of this, she would give Rs 40,000 per candidate to Das. After collecting the money, she and her agents would ignore the candidates. And in case any candidate mounted pressure on the agents to return the money, Archana would return only a part of the amount,\" added Tyagi.Das has completed his MBBS from Darbhanga Medical College and has also worked with the Indian Railways. In 2003, he was appointed as the medical officer in Assam Rifles, and was also promoted to deputy commandant in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17514873", "title": "Infant star may shed light on birth of our solar system", "text": "London: For the first time, a 'baby' star has been captured just before 'birth' by astronomers - a breakthrough scientists believe could hold clues as to how our solar system formed.The discovery provides the missing link in understanding how giant gas clouds collapse to form fully fledged stars.The star's swirling disk of dust and gas is the youngest still-forming planetary system yet found - and could help explain how our own solar system ormed, the Daily Mail said.The infant is just 300,000 years old at most - compared to the 4.6-billion-year age of our Sun and its planets - and is more than 450 light-years from Earth in the constellation Taurus.\"It may be even younger, depending on how fast it accumulated mass in the past,\" John Tobin , a Hubble Fellow student at the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in West Virginia , said.The star is expected to pull in material from its surroundings to eventually match it. The disk surrounding it contains at least enough 'stuff ' to make seven Jupiters. \"This very young object has all the elements of a solar system in the making,\" Tobin said.Called L1527 IRS, the star resides in the stellar nursery, Taurus Cloud, and is one of the closest examples of the earliest stage of star formation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518433", "title": "AR Murugadoss defends Ajith", "text": "AR Murugadoss has always given utmost importance to both the story and the lead actor of his films. There are cases in which he keeps the script ready and then thinks about the actor and there are situations wherein he prepares a script, keeping an actor in mind.The actor recently revealed that he made Ramana specifically for Vijayakanth as he felt that the subject would suit a 'larger-than-life' audience. Similarly, when he was asked, what he had in mind for actor Ajith, whom he worked with in Dheena , and the director said that if Ajith had to work with a debutante director, he should have proved himself by giving four or five hits. Only then should the director approach someone of Ajith's stature.Ajith had worked with debutant directors like SJ Suryah, AL Vijay and Murugadoss himself, when these directors were just getting a taste of the tinsel town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513880", "title": "Schools await notification", "text": "PUNE: Prominent schools in the city await formal notification from the state directorate of education before going ahead with the kindergarten (KG) admissions. On the other hand, the directorate of education is taking steps to create awareness among schools about the admission schedule, reservation of 25% seats under the Right to Education Act (RTE) and the procedure of admission to avoid confusion among schools and parents.The state government on Wednesday put an end to the confusion on KG admissions with a statement that schools could go ahead with their ongoing admission process as long as they reserved 25% seats according to the RTE Act.Madhavi Bhagaonkar, principal, SPM English medium schools, told TOI on Thursday that they wanted to complete the admission procedure for nursery but the management has decided to wait for official directives from the government.Bhagaonkar said, \"We will keep aside 25% seats under the RTE rules, but we want to complete the admission procedure for the remaining 75% at the earliest. However, there has been much uncertainty among parents and school authorities after all the confusion created by the government.\"Nandini Charles, principal, Vikhe Patil memorial school, said: \"As soon as we get an official statement from the government, we will go ahead with admissions. Right now we have stopped accepting forms from candidates.\"Nandakumar Kakirde, director Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Pune Kendra, said: \"We did not receive any official statement from the government to stop the admission process. So, we never discontinued it. We have anyway kept aside 25% seats for the marginally weaker sections of the society.\" Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan runs one nursery school in Kothrud and another in Shivajinagar.V N Chavan, the school committee chairman of Abhinav Vidyalaya, also said that unless the school receives an official notification, they will not go further with admissions. \"There has been enough confusion and we want to avoid it in the future.\"Shreedhar Salunke, state director of education (primary and secondary), said: \"All the regional directorates of education in the state have been asked to inform the schools about the admission process and other directives about admission. The regional directorates have also been asked to send a circular to schools on the schedule of admission for students seeking admission under the 25% reservation.\"Besides sending the circular to schools, it is expected that the regional directorates also conduct a meeting of principals to explain the procedure of admission as chalked out by the state education department. Salunke said, \"We are aggressively trying to create awareness among schools to avoid all confusion. We want maximum number of students to take advantage of the 25% reservation scheme and will promote it vigorously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17555981", "title": "Officials of anti-encroachment drive manhandled in Aurangpura", "text": "AURANGABAD: The anti-encroachment department of the AMC on Thursday faced stiff resistance in trying to shift hawkers occupying unauthorized places at the Aurangpura area.The hawkers manhandled the members of the anti-encroachment drive team. The officials urged them to co-operate but the vendors and hawkers did not comply.The drama continued for more than 20 minutes. With the help of police personnel present on the spot, the action was carried out. The corporation did not file any police complaint against the vendors.In addition to this, the officials of the civic body cleared railway station and Tilak Path area of illegal vendors on Thursday. The AMC officials did not face any problems on these two locations.For the past few days, the corporation has undertaken a massive anti-encroachment drive to help create wide roads in the city. On Wednesday, the officials demolished illegal constructions in Silk Mill colony. The occupants of the area complied with the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17517310", "title": "Focus on Nikki Haley after US senator quits", "text": "WASHINGTON: The surprise decision of a Republican senator to quit and become the next head of conservative think tank Heritage Foundation has focused attention on South Carolina's Indian-American governor Nikki Haley .For under the state law the first-term governor will not only appoint senator Jim DeMint's successor, she'll set off dominoes that will reshape the next two years in state politics, culminating with two US Senate elections and her own potential re-election bid, according to Politico, a politics focused media site.The driving question is whether Haley selects a caretaker for the seat who would agree not to run for the full six-year term in 2014 - or taps an ally that would help cement her legacy, it wondered.A spokesman for the governor declined to speculate on a timeline for the decision, but DeMint's resignation will take effect before the next Congress convenes Jan 3, leaving a little more than three weeks for a decision.House member Tim Scott is seen as the leading contender for the appointment among Republican consultants and officials, largely because the 47-year-old African-American would provide diversity and geographic balance, the site said.But in-state operatives cited by the Politico cautioned that the fastest way to lose the independent-minded Haley is to try to force her hand.\"Nikki Haley marches to the beat of her own drummer,\" Joel Sawyer, a Columbia-based Republican consultant and former executive director of the state party, was quoted as saying.If Haley was looking for a political escape hatch, she could appoint herself, Politico suggested. A new poll by Winthrop University of all adults pegged her job-approval rating at just 38 percent - a full 10 points behind President Barack Obama.But Haley quickly quashed that possibility in a radio interview on Thursday afternoon, saying, \"No, I will not be appointing myself. That's not even an option.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17512470", "title": "Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) directs DCHL not to sell, mortgage assets", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) in Hyderabad on Thursday directed the management of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) and its promoters not to alienate, transfer, sell or mortgage their assets till it disposes of the petition filed by ICICI Bank against the beleaguered company seeking recovery of Rs 511 crore it extended to the latter. The bank has listed a huge number of properties that include land, buildings, plant and machinery, lying in the name of the company and also in the name of three promoters T Venkatram Reddy, T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and P K Iyer.The tribunal also directed Deccan Chronicle group's Flyington Freightors' Pvt Ltd not to alienate the Hawker aircraft, which was mortgaged to ICICI in 2007, for securing another loan. The tribunal was hearing a petition filed by ICICI, which expressed serious concern over the 'fast-deteriorating' financial conditions within DCHL and sought recovery of its money and in the meanwhile, grant certain safeguards like injunction order against the company from transferring its assets in favour of third parties.In fact, S Niranjan Reddy, counsel for ICICI, sought the impounding of the passport of DCHL chairman Venkatram Reddy so that he cannot leave the country, particularly in view of incidents like promoter P K Iyer being totally unavailable ever since various petitions started pouring in against the company in various judicial forums. The tribunal however, said that it would first issue notices to the three promoters and would take a decision on restraining them to leave the country after that.Of the money that the bank wants to recover, it had loaned Rs 540 crore to DCHL in June 2012 and another Rs 10 crore in September this year in the form of working capital loan and for draft facility. In 2007, the bank gave Rs 30 crore Rupee Transfer Loan (RTL) to the company by accepting the mortgage of one of the aircrafts of the group.Perturbed by the fast-changing financial scenario of the company, which is now facing several cases of default, and following its own experience in this regard, the bank sought additional guarantees and securities from the DCHL and its promoters. Following non-compliance from them, it recalled its loan amount on October 27, 2012. The bank later, asked the DCHL management to repay an amount of Rs 511 crore along with the applicable interest.Apart from a decree directing DCHL, its promoters Venkatram Reddy, Vinayak Ravi Reddy, P K Iyer and Flyington Freightors' Pvt Ltd to pay the amount, the bank also sought the attachment of assets of the company and the promoters besides appointing a receiver to take possession of both movable and immovable assets. The receiver should take the help of the police and forcibly take over the properties mentioned in the petition and auction them for realising their money, the bank said. The bank also urged DRT to restrain DCHL and its management from selling away or mortgaging the assets of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17514766", "title": "'Boost construction sector to up growth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: There is an urgent need to boost the construction sector as it would provide a major fillip to a host of allied sectors, experts said at a seminar organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) here on Thursday. While pointing out that turnkey projects were the need of the hour, they cautioned against time and cost overrun of projects that was resulting in a huge setback to investors.\"Construction is the engine that fires the economy,\" said Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited (RINL) director (commercial) T K Chand while addressing a day-long conference on 'Emerging trends and opportunities in construction sector'.With the US and China facing a slowdown and India's GDP dropping from 8.5 per cent to 6.5 per cent, he said construction would stimulate growth of 292 allied industries. \"The annual compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) was at 11 per cent, but due to the global impact it has fallen to around 7 to 8 per cent. One solace is that compared to manufacturing and engineering, construction keeps the growth rate going,\" he said. Chand also argued in favour of lower interest rates as liquidity was a key factor for growth of the construction industry.Observing that the futuristic trend involved deployment of robotic systems in construction, Chand said the development would also ensure a quantum leap in productivity. He also pointed out that another emerging trend was green buildings that saves up to 30 to 40 per cent of energy.RINL chairman and managing director AP Choudhary pointed out that time and cost overruns were affecting the construction sector. \"It is crucial for the construction sector to complete projects on time. Cost overruns is killing the industry,\" he said, explaining how steel industries set up in the '50s used to be completed within 2.5 years, but now despite advanced technology, there were time overruns of about one to two years.Choudhary warned that many construction firms were losing their credibility due to delays in completing projects. \"Don't take a job on low rates, don't compromise on quality and schedule. Look into margins and see that they have room to cater to eventualities,\" he advised.He also pointed out that now is the time for turnkey projects as they improve performance and projects are completed faster.RINL chief also stressed on the lack of skilled manpower, qualified project managers and engineers. He said the construction sector faces a huge shortage of skilled manpower such as carpenters and masons among others", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17514874", "title": "Ex-Sohrab aide Mohd Azam Khan made calls from Mumbai to extort businessman", "text": "JAIPUR: The police have announced a reward of Rs 50,000 on the former witness in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case - Mohammed Azam Khan - who is allegedly making calls to several Udaipur-based businessmen from Mumbai and demanding extortion money.The reward has been announced on the directions of director general of police (DGP) Harish Chandra Meena after the police failed to arrest him in connection with an extortion call made to an Udaipur-based industrialist in October.Azam, who was an aide of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and helped him establish an extortion gang in Udaipur, allegedly made a call to Shanti Lal Jain who runs AMW Factory in Udaipur's Madari Industrial Area.\"We had been searching him for the past one month. Teams had been rushed to various places in his search after the FIR was lodged by the victim. However, he is yet to be traced. We had recommended to the police headquarters to announce a reward on him,\" a police officer said.The police received the orders from the DGP to announce the reward on Wednesday. \"We have stepped up our efforts to trace him. A team is camping in Mumbai and is in touch with our counterparts there. We suspect that he has been hiding there since he made the calls. He had made the calls from Mumbai itself. We suspect that he has connections with the underworld there,\" the officer added.Azam had called Jain October 16 and threatened Jain with dire consequences if he did not pay Rs 1 crore extortion money.The businessman did not report the matter to the police for almost a week. He reluctantly lodged the FIR on October 28. The police also investigated the matter in hushed-up manner and found that Azam had made calls to Jain through various landline numbers in Mumbai.What has actually put the police on toes is the fact that several businessmen are believed to have received similar calls from Azam, but nobody except Jain came forward and lodged a complaint.Azam had allegedly stage-managed an attack on himself in Sep, 2010. He had claimed that he was shot at by two unidentified persons on Udaisagar road in Udaipur. A few days after this fake shootout, he had turned hostile in Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case by submitting an affidavit before the special CBI court in Ahmedabad. In the affidavit, he claimed he was coerced by CBI sleuths to give a statement.Sohrabuddin was allegedly involved in attempting to extort money from some prominent Udaipur-based marble traders which led to his killing in an encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "17513740", "title": "Class-VIII boy dies trying to stop bullfight", "text": "Purulia: A Class-VIII student was killed when he tried to stop two bulls from fighting at the backyard of his house at Pajonbera in Burrabazar police station area of Purulia on Wednesday evening. Incidentally, the victim was very fond of the bulls and used to feed them regularly.Dipak Mahato, 13, hails from Belguma Rani Sati Mandir in Purulia Mafassal police station area. But he used to stay with his maternal uncle Neel Kamal Mahato since childhood. It was on Dipak's insistence that Neel Kamal had bought the bulls from a local market four years ago.\"Dipak used to feed the bulls with his own hands regularly. On Wednesday, he returned home at 2pmfrom school after taking his exam. When he heard the bulls fighting, he rushed to the backyard and tried to stop them. When he made an attempt to separate the two and tie them up, one of the bulls charged towards him and smashed him into a nearby tamarind tree. The bull kept hitting Dipak's chest and legs. Though Dipak tried to escape, he fell unconscious,\" said a distraught Neel Kamal.The 13-year-old was taken to Purulia Deben Mahato Sadar Hospital and declared dead. \"Even on Wednesday morning, I had taken the two bulls to plough our land for potato cultivation and they worked normally. I came back home for lunch and tied them at the backyard of our house,\" said Dukho Ranjan Mahato, Dipak's cousin.On being informed, Dipak's parents reached the village on Wednesday night. The victim's body was handed over to his relatives on Thursday morning after post-mortem.The family is now planning to sell both the bulls in the local market.Dipak Mahato (13), a class eight student has been killed when he tried to stop two bull fighting between themselves at the backside of his house at Pajonbera in Burrabazar Police Station area of Purulia last evening.The class eight student, who hails originally from Belguma Rani Sati mandir under Purulia Mafassal Thana area used to stay at her maternal uncle's house since childhood and was very fond of bulls. His maternal uncle, Neel Kamal Mahato purchased the two bulls for him from the local hut abour four years ago.\"He used to regulalrly feed them with his own hand. Yesterday he came back to home at around 2 PM after finishing his life science paper of the annual examination of the nearby Puara High School. After completing his meal he rushed to the bankyard of the house after hearing that both the bulls were fighting. He intervened and stopped their fighting, but when he tried to seperate them and tried to tie them seperately one bull atttacked him and smashed him to a nearby tamaraind tree. It repeatedly hit him in his chest with its legs. He tried to esacpe but fell unconscious,\" Neela KamKamal Mahato said.Dipak was taken to Purulia Deben Mahatao Sadar Hospital, but he was declared brought daed in the evening. \" Even yesterday morning I have taken both the bulls to plough our land for potato cultivation and they behaved normally and worked with me. I came back for lunch to home and tied them at the backyard of our house,\"said Dukho Ranjan mahato, his materal brother.Both his parents have reached the village and night and today the daed body was handed over to his relatives in the morning after post mortem. The entire village is shocked with this tragic incident. The family is now planning to sell both the bulls in the local hut once again. At present both the bulls are tied with chords and behaving normally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17514421", "title": "Jharkhand's wanted Maoist leader nabbed in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police arrested a top Maoist leader from Jharkhand at Tezpur in Assam's Sonitpur district on Thursday afternoon. The arrested, Anand Kharwar, is a sub-zonal commander of CPI (Maoist) in Jharkhand's Latehar district. Kharwar was arrested by Sonitpur Police, along with his co-brother Anil Singh, from a Tezpur hotel. Anil is an employee of a Kolkata-based company and was recently transferred to the state. Confirming the arrest, Jharkhand IG (Special Branch) SN Pradhan said, \"He is a sub-zonal commander in Latehar district and is wanted in several cases. It is an important catch.\" tnnAssam Police is yet to ascertain the motive behind the nabbed Maoist leader's visit to Tezpur. \"The special operations unit of special branch will interrogate Kharwar to ascertain the motive behind his visit. May be he was hiding at Tezpur since he is wanted in Jharkhand,\" said SP (Sonitpur) Apurba Jibon Baruah.The Maoists have recently set foot in the state and two districts of upper Assam - Dibrugarh and Tinsukia - have been recommended by the rural development ministry to be tagged as Maoist-hit districts.For state police, the arrest of the Maoist leader assumes great deal significance as the Reds have stepped up their activities here. Two years ago, the man who formed a base for Maoists in the state, Aditya Borah, was arrested from a place near the Odisha-Jharkhand border while he was on training. He later jumped bail and is absconding. Borah is a former Ulfa rebel.In May, police gunned down four Maoists, including an area commander, at Sadiya in Tinsukia district bordering Arunachal Pradesh. In June, National Investigation Agency (NIA) sleuths arrested the director of an educational institute, Pallab Borbora, for allegedly acting as a linkman between PLA and Maoists.Recently, police came to know about Maoists' plan to get involved in the coming panchayat elections in the state by fielding former Adivasi militants as candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17514308", "title": "Video CD helps cops identify Maoists", "text": "RANCHI: One year after a convoy of independent MP Inder Singh Namdhari in Latehar was attacked, in which 10 policemen were killed, Palamu police had finally identified the Maoists cadres who were actively involved in the incident.The police's first breakthrough in the case was the arrest of one of the Maoists, Bharat Bhuinya, a couple of months ago. Police had also recovered a video CD from him.The CD has come as a great help. The video has helped police closely understand the modus oprendi of the Maoists in executing attacks like the one on Namdhari's entourage , and will help pin other cadres involved in the attack.Releasing a copy of the video film confiscated from the Maoist commander in Palamu, SP Anup T Mathew said it was probably the first time police have got details of the rebels' way of functioning during an action.\"Since the attack was filmed by the Maoists, they have not covered their faces or tried to conceal identity and this footage will be useful in identifying other members of the PLGA who were involved in the attack,\" Mathew said.Soon after the landmine blast in the forests of Satnadia region under Garu police station in Latehar district on December 3, 2011, around three dozen Maoists came to the site and collected arms and ammunition from dead policemen and filmed the entire activities.\"They laid the arms seized from policemen on display and also captured the image of the crator that developed because of the blast,\" Mathew said, adding that the video would be shared with Latehar police for further investigation as the incident occurred in Latehar district and the case is being investigated by the Garu police.Namdhari had a close shave whereas the police team in a bus became victims of the landmine blast followed by gunshots.Speaking about the recovery of this CD, Mathew said Bhuinya, who hails from Palamu, was operating from Latehar. \"We had information that he was in his paternal home in palamu when raids were conducted to arrest him,\" Mathew said.During the raid police confiscated mobile phones, some papers and a few CDs. \"In course of interrogation also Bhuinya admitted to have filmed the incident for training purposes of young recruits and as a matter of record and while going through the material seized from his home we came across that particular CD as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17515076", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIntegration of markets required\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: An extension lecture on \"International Capital Market\" was held at Kamla Lohtia S D College on Thursday.The lecture was organized by the Commerce and Management Association under the supervision of Dr Sarita Aggarwal.Dr A K Vashisht, chairman UBS and dean faculty of Commerce &amp; Business Management, Panjab University, Chandigarh, was the resource person.Dr Vashisht discussed international capital market, Euro market as well as Yankey capital market.He highlighted the need for globalization of capital markets and discussed euro, dollars, integration of markets, offshore banking and foreign exchange market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17514372", "title": "Body of missing youth found", "text": "BOKARO: The body of a 24-year-old youth, who was missing since December 3, was recovered here on Thursday. The body of Sumit Tiwari was recovered by police from Cooling Pond Number-I at Kundori area under the Balidih Police Station.The deceased was a resident of Madhukarpur village under Kasmar Block. His father Subhash Tiwari is a bus driver. Sumit was preparing for the Jharkhand Police Service examination.He had left home on December 3 along with his friends Pankaj Nayak, Ashish Nayak and Sanjay saying that they were going to the market. When Sumit failed to return home late in the evening, his family members launched a frantic search for the youth, but in vain.On being asked, Sumit's friends told his family members that they were unaware of his whereabouts. Finally, Subhash Tiwari lodged a kidnapping case with the police in this regard. According to Balidih police station in-charge Vir Kumar, SSumit's body had been sent for postmortem.\"It is a case of murder. Investigation is on in this connection. The trio with whom Sumit had gone to the market are under the scanner,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17513810", "title": "Empress Garden to hold three-day flower show", "text": "PUNE: The Empress Botanical Garden near Pune racecourse will organise a flower show from January 11 to 13, 2013. More than 150 stalls will offer flowers, artefacts and flower-related crafts. A special competition on flower arrangement for children is also a part of this year's exhibition.Addressing a news conference on Wednesday, Suresh Pingle, vice-president of the flower exhibition committee said, \"To make the visit to the show an informative, interactive and meaningful experience for visitors, several lectures, demonstrations, workshops, street-plays, puppet shows and audio visual presentations will be organised.\"The flower exhibition will have nursery stalls from various parts of the country, displaying their flowering plants, bulbs and indoor plants, fertilizers, seeds, insecticides, gardening equipment, designer pottery, garden furniture, and other artefacts.Additionally, competitions in over 150 categories including roses, annual flowering plants, cut flowers, potted plants, vegetables, fruits, bonsais, among other things will also be held. The flower arrangements and landscaped gardens by the garden department of the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations as well as the Agri-Horticultural Society of Western India are one of the major attractions of the show.The other perennial attractions are flower decorations and unique rangolis by the Ikebana and the Mahek Groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17514929", "title": "Court order on gold custody on Monday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Metropolitan court No 9 has kept its order pending till Monday on the plea filed by the security company seeking 24 kg of gold, which was recovered by cops after mysterious theft and resurfacing of bullion in Navrangpura.The same court on Thursday junked an application filed by the investigating officer demanding permission to perform lie detection tests on all nine accused persons. The plea was rejected after vehement opposition from the accused that such test cannot be conducted without sanction from the accused and they were all against it.The security company, SecuriTrans India Pvt Ltd claimed the custody of the gold on the ground that since the gold was found unclaimed, it should be given the goods back to them. It claimed before the court that the company obtains contract from various banks and private firm to transport goods, and in this case it was supposed to send 25 kg gold to Mumbai. The owner Nova Scotia Bank has not laid any claims to gold yet.On October 3, Naranpura police got a complaint from officials of the security company that a consignment of 25 kg of gold had gone missing during the transit. Two days after the report, Ashwin Shukla, a garage owner at Vardan Tower in Shastrinagar, came forward and handed over 23 gold bars of one kg each. Police pressed further when they recovered one more bar from a garage employee. A bar of one kg is yet to be traced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17518487", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal, agitators detained during protest outside Sheila Dikshit's house", "text": "NEW DELHI: AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal and scores of people were detained from outside chief minister Sheila Dikshit's residence on Friday during their protest against demolition of buildings in a south Delhi locality.Over 100 people had gathered outside Dikshit's 3-Motilal Nehru Marg residence at 7am while Kejriwal joined them an hour later to protest demolition of their houses in Shaheenbagh near Okhla and demanded an audience with her.The protesters continued their demonstration outside the chief minister's residence but police detained them around 12:30pm as they refused to leave the place.Kejriwal and other AAP leaders Manish Sisodia and Kumar Vishwas were among others who were detained, a senior police official said.A large number of police personnel were deployed at the spot to avoid any untoward incident. Police barricaded one side of road from Janpath side which has the entry gate to Dikshit's residence.Protesters shouted slogans against the government action.\"The land where these people are living is there land, they have documents of it. But it's unauthorised because you have to get the map passed by the government,\" Kejriwal said.\"But on October 4, 2010 Sonia Gandhi had announced that 1600 colonies will be regularised, this colony is also one of them. But despite that 500 houses were demolished,\" he said.He alleged showrooms nearby were not razed.\"We were asking for Dikshit's time which was not given. We are not here for a clash with the government but a sit in protest,\" he said.Kejriwal alleged that it seems that this is part of a \"huge land grab scandal\" to give land to \"some builder\".\"This is so scary. These people have valid papers of their houses. Still razed? For her greed, would she demolish just about any house in Delhi,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514952", "title": "Chandigarh students travel for learning", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students of post graduate diploma in international business (PGDIB) at Taaleem College of International Studies (TCIS) have recently returned from a learning tour -- Roads2Ideas.This is an initiative for students of business management to gain real time experience about innovations in technology and best practices in business.The travelling team of TCIS comprised Mukul Joshi and Amritbeer Singh, while the backend team included Navleen Kaur and Janhavi Sharma.The event, that was flagged-off from Indore, made its way through Vadodara and Pune before finally reaching Goa.A total of 12 teams from different regions of India participated in the event. This year Taaleem College of International Studies was the only educational organization that represented the northern region comprising Chandigarh, Punjab, Haryana and Himachal.The initiative took Taaleem College of International Studies students on an educational journey of four cities where they were exposed to innovative corporate and social initiatives.The traveling team saw Biomass Gasifiers, visited NVIS Technology\u00e2\u20ac\u201dan organization in the forefront of manufacturing superior green energy electrical devices and using science for making path-breaking electronic products.The students witnessed first-hand the concept and making of the Aadarsh talking pen\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich is changing the way the visually impaired are learning.Said Mukul Joshi, \"Road2Ideas was a platform where we got a golden opportunity to learn about something unique and innovative.\"Students expressed their delight and satisfaction with the trip, saying they not only managed to get away from monotonous routine, but also learnt valuable lessons in the process.They underlined the importance of travel in real time learning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17513818", "title": "Inter-caste marriages only solution to wipe out caste discrimination, says Vaiko", "text": "COIMBATORE: Recalling Dr BR Ambedkar's words, MDMK leader Vaiko said that inter-caste marriages were the only social solution to end the oppressive practices of caste discrimination in our society. Vaiko openly announced his support for such marriages at a juncture when major political and community based outfits are politicking about the issue.\"Ambedkar called for the destruction of all hurdles that come in the way of inter-caste marriages,\" said Vaiko. The MDMK leader was speaking at a meeting organised by the Coimbatore Bar Association here on Thursday to commemorate the 56th death anniversary of Ambedkar. The fiery Tamil leader quoted Ambedkar's famous speech in 1927 during the Satyagraha at Mahad in Raigad district to allow dalits to use Chavdar Lake.Vaiko reiterated that people of Tamil Nadu too must take up a struggle for the rights of the Lankan Tamils following the footsteps of Dr Ambedkar who was instrumental in motivating the dalits to stand up for their rights. Vaiko demanded justice for the victims of genocide in the island country in the long drawn out armed conflict between the Sinhalese army and the Lankan Tamil population\"After the second world war, the world has not witnessed such horrible genocide. Lakhs of people were killed and women were sexually tortured and shot dead in Sri Lanka . It is the biggest and most horrific genocide in world history after World War II. Even the United Nations failed to prevent it,\" he addedHe called for the international community to organise a referendum of the Lankan Tamils to decide on their statehood. Coimbatore Bar Association president P Nandakumar presided over the meeting and Tamil Nadu Bar Council member R Arunachalam delivered the introductory address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17514950", "title": "Canada minister with a Punjabi visiting card", "text": "JALANDHAR: British Columbia finance minister Michael de Jong , who attended two programmes on diabetes awareness in the NRI heartland of Doaba region as part of his Punjab tour, on Thursday revealed that Canadian government was reaching out to the Punjabi community on health issues with the help of Punjabi language.The minister, who carries visiting cards printed in Punjabi on one side, said Punjabi community had not just a good numeric presence but become an important part of multicultural society of Canada. Jong attended one function at Guru Nanak College Sukhchainana and another at primary health centre at Aur in Nawanshahr.\"As we run the awareness programmes in British Columbia about diabetes and other health related issues we reach out to the community using Punjabi language,\" he said.Jong said during his visit he was focusing on building strong bilateral trade relations between India and Canada and he was looking for promoting investment opportunities as outlined by Prime Minister Manmohann Singh and Canadian PM Stephen Harper.He revealed that Canada is focussing on mutual trade and cooperation in hydro electricity projects, information technology, medical sciences, agriculture and agro-processing.Meanwhile, the BC finance minister said every time he came to Punjab he was feeling that the state was developing at a very fast pace in education, infrastructure and connectivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17512882", "title": "Man shot dead at Kuhi", "text": "NAGPUR: A 48-year-old man has been shot dead by two unidentified assailants at Wadgaon-Mandhal, around 75kms from city, on Thursday evening. Victim Dilip Nanhe, who sells liquor and also doubles up as a faith-healer, was shot twice from close range.Nanhe was present at his shop when two bike-borne youths reached there. Initially, the three had a quiet talk but soon a quarrel broke out, according to eyewitnesses. Following this, the youths opened fire. Nanhe is learnt to have sustained a bullet wound in the left arm and another in the chest. Two shots missed him. Police believe shots were fired from country-made pistols. The onlookers rushed Nanhe to primary health centre at Kuhi where he was declared dead.Kuhi police and local crime branch of rural police rushed to the place. The assailants are learnt to have fled towards Wadgaon on their bike. The local residents could not furnish the registration number of the bike. Additional SP, Nagpur rural, Prakash Jadhav is camping at Kuhi after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17515195", "title": "Mother-child tracking system soon to beat infant mortality rate", "text": "RAIPUR: In a desperate bid to bring down the maternal and infant mortality rate in the state, which remains considerably higher than the national average, the Chhattisgarh government is all set to launch a mother and child tracking system (MCTS) from January 1.The mobile MCTS, which was introduced on pilot basis in Dhamitiri district last year, has reportedly given positive results, prompting the state government to introduce it in other districts from January 1. Under the tracking system, online health records of all expectant mothers and born babies are kept to ensure their follow up check-ups and timely immunization. The tracking system is being introduced under the National Rural Health Mission of the central government.A senior official of the NRHM said that this programme is being successfully run in Karnataka and Chhattisgarh would be the second state to adopt it. The aim is to improve the availability and access to quality health care especially for those residing in rural areas. Under this programme, every expectant mother will receive a phone call with regard to their delivery in institution programmer, immunization, check-up dates.Officials said the system has the facility of reminding the accredited nurse and midwife (ANM) of each test or check-up of the patient and flags off cases that are delayed. The computerized system is able to make a timely check-up of the patient. The Department can communicate and pass necessary instructions to ANMs at any time without calling them to the center. The system also sends automated SMS reminders to Mitanins (ASHAs) regarding check up/ANC/Vaccination before the scheduled dates of beneficiaries and health department will also give information about the various schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518663", "title": "Tabu to turn singer?", "text": "Tabu seems to be all set to turn a singer, just like actress Priyanka Chopra . The industry buzz is that the Kandukondein Kandukondein actress will be singing for none other than the Mozart of Madras, AR Rahman .Tabu, apparently, had approached the composer in the US during a recent trip and had told the musician that she is a trained Hindustani singer and that she wanted to sing a composition in Rahman's music.To which, Rahman had asked her to send him a CD which had her sample song. The composer had promised the actress that he would get back to her if he liked the voice. When Tabu returned to her home in Mumbai, she sent a demo CD to the composer. Rahman, we hear liked her voice, now, does that mean that the actress would work for the musician in the near future?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17513329", "title": "Five teams to battle for 6 days for historic Awadh Polo Cup", "text": "LUCKNOW: After almost hundred years after it hosted India's first polo tournament way back in 1912, Lucknow will take the pride once again this December, with the Central Command and Lucknow Race Course organising 'Awadh Polo Week' at Surya Khel Parisar (Old Butchery Ground) from December 11 to 16. Five teams of Indian Polo Association will be competing for the Awadh Polo Cup. The final match will be played on Vijay Diwas on December 16.According to Central Command spokesperson, the five teams which will be arriving in the city for the historic event include the Army Service Corps team from Bangalore, RVC team from Meerut, Indian Military Academy team from Dehradun , Artillery team from Nasik and 61 Cavalry team from Jaipur. The matches will be played from 3.00 pm onwards on December 11,12, 14 and 16. Entry for spectators will be absolutely free.An added attraction for the citizens would be a horse show, motor cycle display, vintage car rally, paragliding and a military band display.Lucknow has the unique distinction of being the first city to host Indian Polo Association Cup (Indian Open) in 1912. The city then had two Polo grounds - one at La Martiniere College and the other opposite the MB Club. However, both were left to neglect with the demise of Polo in the region. The Central Command has now once again taken the initiative to revive the sport in the city. For which the Surya Polo Ground has been readied to host the polo tournament. Fast paced and very exciting to watch, Polo is going to form a bridge between Surya Command and citizens of Lucknow.The Central Command spokesperson said that school and college children will be invited to watch the tournament so as to inculcate the spirit to take up the sport. \"Surya Command has also taken up cudgels to provide Lucknow with its first riding club of a unique nature,\" the spokesperson said. The club will endeavour to provide riding facilities to schools in the city and its environs. It will function from the premises of Lucknow Race Course. Training shall be imparted on good horses by well-qualified instructors well versed in equestrian training, the spokesperson added.Polo originated in Persia in the 5th century AD. The game was almost a miniature war and played over vast stretches of land by as many as 100 players a side. The Persians exported the game to the Byzantines from where the game reached the shores of the Indian sub-continent.Modern Polo originated thereafter to its present form in Manipur, where it was called \"Sagol Kanjei\". The present game was formalised by the British in India and the first Polo Club was started in Silchar in Assam Capt Robert Stewart and Maj Gen Joe Sherer. The duo went on to establish the oldest existing Polo Club in the world in Kolkata - \"Calcutta Polo Club\". They later took the game to England.Polo then proliferated in Rajasthan and Punjab, where polo clubs were established in cities like Jaipur, Jodhpur, Udaipur and Patiala. Infact, Jodhpur team was the uncrowned champion of the world during pre-partition days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512789", "title": "No lapses by cops in rape case probes: Pachau", "text": "BANGALORE: The state police chief on Thursday informed the Karnataka high court that there are no lapses on part of police in investigating rape cases. Lalrokhuma Pachau, the DG &amp; IG of the state, in a statement, has said that such cases are dealt with care and caution and the department has taken all appropriate steps to prevent such incidents and suitable legal action has been taken wherever such incidents are reported.He has said that unit officers have been told to take action strictly in terms of circulars issued in 2005,2008 and 2011 to check crimes against women. The statement came in response to a PIL filed by advocate M K Vijayakumar seeking for a separate legislation to deal with gang rape cases.The DG &amp; IG has also stated that all accused in the recent gang rape incidents recorded in Bangalore city and its outskirts have been apprehended and are produced before court.VTU VC had scored 61%The Karnataka high court was informed on Thursday that the commission appointed by the chancellor has given its report by saying that H Maheshappa, the vice-chancellor of Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) had secured 61% marks with first class in BE. Former advocate general Udaya Holla revealed this information when a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen took up a writ appeal filed by H N Jagannatha Reddy and Prasad Raya Patty, who had challenged their removal from membership of executive council.Meanwhile, the court was informed that Chancellor would like to re-visit the case of the appellants (H N Jagannatha Reddy and Prasad Raya Patty) and until that no meeting of the executive council will be held. The bench adjourned the hearing to January 8.HC pulls up Shimoga police for 'improper' FIRStrongly pulling up the Shimoga police for recording a FIR bereft of actual facts in the death of two persons in a sewage treatment plant (STP) during manual cleaning, the Karnataka high court on Thursday summoned the MD of Royal Orchid Hotel at Shimoga on Monday.\"There is a total cover-up by the police. This is nothing but incompetence,\" the bench strongly observed on the report submitted by SP of Shimoga on the November 23 incident.The bench even indicated that it may not hesitate to order suspension of the officer concerned. In the report it was mentioned that the two deceased were employed to clean the premises (as per FIR) of the hotel owned by close relatives of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa and one of them \"accidentally\" fell into the septic tank. Another person who tried to rescue him also fell down and died. A third person Manjunath was treated in hospital.\"People are forced to go into a septic tank for Rs 900 and the police say they fell accidentally \" the bench wondered.Rathnakar, an employee of the hotel who went to rescue Annappa, the worker were the two who died in the septic tank. The government advocate informed the court that Rs 5 lakh compensation has been paid to Annappa and Rs 7 lakh to Rathnakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17515507", "title": "Challenged girl dies in fire accident", "text": "GURGAON: A 10-year-old physically challenged and mute girl died when a fire broke out following a short circuit in her house, located in D block of Rajendra Park colony on Wednesday afternoon.The victim identified as Sanjana alias Sanju, who was watching TV in her room. As there was no ventilation in the room, the smoke spread quickly in the room. Her mother, who was on the terrace, cried for help.After a few minutes neighbours tried to douse the fir but the girl was already dead. Her charred body was found on the bed, said Bijendra Singh, SHO, Rajendra Park police station.Her father is a fourth grade employee at Amritsar airport. At the time of the incident only two members of the family - the victim and her mother - were present in the house.\"We have handed over the body to the next of kin after the postmortem,\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17514688", "title": "Students bond over borders, hyacinths and primroses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Class IX student Pahul Aulakh made German student Jakov feel special and at home with the surprise that had been planned in advance. Pahul hid sweets and goodies in Jakov's clean shoes, in keeping with European tradition.A total of 20 German students are here for a three-week educational-cum-cultural exchange programme initiated by Goethe Institute Max Muller Bhavan, New Delhi between Delhi Public School and Georg-Christoph-Lichtenberg Comprehensive School Gottingen.Although the programme was meant for students to study Water Hyacinth in India and the Primrose in Germany, the connect between the children is not merely academic. It is bringing hearts and cultures closer.For parents, the German children's fascination with Indian food is flattering. They are taking pleasure in familiarizing the guests with the Indian lifestyle. \"What really surprised them was the size of families and relatives dropping in at home. I was touched by the way children from Germany sought permission to open boxes and to go for a stroll,\" Namita Singh, a resident of Phase 3-A Mohali, whose daughter Pankhuri is hosting Resi, said.For most children, the obvious advantage of the programme is the company it has afforded them. \"Judaith and my daughter Swanie have been keeping us on our toes. We are delighted to host them and there is so much the children are learning from each other,\" Sector 38 resident Namneet Kaur said.Hosts today, the Indian students will be guests to the Germans from June, 2013. Both groups will visit and study plants at several botanical gardens.\"From the Botanical Park, Saharanpur, to Kansal and Nepli, students plan to study specific plants for their project. They will also visit a site in Ropar to study. Our students have closely studied the German primrose and other species,\" school principal Reema Dhawan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17514996", "title": "Seemandhra Cong netas move in to scuttle Telangana meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the Centre hinted at holding an all-party meeting on Telangana, Seemandhra Congress leaders got into the act and made moves to scuttle any forward movement on the separate state demand even as there were indications that the meeting might not happen on December 28.Vijayawada MP Lagadapati Rajagopal met Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Thursday morning and conveyed the views of the leaders of the two regions on the Telangana issue. \"The Congress line on Telangana is clear, and that is the constitution of a second States' Reorganization Commission (SRC) as per the CWC resolution. Therefore, in case the all-party meeting is held, then the Congress should pitch for the second SRC,\" Lagadapati told TOI.The Vijayawada MP said he had also suggested to Shinde that at least two representatives from each political party be permitted to attend the meeting. \"We will ensure that our voice is heard at the all-party meeting,\" he added and felt that such a meeting won't succeed in breaking any new ground due to lack of consensus on the issue.Stating that there was no change in their stand, school education minister S Shailajanath said they would support a united Andhra Pradesh.All-party meeting may be put off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17512772", "title": "Meet will discuss new wave in Kannada literature", "text": "BANGALORE: Writing alone, talking together. The golden harvest of letters that Kannada land witnessed in the first three quarters of the 20th century had its seeds in meaningful dialogues and exchange of ideas among great minds.While the informal 'Geleyara Gumpu' meetings initiated by poet DR Bendre at the 'atta' on Subhash Road in Dharwad went on to produce playwrights like Girish Karnad , it was in the numerous idli-dosa cafes of Basavanagudi in Bangalore that several young writers of the 1960s, like KS Nissar Ahmed, had an opportunity to share ideas with legendaries like Masti Venkatesha Iyengar.In the era of such 'addas', the need for formal literary meets and festivals was hardly felt. \"I and Gopalakrishna Adiga would meet at Coffee House regularly. The genesis of my thoughts and writings lies in such meetings,\" says Jnanpith awardee UR Ananthamurthy. With intellectual politicians like Shantaveri Gopalagouda also taking part in such rich dialogues, literature was in the air, everywhere. Universities, too, played a supportive role.Such an atmosphere is missing in an age of changed lifestyles and priorities, where Kannada itself is at the crossroads. Can literary events like the Bangalore Literature Festival play a role in filling this gap?\"To some extent, yes ,\" says Nissar Ahmed. \"Today, each of us has become an island. There is a glaring lack of communication and understanding of varied cultures and experiences. The need is to bridge minds through such festivals,\" he observes.However, Ananthamurthy is apprehensive whether such festivals really make for any meaningful dialogue or turn into a mere fad. The festival will discuss 'Hosa Ale', the new waves in Kannada literature. After Navya (modern) and Pragathisheela (progressive) genres, whereto is Kannada literature headed? And who are its readers?\"Kannada has seen great writers in the past and that poses a big challenge to our young writers. What really matters is not any external movement. It is the movement within the self that's guiding our writers,\" says Ananthamurthy.He is hopeful that though the elite have taken to English literature, the rest are still reading Kannada books and will do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17514339", "title": "Of 67 wards, 52 battle open defecation problem", "text": "Dharwad: \"We are the world's capital for open defecation. It is a matter of shame, anguish, sorrow, anger,\" rural development minister Jairam Ramesh had remarked noting that over 60% of all open defecation takes place in India. According to a Unicef survey, 58% of the world's population practicing open defecation lives in India while China and Indonesia come a distant second by accounting for just 5% of the world numbers. Pakistan is down to third with 4.5%, tied with Ethiopia. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar is keen to develop Dharwad-Hubli as an investor-friendly economic, educational and cultural zone but mere cosmetic changes overlooking the inherent disorders will not serve the purpose. There is an urgent need to address the problem of sanitation and hygiene. In an official survey conducted recently, it was found that open defecation is rampant in not only the slums but also non-slum areas of Hubli-Dharwad. Of the 67 wards, around 41 wards reported low to high occurrence of open defecation. The main issues linked to open defecation are lack of water supply and space to construct toilets and the mindset of the people. The areas, which demand immediate action to prevent open defecation are Chennakeshav Nagar, Gavi Siddeshwarnagar, Subaninagar, Sagar Colony, Vaddar oni, Tadasinakoppa, Keri Angal, Sattur, Arjunnagar, Harijankeri Navalur, Girirajnagar, Nehrunagar, Manganese plot and Saraswatapur where the percentage of open defecation is between 80 and 97%. The factors attributed to the high percentage are lack of proper infrastructure facilities and the behaviour of people who are used to defecating in open.Surekha Patil, a resident, says that the menace is due to either lack of proper facilities or civic sense. There should be two-pronged attack to the problem, she feels. \"While providing good sanitation facilities, those engaged in open defecation should be punished. The problem should be addressed with a humanitarian approach.As per the primary survey, another 11 wards apart from the 41 wards mentioned in the report experience open defecation. They are ward No. 2, 4, 5, 42, 49, 52, 59, 60, 62, 63 and 65 with low to high occurrences in these wards. Remaining 15 wards can be declared as OD free wards, the report said and suggested for efforts to address and eliminate OD by supplementing with total sanitation facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17514943", "title": "National Monument Authority urged to formulate heritage bylaws soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of concerned citizens have urged the National Monument Authority (NMA) to speed up the implementation of special heritage bylaws for development around centrally protected archaeological sites - especially considering the encroachment problems around ASI sites in the walled city. Currently, the NMA has entrusted the work of recommending special bylaws around monuments to Indian National Trust for Art Culture and Heritage (INTACH), Gujarat.ASI had asked INTACH earlier this year to formulate new bylaws for 13 important archaeological sites from across the country on the basis of their contextual importance. The new bylaws will apply to similar structures across the country. Among these 13, the ASI had chosen Sarkhej Roza and Dwarka temple from Gujarat.The NMA-INTACH team had met at Sarkhej on November 21, for a stakeholder meeting. The committee was formed in the light of the new Act called the Ancient Monuments and Archaelogical Sites and Remains (amendment and validation) Act 2010.\"The process of formulating bylaws is pretty slow and confusing. The committee is at least two years late in its formation. By the time they come out with bylaws it will be too late as a lot of development activities are coming up around ancient monuments,\" says chairman of the monument conservationist and concerned person's association, Jitendra Shah.\"INTACH has recommended a five-storey building within 100 and 200 metres of a monument and a high rise beyond 200 and 300 metres. This is contrary to the prevailing rules which bans any building more than 15 meters high. Besides the ASI considers parking, lift cabin and water tanks in its calculations.Recently around Achyut Bibi mosque, a developer got permission for a 21 metre tall building a little beyond 100 metres of the mosque. But such permissions are denied to a common man. This partiality and lack of clarity is because of the absence of laws,\" says Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17514751", "title": "Defiance Tech in tie-up with AUSY", "text": "CHENNAI: Hinduja group company Defiance Technologies has signed a joint venture agreement with European technology and engineering company AUSY. The JV will focus on India's defence offset market which is attracting a number of global players which are tying up with Indian majors to tap its multi-billion dollar potential.The JV - which needs to be approved by the Defence Offset Facilitation Agency ( DOFA) established by India's ministry of defence - will help meet AUSY's \"customer's commitment for offset defence obligation as mandated by Indian defence offset policy norms,\" the company said in a statement. It will help AUSY address the new offset Defence contract from its European customers towards India. For Defiance, it will offer global access. \"Our partnership with AUSY will help us leverage AUSY's global customer network while helping fulfil their defence offset obligations,\" said Subu D Subramanian, MD &amp; CEO, Defiance Technologies.The majority of offset opportunities in India are in the engineering service outsourcing, maintenance, repair and overhaul, enterprise resource planning, IT, control systems, and R&D; space.\"Defiance Technologies' alliance with AUSY will allow AUSY to be listed in the offset defence supplier list...(which) will not just provide a competitive differentiator but also authorize customers to include AUSY in map as a trusted supplier in India,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17515002", "title": "CS, home secretary get contempt notices", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday issued contempt notices to chief secretary (CS) Punjab as well as to secretary, home department, Punjab for not complying with the undertaking regarding transfers of PPS/IPS officers.Officers, who have been issued notices, are CS Rakesh Singh , principal secretary, home, D S Bains and secretary, home, Samir Kumar.Justice Rakesh Kumar Garg issued contempt notices after hearing a petition filed by lawyer H C Arora, alleging that these officers have deliberately violated their undertaking given before HC on September 21, 2012 in relation to minimum assured tenure of one year to be given to PPS/IPS officers on transfer to any station.In the contempt petition, the petitioner stated that he had filed a PIL before the HC for directing Punjab government to ensure meticulous compliance of the provisions contained in Section 15 of The Punjab Police Act, 2007, pertaining to minimum assured tenure of one year to be given to DSPs/SPs/SSPs at any particular station, save in exceptional circumstances. During the hearing, secretary, home, had filed an affidavit that in future the provisions contained in Section 15 of The Punjab Police Act, 2007, shall be meticulously complied with. In view of the assurance given Kumar, HC had disposed of the PIL on September 21, 2012, by directing the Punjab government to strictly comply with the undertaking filed by it in the court on that date.The petitioner submitted that in violation of the aforesaid undertaking, the principal secretary, home affairs, and Justice D S Bains has issued transfer orders of 27 PPS/IPS officers on October 11, a perusal of which shows that at least eight officers -- Tulsi Ram, Superintendent (Jail), Kapurthala; Rajpal Singh, SSP, Batala; Gurpreet Singh Toor, DCP, Ludhiana; Ravcharan Singh Brar, SSP, Khanna; Balkar Singh Sidhu, SSP, Hoshiarpur; Inder Mohan Singh , SSP Muktsar; Surjit Singh, SSP, Barnala; and Naveen Saini, Comandant 75th Battalion, PAP, Jalandhar; were transferred before allowing them to complete a minimum assured tenure of one year.The petitioner further submitted that SSP Gurpreet Singh Bhullar was being allowed to stay at Mohali even beyond the maximum permissible tenure of 3 years, in violation of the undertaking given to the high court. Petitioner also submitted the names of some officers who were even transferred five times within one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514258", "title": "State mulls crop insurance for 106 gram panchayats", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government will consider providing crop insurance to farmers of 106 gram panchayats, who were left out by the Centre to avail benefit for loss of their crops in natural calamities during 2011, minister of cooperation B K Arukh told the assembly on Thursday.He said he would take up this crop insurance matter with the chief minister for a final decision. The minister gave this assurance after the opposition Congress and BJP members participating in an adjournment motion debate demanded that state government pay crop insurance benefit to farmers of 106 left out gram panchayats.This is because the state government's delay to submit crop cutting report to the Centre for 106 panchayats forced the Centre to turn down the request. The opposition also demanded action against government officials for whose fault lakhs of farmers were deprived of crop insurance benefit. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17518078", "title": "Apple launches iPad mini in India @ Rs 21,900", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple, whose valuation in the stock market fell below $500 billion on Thursday, has reportedly launched iPad mini, fourth-generation iPad and Apple TV in India today. This comes less than a week after the company rolled out iTunes Store in the country, which has not been its priority for long.iPad mini, which has a 7.9-inch touchscreen, has come to India at starting price of Rs 21,900 for the 16GB Wi-Fi-only version. The 32 and 64GB Wi-Fi-only versions of the device cost Rs 27,900 and 33,900 in the country, respectively. The 16, 32 and 64GB Wi-Fi+4G iterations of Apple's mini-tablet have been priced at Rs 29,900, 35,500 and 41,900, respectively.The manufacturer has officially launched the fourth-generation iPad in India today. Compatible with 4G networks, the tablet has a 9.7-inch touchscreen with Retina display technology and runs on A6X dual-core processor. The 16, 32 and 64GB Wi-Fi-only variants of the latest iPad are priced at Rs 31,900, 37,900 and 43,900, respectively. Similarly, the 16, 32 and 64GB versions of Wi-Fi+4G enabled iPad cost Rs 39,900, 45,900 and 51,900, respectively, in India.iPad mini and fourth-generation iPad were showcased by the company on October 23 in the US and began shipping a week later in the international market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17513734", "title": "Guv concedes to land woes in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Those who have been grumbling over the Mamata Banerjee government's land policy could make their voices heard at last. Bengal governor M K Narayanan, who is the repository of the executive powers of the state, believes that land is an issue for investors. Otherwise, Bengal has an investment-friendly climate and also the best intellectual credentials, the Governor said.Narayanan acknowledged the land problem while talking to the media after his address at a meet of information and communication technology professionals in Kolkata on Thursday. Responding to complaints over land availability, the Governor said: \"There is an issue about land that needs to be addressed.\" However, the governor gave full marks to Bengal regarding the other criteria such as investment climate and availability of skilled manpower. \"Bengal has the best intellectual credentials and also an investment-friendly climate,\" the Governor said.The Governor's view may find place in the new industrial policy that the Mamata government is working on. While the chief minister has made it loud and clear that her government has a hands-off policy towards land and wants investors to buy land on their own, the industry wants the government to play a role while fixing land prices, if not in the purchase. Some investors are also miffed over the land ceiling provision that the government promises to relax once it is convinced about an investment plan.According to industries department sources, investors already possess around 8,000 to 14,000 acres free-hold land in Hooghly, Howrah, North 24-Parganas, South 24-Parganas, Murshidabad and Malda. But they are not disclosing their above-ceiling land or coming up with specific proposals to avail the relaxation in land ceiling. The result is for all to see. The government cannot utilise the land for industry, and cannot help investors procure land even if they approach the government.Why so? Many investors do not agree to government's vesting the above-ceiling land first and then relaxing Section 14Y of the West Bengal Land and Land Reforms Act to make way for the industry. \"There is no harm if the government doesn't acquire land for industry. But why should the government vest the land we purchased and then give it back to us on long-term lease. This is not done,\" an investor protested. Instead, investors want the Mamata government to relax land ceiling up to at least 200 acres for the sake of industry.Pointing to neighbouring states such as Jharkhand that don't impose any such condition on land purchase, investors fear that the Bengal government's land policy has come in the way of investments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17514064", "title": "Bamboo craft, Khadi shows attract citizens", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: People here are on a shopping spree with a number of fairs and exhibitions going on in the city. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik inaugurated a national-level Khadi and Gramodyog (rural craft) exhibition at the exhibition ground here on Wednesday. A state-level exhibition of bamboo craft also started on the same day.For the first time, the state Khadi and Gramodyog board has organized a craft exhibition on such a massive scale. Craftsmen from across the country have participated in it. The artifacts on display include handloom products of different states, organic foods, toys, home decors, utility items and so on.\"The objective of the exhibition is to make visitors aware of the hard work and craftsmanship that go into the making of these products. The fair also provides a scope to buyers to interact with artists from different states and facilitates exchange of ideas and techniques,\" said a senior officer of the Khadi board.\"The response to the exhibition is really encouraging on the first day itself. We are expecting good sale,\" said Basanti Samanta, a craftswoman from Puri district selling coir products.The exhibition of bamboo craft has about 50 artisans from 18 districts including two artisans from Assam participating in it. \"Of the total 1.3 lakh handicraft artisans in the state, over 30,000 are working in bamboo and cane craft. For training and skill upgrade of them, the state government has taken several steps like creating clusters, organizing exposure visits and exhibitions,\" said minister, handloom, textiles and handicrafts, Sarojini Hembram.Products on display like bamboo furniture, lamps, showpieces, wall hangings, ornaments, household items, and decorative tribal weapons have found many takers at the exhibition ground. \"This exhibition is very useful. SO many varieties of things available under one roof makes it convenient for us to bring our families and shop around here. Rates are also affordable,\" said Shovna Mishra, a visitor.Toshali craft fair, another national level craft exhibition, will begin at Janata Maidan here on December 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17513945", "title": "Barbil mine workers seek MD's ouster", "text": "KEONJHAR: Workers of the Centre-owned Orissa Mining Development Corporation (OMDC) plant at Barbil in Keonjhar district are on strike for the last six days. They demand shifting of the company's head office from Kolkata to Bhubaneswar and removal of its managing director posted in Kolkata. Local people and the employees' union have also joined the workers in their agitation.Sources said mining activities at the plant were suspended for almost two years owing to absence of environment clearance. The employees alleged that the MD was not interested in resuming operations at the closed mines during his three-year tenure. Local people joined the protest alleging that the MD had failed to fulfil his commitments towards local area development.P S Das, general secretary, OMDC officers' association, said, \"Once a renowned company, OMDC is suffering for the last three years. The MD could not take any step for resuming mining operations here. We demand his retrenchment to save the company.\" \"We also demand shifting of the OMDC head office from Kolkata to Bhubaneswar. The Rashtriya Ispat Nigam ltd (RSINL) should take over the company,\" Das added. \"We have already written to the Union minister of steel and the chief minister of Odisha regarding our demands. If they are not met, we will stage a strike in front of the state assembly and the Union steel ministry,\" he further said.B K Behera, a local, said, \"The MD had promised us that he would ensure local area development. But over 50 years, no promise has been kept. Hence we support the strike for his ouster.\" The MD was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17514208", "title": "3 more arrests likely in Aug 11 riots case", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are likely to arrest the main organizer of the August 11 Azad Maidan protest, Rizwan Khan Dayawan, and two speakers who allegedly delivered provocative speeches.TOI in its Monday edition had reported that the police are likely to arrest two event managers-Raza Ahmed Shaikh and Dayawan-for damaging properties worth Rs 2.74 crore. Cops had earlier recorded the statements of the two speakers-Maulana Guddhu Bhaiyya from Uttar Pradesh and Maulana Niyamat Noori from Mumbai. \"Following the provocative speeches, the crowd came charged from the venue,\" an officer said.Shaikh is a member of the NGO Madinatul Ilm, which had sought police permission for the protest. Dayawan is the NGO chief.An official said there was delay in arresting Dayawan as he recently underwent a bypass surgery. \"Now that he has been discharged, and fit and fine we plan to arrest him after a nod from senior officials,\" said an investigating officer. Cops are awaiting the ballistic reports, which may be ready next week, after which a supplementary charge sheet will be filed.- S Ahmed Ali Senior police officials denied that like other riots cases, this one too will loose steam. \"We will not allow politics. Two people died, several of our men have been beaten up and women molested,\" said a senior IPS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17514331", "title": "Fest from today", "text": "RANCHI: The 28th inter-university East Zone Youth Festival, hosted by Ranchi University, will begin on Friday. Fourteen teams from states like Manipur, Assam, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal , Bihar and Jharkhand will participate. Addressing the media on Thursday, Registrar Amar Kumar Choudhary said, \"The 28th inter-university East Zone Youth Festival is to begin from Friday for which 14 universities have sent their entries. As many as 277 boys and 171 girls will participate in the festival.\"The four-day festival, to be held at Kala Bhavan auditorium in Hotwar from December 7, will have 25 events on music, literature, theatre and fine arts. The programme will be inaugurated by HRD minister Baidyanath Ram. On December 9, a special cultural programme will be staged by students of Ranchi University. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17517224", "title": "Huma Qureshi to attend Sundance film fest", "text": "Actress Huma Qureshi will attend the upcoming Sundance Film Festival for the screening of her debut movie \" Gangs of Wasseypur\".The 26-year-old will go for the 10-day-long festival, which will begin Jan 17 next year.Directed by Anurag Kashyap, the two-part crime thriller \"Gangs of Wasseypur\", received a thumbs up from the critics and has been appreciated by the masses as well.It was recently screened at the Marrakech International Film Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17518670", "title": "Anushka Manchanda collaborates with international DJ", "text": "Anushka Manchanda has collaborated with the British Electronica, Trance and Progressive House music sensation, Nicholas Bracegirdle aka Chicane on a brand new track!Produced by Chicane himself, the track has been sung by Anushka; moving her into a list of global artists to collaborate with Chicane which includes the likes of Bryan Adams and Armin van Buren amongst others! The collaboration was done over the Internet and was recorded on 6th December 2012 at Blue Frog, Mumbai.That's not it though! As part of Blue Frog's 5 year Anniversary celebrations - High 5 that runs all through the month of December - Chicane who has given global chartbusters such as Saltwater, Don't Give Up and In Praise of the Sun will be performing with Anushka Manchanda at Blue Frog in Mumbai (Dec 7) and Delhi (Dec 8)! As part of Chicane's India tour, the organisers will be shooting an exclusive episode of Blue Frog Diaries which will chronicle the track's creation and the performances over the trip.Says Anushka,\"I used to play Don't Give Up by Chicane on loop. It was one of my favorite tracks before I even understood what electronic music was. To be able to work with him is amazing. I love the sound of the track and I cannot wait to put the final vocals down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17514083", "title": "100-cr business at Bali Yatra", "text": "CUTTACK: Traders at Bali Yatra went back with their stocks exhausted and pockets full. The fair which concluded on Wednesday garnered business worth over Rs 100 crore. As many as 1,500 stalls were erected at the fair, this year.\"Business at Bali Yatra has been very encouraging,\" said J P Das, sub-collector of Cuttack. The last year's sales figures hovered around Rs 80 crore.The handicraft pavilion organized by Orissa Rural Development and Marketing Society (ORMAS) also recorded an all-time high sale. \"We did a business of over Rs 9 crore, nearly a crore more than last year,\" said ORMAS zonal manager Bipin Rout.The district administration also earned revenue of Rs 70 lakh from rent. Besides Odisha, traders from Assam , West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir , Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Sikkim , and Uttarakhand had set up stalls of traditional handicrafts at the fair.From small-time artisans to big corporate houses, everyone at the maritime fair went laughing all the way to the bank. \"There are not many takers for terracotta items, but at Bali Yatra every single piece has been sold out,\" said Supriya Dutta, an artisan from West Bengal. Nearly 45 lakh visitors thronged the week-long fair.Encouraged by this year's success, the district administration now plans to organize the fair on a larger scale from next year. \"In the wake of rising popularity of Bali Yatra, we are planning to set up more stalls next year so that more traders can participate,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17512858", "title": "Autos: Lifeline and horror of commuters", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The extent to which the three-day auto strike in Ghaziabad completely paralysed the city was unprecedented. Scores of people could be seen on the NH-24, all the way from Ghaziabad to Delhi, desperate to hitch a ride. This overdependence on the 12,000-odd autos and Vikrams that ply in the city proved fatal for commuters during the strike due to the lack of any alternative modes of public transportation in the city.According to the transport department, there are about 2,200 Vikrams operating in the city and another 12,000 three-wheelers. \"These autos are the lifeline of the city and they are the single largest carriers of commuters,\" said officials of the transport department.The auto strike, which lasted from November 25 to 28, was resolved only after some of the demands of the striking auto unions were met. The additional municipal commissioner, AK Singh, who held talks with the auto union leaders, said that it was decided that notices would be sent to parking contractors who were allegedly overcharging the autos for parking. However, transport official said that the problem runs deeper. \"There is no culture of meters in Ghaziabad. There are no fixed rates and moreover autos stop in the middle of their commute to pick up more passengers. As a result commuters face constant harassment,\" said a senior transport department official.The second phase of the Metro expansion in Ghaziabad, which is a 9.4km link with seven stops from Dilshad Garden in Delhi and the new bus terminus in Ghaziabad, was cleared by the Uttar Pradesh cabinet in October 2012. However the construction, which was initially supposed to cost a total Rs 1,591 crore of which Rs 991 crore is being paid by the Ghaziabad Development Authority, escalated due to the delay in getting approval of the project.The DMRC sent a revised project cost to GDA in November, which said that delays had escalated GDA's share by 125 crore, thus increasing their share from Rs 991 crore to Rs 1,116 crore. Moreover, the work which was originally supposed to start in April 2011, will now start in April 2013. Officials said that the work on the project is expected to finish by 2013.In the absence of a wide-spread Metro network, residents said that their dependence on autos increases due to the absence of a dedicated bus network. \"The buses in Ghaziabad are terrible. They don't run on time and they aren't safe for women. Moreover, they are always crowded and autos are the only option left to us,\" said Rama Sen, a resident of Indirapuram, Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-07"}
