{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16582427", "title": "\u2018Time to ban Chandi Kotla construction\u2019", "text": "PANCHKULA: Chandi Kotla needs a thorough geological and geo-technical investigation in view of cracks on ground, walls, floors and roof of the houses and that all construction activities there should be stopped with immediate effect. The recommendations are a part of preliminary survey report on geological changes in Chandi Kotla village, near Chandimandir, which was submitted by G S Gill, retired professor, Centre for Advanced Studies, department of geology, Panjab University, to the Panchkula administration. It also recommends that inhabitants be shifted to safer places. \"The Shivalik Hills and adjoining river terraces are fragile and weathering is very common in these rocks, which are highly jointed and faulted. The lithology of sand stone and siltstone is sometimes not competent enough to bear increasing load of urban and commercial activity. It is recommended a detailed geological study be carried out for future planning in the area,\" the 10-page report mentioned. Gill's colleague professor Naresh Tuli, who conducted the survey along with him, in his observation has mentioned, \"The longest crack on ground measures approximately 150 metres, which is about two feet wide at some places. As the cracks have been filled by villagers with clay or cement, its depth could not be estimated. According to the version of people, at the most these are about 10 feet deep.\" It also pointed out that water table has risen to shallow depths due to heavy rains and was in fact flowing out of the ground cracks at some places that were at lower elevation. There is minor subsidence (about 10 mm) in the floors of some houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16582757", "title": "World Tourism Day: Eco Park near Madurai opened to public", "text": "MADURAI: The Eco Park at Tiruparankundram was inaugurated by chief minister J Jayalalithaa through video conferencing to mark World Tourism Day on Thursday. Various events were organised across the city to mark the day. District collector Anshul Mishra, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa and other officials were present in the park.Funded by the tourism department, the park was established at a cost of Rs 3.87 crore and has beautiful landscaping with entertainment facilities. During the inauguration, tourists Nichola from Croatia and Haleh from the US interacted with Jayalalithaa. Haleh said it was one of the most beautiful parks she had come across during her visit to India. Speaking during the event, Mishra said the park would be another attraction for tourists who visit the Lord Subramaniya temple in Tiruparankundram.During the day, the department of tourism along with the archaeological department, Travel Club in Madurai and DHAN Foundation, arranged a heritage walk for school and college students and tourists. Mishra flagged off the heritage walk from Meenakshi Amman temple and distributed the heritage tour brochure consisting of various historical places around the temple to foreign tourists. The walk, which started from the Meenakshi Park adjacent to the temple, went around places like Nagara Mandapam, Vittavasal, Theradi, Kothavalchavadi and Pathuthoon to reach Thirumalai Naicker Mahal where cultural events and lectures were organised for students. Speaking about the history of these places, retired professor R Venkataraman told the students and tourists that Madurai had a very special place in Tamil Nadu history as the city was ruled by ancient Pandya kings and Naickers before the British assumed power. The city is left with remnants of these dynasties and the British, though they were foreign rulers, took efforts to protect these places. \"We should be aware of our rich history and should protect our historical places,\" he said.With the aim of making the day special for tourists visiting Madurai, the tourism department welcomed foreigners with sweets and shawls at Madurai Junction and airport. \"Foreign tourists and north Indian tourists were welcomed in this manner at Meenakshi Amman temple as well,\" said tourism officer K Dharmaraj. In the same manner, Travel Club members received passengers of the Madurai-Colombo flight at Madurai airport with mementoes. Later in the evening, cultural programmes especially folk art and dance were organised for visitors at Eco Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582751", "title": "Kerala govt seeks 4 months to pick contractor", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has submitted to the Kerala high court that it needs four more months to finalize the agency to set up a solid waste treatment plant at Brahmapuram.The government pleader filed a report seeking four months to pick the firm when a petition demanding proper waste disposal by Kerala Federation of Women Lawyers came up for hearing before division bench of justices C N Ramachandran Nair and P S Gopinathan.The government informed the court that 15 agencies, employing acceptable solid waste treatment technologies, have been identified. In order to award the contract, following the guidelines framed by ministry of environment and forests, the state needs more time, the government pleader submitted.After the hearing, the court dismissed a petition filed by C L Anto of Chalakudy for National Energy and Waste Management Cooperative Multipurpose Society (Kerala) Ltd, alleging that the firm was not considered by the government while preparing the list of eligible contractors.After watching a video of the firm's waste treatment technology that was submitted in a CD along with the petition, the court ruled that the firm cannot be considered for the project for which qualification bid has already been processed. However, the court clarified that the firm can bid for providing solid waste treatment facilities in other towns if it responds to government's notification and comply with the rules and formalities.The court directed that the government should consider the cost factor, use of advanced technology, and project completion time while deciding the contractor. Further, the court directed Kochi corporation to compel residents to segregate biodegradable and non-biodegradable waste to facilitate agencies like Kudumbasree to collect and dispose waste properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586107", "title": "Shweta Menon blessed with a baby girl", "text": "Actress Shweta Menon and husband Sreevalsan Menon are the proud parents of a baby girl. The actress gave birth to the couple's first child on Thursday evening at 5.27 pm at the Nanavati Hospital in Mumbai.Interestingly, Shweta's delivery was also filmed by director Blessy for his film Kallimannu . The camera crew along with the director had already planned the shooting of the scene and had done trials two days ago taking into consideration the position of the doctors and the support staff.The team had shot for 20 minutes before canning the scene with Shweta kissing the baby's forehead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582441", "title": "Fresh cry for dedicated women\u2019s cell at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A sudden spurt in cases of eve-teasing and harassment of girl students has added momentum to the demand for a dedicated women's cell at Panjab University. The cell, it has been proposed, would take up complaints of girl students from all colleges affiliated to PU, just like one functioning from Delhi University for the institutes there. \"We have been demanding constitution of a women's cell but it seems to have fallen on deaf ears,\" said Simran Sandhu, a law student at PU, who first took up the issue a year ago. Following her initiative, which got support from a few social groups, several other students from colleges have now joined the chorus. A few of groups are now planning to revive the signature campaign, which was initiated last year in Panjab University, for constitution of a cell to safeguard the rights of girl students. Though the university has a cell to deal with the student complaints from various departments, it does not address the issues concerning girl students of other colleges. Even while dealing with complaints related to girl students from PU, it has not proved to be effective. Meanwhile, the UT police control room on Thursday received six complaints of eve-teasing, of which three were made by college students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581925", "title": "Air Force officials, villagers discuss security issues", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A joint coordination meeting of village heads and Air Force officers was held at Air Force Station, Bamrauli. Group Captain NK Atri, station commander, Air Force Station, Bamrauli, presided over the meeting.The meeting was attended by SI D K Singh I/C Police Chowki Bamrauli and various village heads. Various aspects of co-operation on security of the air force base and villagers contribution to safe flying environment for aircraft were discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16581692", "title": "I'll stay out of discussions concerning Stuart: Binny", "text": "BANGALORE: Roger Binny will now have to curb his 'wild' side. That was one of his first thoughts when the news filtered to in to the 1983 World Cup hero that at the BCCI AGM in Mumbai on Thursday afternoon, he had been picked as one of the five members of the senior national selection committee. Quick to head off to the forests or as close to them as possible, Binny is now all set to travel to Rajkot instead for his first assignment as one of the 'wise men', to watch the Challenger Series.\"My name was doing the rounds for some time now. I presume I was the only candidate from the south as far as seniority is concerned. So I did expect it,\" Binny said, adding he was ready for the challenge.Having coached Ranji Trophy sides across India, having had stints with Karnataka, Goa and Bengal, besides having been a Karnataka selector, Binny has been in touch with domestic cricket. He also had a stint as the Asian Cricket Council coach, a post held presently by Venkatesh Prasad , who like Binny is a former India pacer and a vice-president at the Karnataka State Cricket Association.Binny (57), who figured in 27 Tests and 72 ODIs for India, is hoping to put all that experience to good stead. \"There is a set procedure in selecting the players for the national and other fringe teams. It's vital to keep an eye on the performances at the domestic level to zero in on new talents. At the end of the day, you're there to select the best who can perform well for the country,\" said Binny.Like Krish Srikkanth, the man he succeeded as selector from South Zone, Binny will have to deal with a personal issue at some stage or the other when he sits down with his colleagues to pick the various sides. His son Stuart Binny has been doing well over the last two domestic seasons and he recently figured in the Rest of India side that annihilated Rajasthan in the season opening Irani Cup.\"If Stuart keeps scoring runs and taking wickets, nobody can stop him from getting that deserved place in any particular squad. But then there are four other selectors besides me and whenever Stuart's name comes up for discussion, I will stay out of that decision and won't intervene.So it's for the other four to take a call on that,\" was Binny's clear-cut statement on the issue. In any case, a selector's job is a thankless one, this despite the enhanced fee of Rs 60 lakh as the annual salary. Someone has to do the job though and Binny has always been a fair gentleman, so he can be expected to deliver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16581961", "title": "Mercedes Benz launches sports tourer in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: German car maker Mercedes Benz on Thursday launched a 'B Class' sports tourer in the city.The B Class is a sports tourer that delivers facets combining the versatility of a MUV, ride quality of a sedan and dynamic performance of a SUV.It is available in two variants B 180 and the B 180 sports at a price range starting from Rs 21.49 lakh and going upto Rs 24.87 lakh for the sports variants. Debashis Mitra, director, sales and marketing, Mercedes Benz India, said, \"We have received a good response in India and around 250 units have been booked in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583511", "title": "Industries, health secretaries replaced by state government", "text": "CHENNAI: In a major reshuffle, the Tamil Nadu government on Thursday transferred more than 20 IAS officers including those holding important portfolios. Several district collectors have also been transferred with Chennai getting a new collector.According to an official release, Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board Chairman Vikram Kapur has been appointed as secretary to Industries department, which was held by Dr N Sundaradevan, who retired on Thursday. Special programme implementation secretary Dr J Radhakrishnan has been transferred and posted as health secretary in place of Girja Vaidyanathan, who has been placed at Power Finance and Infrastructure Development Corporation as managing director. N Mathivanan has been transferred and appointed as joint secretary in industries department.Chennai collector S Jayandhi has been transferred and posted as Karur collector. Controller of Examinations, TNPSC, J Jeyakanthan will be the new collector for Chennai. Krishnagiri collector C N Maheswaran is the Chennai Corporation, deputy commissioner, health. Former transport commissioner Dr P Senthil Kumar has been transferred and posted as Health and Family Welfare department special secretary. Chennai Corporation, joint commissioner of health Pooja Kulkarni has been posted as Krishnagiri collector.Former regional deputy commissioner, Chennai Corporation (south) V Mohanraj is transferred and posted as transport department deputy secretary. Former commissioner of Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments J Chandrakumar has been transferred to Land Reforms director. Former Virudhunagar collector M Balaji has been transferred as member secretary, State Planning Commission. Additional director of rural development and Panchayat Raj G Govindaraj is transferred and posted as Tiruppur Collector, which was held by M Mathivanan, who has been transferred as Rural Development additional director. Additional registrar of cooperative societies C Manoharan is transferred to Pudukkottai collector, which was held by V Kalaiarasi, who is now additional registrar of Cooperative Societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581130", "title": "H1N1 claimed 1 in 5 positive cases in state", "text": "BHOPAL: Here comes a chilling stat. Of 100 persons, who tested positive for H1N1, 19 lost lives in Madhya Pradesh this year-according to integrated disease surveillance project (IDSP). The number is worst for any state in the country, said a senior health department official on the condition of anonymity.Attributing the high mortality rate to increased testing of suspected cases, state IDSP in charge Dr K K Thassu said, \"In comparison to other states, in MP we have tested 543 suspected cases of which 100 have been found positive.\"Compared to Madhya Pradesh, 68 out of 1,100 tested positive in Maharashtra died. In 2010, swine flu outbreak in the state had seen139 deaths. State health officials are now suggesting proactive surveillance with mandatory swine flu testing for immune-compromised patients. These include medical conditions including obesity , respiratory diseases, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and immuno suppression, liver disorders, pregnancy, hypertension and neurological disorders.In the state capital, two more swine flu deaths-a two-year-old girl from Budni and 25-year-old woman hailing from Hoshangabad- were reported on Thursday. Twelve samples of suspected cases were sent for tests to the ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16582080", "title": "Teak hai: One arrested for stealing wood", "text": "MARGAO: The Maina Curtorim police on Thursday arrested one Concessao Bishut, a resident of Chandor, on charges of stealing teak wood from near a Curtorim saw mill.Police sources said that the accused stole six logs of teak placed outside the mill, worth approximately 50,000. Police said that the accused, who owns a pickup and gives it on hire, had engaged two labourers to lift the logs and place them into the pickup. Paul Martin , a broker dealing in buying and selling of wooden logs, had placed these logs outside the saw mill, so as to sell them to prospective buyers. Acting on Martin's complaint, the accused was arrested and the stolen goods recovered. He was later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581457", "title": "Bringing the Lord to their home away from home", "text": "NAGPUR: For the many students who leave their homes to study in a new city, their hostels and colleges, are second homes. It is here that they bring their beloved Lord Ganesh. \"Bringing Ganpati to our hostel has given it a homely feeling and brought everybody together as a family,\" said Surabhi Pahwa, third year engineering student staying in Devashree Girls Hostel.The coming of Lord Ganesh is also an introduction to Maharashtrian culture to students from other states, say some. \"It is very exciting to show students from different states in our hostel our rich culture,\" said Sayalee Sawant of Priyadarshini Girls Hostel who hails from Thane. Her hostel supervisor Kalpana Mulekar says that organising such religious functions helps instill 'sanskar' in the students who are away from home. \"Living in hostels, they are away from traditions, thus this becomes an attempt to connect them with their roots,\" she said.What is more heartening is that students of not only different states but also different communities and even nationalities take part in festivities with full fervour. Richard Alves, who hails from Goa and lives in the Institute of Design Education and Architectural Studies, Hudkeshwar hostel, takes part in the daily aarti and other functions of his hostel Ganpati celebrations.\"We have students from Punjab, Himachal and other places and this festival has helped the hostel become a confluence of culture. The puja is done involving the different traditions of students coming from various parts of the country,\" he said.The Ganpati installed in Ramdeobaba temple by the boys hostel of Ramdebaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering and Technology (RKNCET) also sees students from Nepal taking part in the religious proceedings. These installations also have a lighter side to them. \"Till last year Ganpati used to be installed in our girls hostel. It was believed girls are better at managing everything and boys are comparatively lazy and unkempt. This time, we insisted we would organise it well and it has been good,\" said Aditya Kabra of RKNCET.Engineering students are believed to be very superstitious. Giving proof of it Ashutosh Chaudhary of Yaashwantrao Chavan College of Engineering (YCCE) hostel said that students who smoked or had non-vegetarian food totally gave up their habits during these days. \"We also make sure that the diyas never go out and two students sleep near the idols to ensure this during night,\" he said.It is not only hostels, but colleges also bring home the lord of wisdom. \"We have been celebrating Ganesh Chaturthi since 2008 when the college was established. And the whole college celebrates it as a family and the last day 'sandal' is something that is looked forward to by everyone,\" said Girish Bajaj of Jhulelal Institute of Technology.At Nagpur Institute of Technology, Ganesh Chaturthi also doubles up as an annual college festival. \"We have named our Ganesh programme Sankalp and organize various cultural and technical events including robotics, cricket and dance,\" said Camilo Ramteke, a final year student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581036", "title": "Info commissions in a spot after top court's directive", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court's judgment directing all information commissions to work in benches of two-comprising a member of the judiciary and an expert member-has led Right to Information (RTI) activists to comment on the impact of the ruling on the functioning of the commissions. On the eve of International Right to Know Day, September 28, they debated the practical aspects of implementing the order.Earlier this month, the apex court, responding to a PIL, directed that the central and state governments should prefer a person who is or has been a judge of the high court for appointment as an information commissioner; also, a chief information commissioner should be an existing or retired high court chief justice or a supreme court judge.Former chief information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said, \"The retirement age of information commissioners is 65, the same as that of SC judges. Hence, only retired high court chief justices can be chief information commissioners. Where will the nation find so many retired chief justices to head all the state commissions (one per state)?\"While the judgment passed is with prospective effect, it would lead to many state commissions, including Maharashtra's, to suspend operations for a few months.\"The commissions adjudicate on matters concerning the fundamental rights of citizens. \"If some are in abeyance without urgent reasons, it would mean the commissions will be on holiday, wasting the money of the poorest citizen,\" he said.Venkatesh Nayak of the Acess to Information Programme, Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative, said a survey done after the judgment showed that \"more than a quarter of the 28 information commissions have halted work since the judgment\". The Central Information Commission continues to hear cases as before. But the information commissions of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Haryana, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Punjab and Rajasthan have halted work either on their own or upon the advice of each state's advocate general or law department, he said. \"However, in Kerala, the AG has advised the information commission to continue working.\"The central, Maharashtra and UP commissions get over 20,000 RTI appeals each year, with the figures rising year on year. Pendency, if the benches get reduced in size, would become over five years, said Gandhi, adding that this was not the aim of the salutary law.While the SC said that legally qualified persons would ensure \"better administration of justice\", RTI activist Anandji Joshi said it needed to be clarified whether the common man, who appeared himself before commissions, would be required to engage lawyers and incur additional costs.An activist said, \"Most people recognize the RTI Act as the best law enforced against corruption, as has been proved by the many scams exposed through information received under the act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581350", "title": "Sion hospital guards detain ambulance driver, booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have registered a case against Sion hospital security guards after they allegedly detained an ambulance driver for two hours. On Wednesday night, the railway police took a mishap victim from Kurla railway station in an ambulance accompanied by two helpers to Sion Hospital. The helpers shifted the victim to the hospital on a stretcherand took a photo of the victim on their cellphone. \"The photos prove the victim was alive when brought to hospital,\" an official said. However, the guards started shouting at the helpers and then accused the ambulance driver of being drunk. He was detained at the casualty ward, from where he contacted an activist, who in turn called the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "16583345", "title": "Move to shift medical college evokes criticism", "text": "KARWAR: Uttara Kannada district minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri's move to shift the proposed government medical college to his constituency, Sirsi, has not gone down well with public representatives of the coastal taluks.It is alleged that Kageri pressurized officials of the health and revenue departments to prepare a report in favour of Sirsi as the ideal location for the college. A high-powered meeting was held in Bangalore under the chairmanship of minister of medical education S A Ramdas on September 21 to discus shifting of the college from Karwar to Sirsi.Anand Asnotikar, who represents Karwar, has warned Kageri against the move. However, Sirsi is excited with the prospect of a medical college as it's the business centre of Uttara Kannada. G S Hegde, president of district Krushika Sangha, feels Sirsi is the ideal place for a medical college.Rooting for Karwar is Rajan Mhapsekar, president of Karwar Chamber of Commerce who says that the coastal town with its road and rail connectivity and new airport coming up during the second phase of seabird is the ideal place. The proposal for the upgradation of the district hospital to a medical college is pending with the government for past three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582759", "title": "Same name, birthday get 2 men same PAN number", "text": "JAIPUR: PAN numbers are supposed to be like fingerprints. No two people can have the same one.Well, the Income Tax department seems have made an exception.The I-T department issued the same Permanent Account Number (PAN) to two different persons with the same name. The aggrieved individuals, one a resident of Haridwar, and the other from Jaipur, realized the goof-up when one of them was intimated of a loan sanctioned in his name that he had never sought.One of the things that may have caused the confusion can be the fact that Rajesh Singh of Haridwar shares his name with Rajesh Kumar Singh of Jaipur. The coincidence doesn't end here. The fathers of both men also bear the same name \u2014 Mohan Singh \u2014 and the two share the exact same date of birth \u2014 December 1, 1970. The I-T department then decided to give them one more thing in common, the PAN number (ADGPS2143H).Rajesh Kumar Singh, assistant engineer with RIICO, said, \"The person in Haridwar telephoned me after he was told by the bank that a loan of Rs 5 lakh had been taken from HDFC bank in Jaipur on his pan card number.\"Incidentally, the Rajesh in Haridwar too had gone to seek a loan. Considering that he had never visited Jaipur, news of a pre-existing bank loan came as a rude shock.\"He traced my number with the help of officials and sent me the copy of his pan card. So far, I haven't faced any problems due to this duplication. However, to avoid any problems in the future, I have sought cancellation of one card number,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581142", "title": "Officer booked for gobbling fictitious staff salary", "text": "BHOPAL: A coordinator of a kisan call centre was booked on Thursday for allegedly duping government to the tune of Rs 82 lakh as he withdrew salaries of counsellors, who were never appointed or worked in the centre.The alleged scam took place at farmers call centre in Gangotri building. The TT Nagar police have registered a case under sections of forgery against the accused, Ajay Bhosle, the coordinator at the call centre.In his complaint with the police, Ramesh Singh Tomar, a resident of Kolar, who worked as a counsellor in the same call centre, said Bhosle prepared documents of 19 fake persons and identities to pocket their salaries amounting to around Rs 82 lakh.He lodged a complaint with the police a few days ago stating that Bhosle withdrew salary of non-existing employees this manner for more than three years. Tomar was allegedly sacked by Bhosle when he had once inquired about the forgery.The police said farmers' call centres receives grant from the central and state governments. They operate with the help of NGOs through public-private partnership model.\"We have registered a case and are looking into it. Prime facie police have come across three fake names on whose behalf salaries were fraudulently withdrawn. The accused has been called with the record to further corroborate the charges and take necessary action in the case,\" said CSP Rameshwar Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582235", "title": "Traffic mess will end soon", "text": "BANGALORE: The Sheshadri Road, linking Anand Rao Circle and K R Circle, was widened two years ago in an effort to create a signal-free corridor between Central Jail Cross and Hudson Circle (Corporation Circle).But in view of the increasing traffic, a signal island will soon come up at KR Circle. Following a plea from Bangalore Traffic Police, the BBMP is paring down the island built at KR Circle. \"This decision was taken after the passenger car unit per hour increased to 15,000 during peak hours and traffic piled up on Nrupathunga Road.Also the junction is risky for vehicles turning to Post Office Road from Ambedkar Veedhi,\" said MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic). Namma Metro workers, meanwhile, are cleaning up the space for routing Margarita, the tunnel-boring machine that is drilling 60 feet below", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mapusa/bicholim", "code": "16582169", "title": "10 shops damaged as tree branch falls at Assonora market", "text": "MAPUSA/BICHOLIM: Ten shops were damaged after a branch of a huge peepal tree came down crashing in the Assonora market in the early hours of Thursday.Three shops were totally damaged while seven were partially damaged. The incident took place at 2.30am when a branch of the old tree fell on the shops including grocery, vegetable and tea stalls.No one was hurt. The loss was estimated at over 10 lakh. Two electricity poles were damaged in the incident, which also created a traffic jam in the market. Fire services from Mapusa and Bicholim were pressed into service to clear the debris. \"It is a very unfortunate incident. The loss could be over 10 lakh,\" said Assonora sarpanch Sapna Mapari.\"Nothing has been left, everything has been damaged, and the loss will be around 5 lakh said Madhu Mapari, an affected shop owner.Pradip Halarnkar and Vishwantah Vaigankar were among others affected.\"The tree is supposed to be sacred. It will be decided whether to cut it down only after the advice of the religious heads,\" said sarpanch Mapari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16585462", "title": "Sharad Pawar to decide on nephew Ajit's resignation today, to attend NCP meet", "text": "MUMBAI: The crisis in Maharashtra government after deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's resignation is expected to draw to a close with the intervention of Union agriculture minister and NCP president Sharad Pawar today.Pawar will participate in the NCP legislature party meeting which be held at Vidhan Bhavan here at 4pm.The NCP legislature party has already appealed to Ajit Pawar to withdraw his resignation, sent to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday, after an expose in a section of the media on alleged irregularities in the irrigation department during his tenure as minister.The party has authorised Pawar to take a final call on the matter.After Ajit resigned, all the other 19 NCP ministers in the government had also handed over their resignation letters to state unit president Madhukar Pichad.The resignation of MLAs was being seen as a show of strength by Ajit that he had the backing of the entire legislature party.However, Ajit Pawar refuted speculation of a rift with his uncle (Sharad Pawar).NCP suspects that the chief minister was \"leaking\" information related to the irrigation department, a charge that has been denied by the Congress.\"In the age of RTI Act, nothing can remain under wraps,\" Congress sources said.There were reports of NCP activists burning Chavan's effigies and taking out demonstrations in some parts of the state. Congress took strong objection to this, following which Pichad issued a statement asking his party activists to stop the protests.\"Ajit Pawar's resignation is an internal matter of our party,\" he said in the statement.Meanwhile, Congress is standing firmly behind Chavan. The party said decision on Ajit Pawar's resignation will be taken after consultation with Sharad Pawar and Congress central leadership.In the last four days, Chavan has been meeting legislators and party leaders and is in touch with Sharad Pawar and the Congress leaders in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16583230", "title": "Osama was blind in one eye: Zawahiri", "text": "LONDON: Slain al-Qaida chief Osama bin Laden was blind in one eye after an accident during his youth and was a one-time member of the Muslim Brotherhood, his successor has claimed in a new video tribute to the terror mastermind.Ayman al-Zawahiri , made the claim in an hour-long video titled 'Days With The Imam'. It was an account of the life of bin Laden, who was killed in a US navy SEAL raid on his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, last year.Zawahiri revealed \"for those who do not know\" Saudi-born bin Laden was left blind in his right eye after an accident during his youth.He also claimed that the terrorist mastermind was expelled from the Saudi branch of the Muslim Brotherhood for insisting on waging jihad, holy war, against the Soviet Union in Afghanistan, the Daily Mail reported.It is claimed that bin Laden travelled to Peshawar, near the border with Afghanistan, to deliver cash to the Taliban, but then defied the Brotherhood's orders to join the armed struggle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16580817", "title": "Police sub-inspector bashed for breaking queue, four arrested", "text": "VADODARA: A police sub-inspector (PSI), who tried to bypass a queue to refill CNG in his car, was beaten up by people at Vavdi on the outskirts of Godhra town. The police nabbed four persons in connection with the incident even as villagers alleged that those who were arrested were beaten up badly by the police in custody.The incident took place at around midnight at Moonlight Petrol Pump when PSI V B Patel went there to refill gas in his car. Patel was in plainclothes and bypassed a long queue to get his car refuelled directly without waiting.Some persons objected to this and a row took place at the fuel station. Patel, who is posted at the A Division in Godhra, claimed that four persons started beating him up badly at the petrol pump. Patel is said to have fractured a finger due to the incident.Patel claimed that he was going for a prohibition raid (a raid to seize liquor) and hence was in a hurry.He was accompanied by his nephew Bharmal Patel at this time.Four persons - Ajay Raulji, Pratapsin Puvar, Dhaval Puvar and Dilipsinh Raulji - were arrested in connection with the incident.Vavdi village sarpanch Dharmendrasinh Rathod said they wanted to complain regarding the boys being beaten up, but the police resisted this. \"We are now planning to move the court in this regard,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581685", "title": "Set up courts at stations: RPF to HC", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior official from the Railway Protection Force (RPF) has written to the Bombay high court, requesting for magistrate courts to be created at six stations on Central Railway for speedy prosecution of daily cases. An activist had complained earlier this month that the RPF would bring offenders to court by binding their hands together with a long rope, which was inhuman.Senior divisional security commissioner Alok Bohra wrote to the HC stating that the RPF books more than a thousand offenders every week, under various provisions of the Railway Act, throughout the Mumbai division which extends up to Karjat and Igatpuri stations. The offences are mostly bailable and non-cognizable. At present, there are only two railway courts__ one at Kalyan and the other at CST.\"Offenders caught at far flung stations like Igatpuri, Karjat and Panvel have to be brought all the way to the Kalyan court; similarly offenders from stations like Kurla, Dombivali and Mankhurd have to be brought to the CST court which is several kilometers away. The RPF is also facing a manpower crunch which makes it difficult to escort a large number of offenders together to the railway court,\" Bohra said.The RPF has requested the Bombay HC to have a magistrate available at Dombivali, Thane, Panvel, Mankhurd, Kurla and Dadar stations between 11 am to 1 pm and from 5 to 7 pm in the interest of passengers' rights. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581563", "title": "Auction not sole method for natural resource allocation: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday said auction could not be the sole method for allocation of natural resources, a judicial determination which was immediately seized upon by the government as a rebuttal of its criticism for allocating spectrum and coal blocks without inviting competitive bids.A five-judge constitution bench unanimously held that auction could be only among several methods for distribution of natural resources, and that it was for the government to choose the mode that best served the \"common good\".It said the court would not interfere with the executive's prerogative to select the means for distribution of natural resources unless it was found to fail the twin tests of \"fairness and non-arbitrariness\" in the light of Article 14 of the Constitution.The crucial opinion, which was celebrated by the government as vindication of its decision not to hold auctions for 2G spectrum or coal blocks, came in response to a presidential reference which wanted to know whether the SC's judgment in the 2G case made it mandatory for the government to allocate all natural resources only through auction.The bench of Chief Justice SH Kapadia and Justices DK Jain, JS Khehar, Dipak Misra and Ranjan Gogoi unanimously replied that the 2G judgment, which cancelled 122 spectrum licences and ordered their auction, was never meant to be an \"auction only\" prescription for allocation of natural resources other than spectrum.\"The recommendation of auction for alienation of natural resources was never intended to be taken as an absolute or blanket statement applicable across all natural resources, but simply a conclusion made at first blush over the attractiveness of a method like auction in disposal of natural resources,\" the bench said.Congress finds buffer to CAG loss figuresThe binding opinion of the court was pounced upon by the government as a riposte to the comptroller and auditor general's (CAG) censure for giving away 2G spectrum and coal blocks without inviting competitive bids. Union ministers Kapil Sibal and Salman Khurshid rushed to welcome the court's opinion, while Congress leadership hoped that it may have finally found a buffer against CAG's estimates of loss to the exchequer (in the 2G case) and undue gains to private players (in Coalgate).Giving its opinion, the court did hold that auction should be the preferred mode in case the objective of allocation of natural resources was revenue maximization. However, it should not take away from the relief in government circles. The UPA leadership has defended its decision not to invite competitive bids on the ground that it was guided by considerations other than revenue maximization \u2014 cheap telephony in the case of 2G spectrum and cheap power and infrastructure in case of Coalgate.In fact, even the court said that holding auctions could sometimes be contrary to economic logic as \"very often, exploration and exploitation contracts are bundled together due to requirement of heavy capital in the discovery of natural resources\". It also said auction method was also susceptible to abuse, as it could be manipulated through cartelization. Likewise, it said that in certain situations common good could not be best served by revenue maximization.The court said the Constitution did not bind the government to auction for allocation of natural resources, stressing that Article 39B merely talked about \"distribution\": a generic term which could not be construed to mean any particular mode.It said more than the method itself, it was the manner in which it was implemented that counts. \"Therefore, potential abuse cannot be the basis for striking down a method as unconstitutional. It is the actual abuse itself that must be brought before the court for being tested on the anvils of constitutional provisions,\" it said.The court did not get into the question of what could be the best method of allocation for natural resources, saying they were not experts. However, it warned that the higher courts were free to test a policy decision on allocation of natural resources on the touchstone of Article 14 of the Constitution and strike it down if it failed to meet the twin criteria of fairness and non-arbitrariness.In the 2G case, the court had scrapped spectrum licences given by the telecom ministry under A Raja on the ground that they were distributed in a tainted manner. The court directed the government to allocate spectrum afresh by holding auctions, leading the government to seek clarification through the presidential reference as to whether the verdict applied for the allocation of natural resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16581037", "title": "Surgeon booked for hair transplant device theft", "text": "SURAT: A plastic surgeon and his aide were booked by police for allegedly stealing parts of a newly invented hair transplant device and claiming the credit for its invention. The complaint was lodged by another plastic surgeon, who claims that the device was invented by him.Police have booked Dr Mayur Lekhadiya and ward boy Mahendra Vasava for allegedly stealing parts of a hair transplant device invented by Dr Pradip Atodariya. The latter approached police after he came to know about the theft from internet.Atodariya informed police that he had uploaded the photographs and details of a hair transplant device developed by him during past two years. To his surprise, he witnessed a similar looking device on the internet uploaded by another doctor from Surat. He found that Lekhadiya also claimed credit for its invention. Atodariya came to know that Vasava had worked at Lekhadiya's hospital for a few months before joining his hospital. Vasava worked at Atodariya's hospital for four years before quitting to rejoin Lekhadiya's hospital. The wardboy then returned to work at Atodariya's hospital. During initial inquiry police found that Vasava allegedly stole two important parts of the instrument and also some photographs. The photographs were allegedly put on internet by Lekhadiya and he claimed to be the inventor of the device. tnnAtodariya had applied for patent of the device in 2010. Its registration is under process. He claimed that once the instrument is registered in his name, he could earn fabulous amount from it. Hence the alleged theft by Lekhadiya and Vasava could cause major financial loss to him. Police have begun investigation into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16582126", "title": "Stolen safe with 3.84L found in Calangute field", "text": "CALANGUTE: The safe containing cash amounting to 3,84,955, which was stolen from a petrol pump in the intervening night of Monday-Tuesday, was recovered on Thursday afternoon by Calangute police. No arrests have been made so far.The safe was found hidden in bushes in a field about 100m away from the petrol pump at Naikavado, Calangute, close to the Calangute police station, said PI Nolasco Raposo.As police suspected involvement of petrol pump staff, they rounded up all workers employed, including those who had been sacked, at the petrol pump since January when the pump opened. Apart from petrol pump attendants, the suspects also included security guards, including ex-servicemen.During interrogation, the police got a few clues based on which they once again conducted a search of the fields near the petrol pump, leading to the recovery of the safe.Police are certain that the safe was concealed there much after the robbery as the sniffer dog which had been pressed into service earlier had failed to find any trail leading to the field.The police said though they've zeroed in on the main suspect, they are waiting to make any arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16583443", "title": "World Tourism Day: Old problems come to fore at meeting on the event", "text": "MANGALORE: It was a case of Deja vu for entrepreneurs and investors as far as development and promotion of tourism in this part of state was concerned on World Tourism Day. Lack of Infrastructure and information on places of interest and restrictions were highlighted by entrepreneurs and promoters of tourism as the stumbling blocks at an interaction with the district administration and the department of tourism on Thursday.JK Rao, who promotes the state's only Cruise n Dine floating restaurant, rued that Goa which has 120 km of coastline had plenty of cruise tourism while the state endowed with 400 km of coastline, unfortunately had only one. He sought the state government and the district administration's active role in promoting tourism.Aravind Prabhu, founder of virtualmangalore.com said, \"Though the district has many beaches only Panambur is deemed safe.\"He wanted the district administration to make efforts to make people feel safe in promoting brand Mangalore.Vathika Kamath Pai, proprietrix, Vathika International Travels, said that international cruise tourists had no facilities at their places of interest and urged the district administration to provide the same. She also asked that the tourism department to provide guides and also proper maps for those who wanted to explore the district on their own. Jayaraj Shetty, who has beach front properties in Mulky area, said that he wanted to develop it for tourists and wanted to know the guidelines and how licences could be obtained.Yathish Baikampady, CEO, Panambur Beach Development Project, suggested introduction of seaplanes and luxury lines from Kochi to Mumbai would help tap tourism potential here. He said the district had lot of waterways which could be used for seaplane transport as short travel to religious as well as tourist destinations in and around the district. Yathish also suggested having a Beach Tourism Council, involving local population, to help boost tourism, lest he warned beaches would be garbage dumps in the near future.Jeevan Saldanha, secretary, KCCI wanted some relaxation in Coastal Zone Regulation rules so that beaches could be developed for tourism activities.DC NS Channappa Gowda assured the people present that their grievances would be addressed appropriately if within the ambit of his powers. DC said there was a need to create conducive atmosphere to improve tourism in Mangalore. Though the DC did not single out the recent home stay attack incident, he indicated there while tourists need to respect local culture, the local people also need to change their outlook towards tourist promoting activities. He noted that unlike Kerala and Goa, the tourism infrastructure in Mangalore was not developed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16582592", "title": "Chandi Kotla: Legal notice to financial commissioner", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Despite places around Chandimandir and those close to Nada Sahib area in Panchkula falling under seismic zone-IV that indicates high susceptibility to earthquake, Haryana as well as Centre never bothered to appoint any experts to take preventive measures. Now, the chairman of Shivalik Vikas Manch, Vijay Bansal on whose petition HC had asked the authorities to take necessary steps, has sent a legal notice to the financial commissioner (revenue) and the head of town and country planning department Haryana. While referring to recent two incidents of Chandi Kotla and Nada Sahib, Bansal asked the authorities as to why contempt of court petition should not be filed against them.On September 27 last year, HC directed Haryana FC (revenue) to take steps for a decision on implementation of Disaster Management Act 2005. But the authorities did nothing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582327", "title": "'I'm an ISRO scientist, will get you a job in Bangalore'", "text": "BANGALORE: The special city police team investigating the case of Buela M Sam, the Ahmedabad woman who breached security at the guesthouse and headquarters of the Indian Space Research Organization here, on Wednesday picked up for questioning a graduate student from Punalur, near Kollam in Kerala.The Bachelor of Computer Applications student, Anthony Thomas, was traced after police found he had spoken with Buela, 44, who was arrested earlier this week for the security breach. Buela and Anthony were in regular touch on the phone since September 18.Anthony and his parents were brought to the city on Wednesday night, highly placed police sources told TOI.Anthony told police he met Buela at Punalur bus stand on September 18. \"She introduced herself as a senior Isro scientist. I requested her if she could help me get a job in Bangalore and Buela agreed. She gave her mobile number and asked me to forward my resume,\" Anthony said.A senior police officer said: \"Preliminary investigation revealed that Anthony met Buela for the first time on September 18 at Punalur bus stand. We don't see any previous connection. Buela told Anthony she was a scientist and he believed her.\"A Kollam report quoting sources said the owner of Spark Studio in Punalur, where Buela got her fake ID done has been taken into custody and brought to Bangalore. Sini Balan, the owner of Jana studio, has been let off.Scientist, not engineerBuela, who is said to be suffering from grandiose delusional disorder, arrived in Punalur on receiving news of her father being seriously ill. On being told he had dead, she allegedly left Punalur for Mangalore en route to Bangalore. Grandiose delusional disorder patients are suspected to have an exaggerated sense of themselves.City police sources also said the Isro staffer seen with Buela in the corridors of the Old Airport Road guesthouse is still on their radar. They said he's a scientist, not an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582529", "title": "12 test positive for typhus in Tricity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A sudden spurt in the number of fever cases due to scrub typhus from the city and surrounding areas has left medical fraternity in the PGI alarmed. \"We have seen 10 to 12 positive cases from Tricity in the recent weeks. This is startling as the topography here does not permit the mite to breed,\" said Dr Sunil Sethi of PGI's department of medical microbiology. Scrub typhus, a zonotic disease that can be transmitted from animals to humans, has claimed many lives in HP. Common symptoms of the disease, which is also called bed bug, include fever, cough and muscle pain. Doctors at PGI said the fever due to bed bug has been reported in both children and adults. \"We received 62 blood samples from adults as well as children belonging to UT, Jalandhar and Himachal Pradesh. Of this, close to 80% tested positive for scrub typhus,\" the doctor said, adding 10-12 patients belonged to Tricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582190", "title": "Police out in force for Ganesh immersion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police gearing up for the Ganesh immersion on Friday and Saturday have deployed extra personnel, identified strategic locations, immersion spots and chalked out plans for traffic diversions. The immersion on September 28 and 29 will mark the end of the 11-day Ganesh Chaturthi festival.According to police officers, considering the large number of idols which will be immersed, revelers from different areas will be diverted to specific spots on the riverfront to avoid commotions. City police will be put on alert from Friday afternoon, before the immersions begin.\"Seventeen companies of State Reserve Police (SRP) have been deployed across the city on a permanent basis. Apart from these, a company each of SRP and Rapid Action Force ( RAF), 35 women constables, 10 mounted police and 2,700 Home Guards will assist in maintaining law and order. Three deputy superintendents of police (DSPs), under training at Gujarat Police Academy, Karai, will supervise at the riverfront,\" said a senior city police official.Officials said 500 armed constables will be positioned at strategic locations on and around the riverfront and will assist special branch and crime branch personnel who will keep an eye on proceedings. Nine Police Control Room (PCR) vans and four Quick Response Teams ( QRT) will be on the move during the bandobast. \"We will have police videographers to record proceedings at and around immersion spots and at important locations such as bridges which are crucial from a security point of view,\" said the official.S M Khatri, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that two bridges - Ellis Bridge and Sardar Bridge - will be closed in the evenings to facilitate the immersion. \"Commuters should avoid these two bridges during immersion time. Extra personnel will be deployed around all immersion points to keep traffic flowing,\" he said.Police said they are continually coordinating with Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation which will provide floodlights, Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) personnel, swimmers and ambulances according to the contingency plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582773", "title": "People should change for a better society, says Santosh Hegde", "text": "KOCHI: The need of the hour is to change the attitude of people to bring a positive change in the society and the governance system, said former Lokayukta of Karnataka Justice N Santosh Hegde after inaugurating the adjunct faculty lecture series at Government Law College in Ernakulam on Thursday.Delivering a lecture on ' A Perspective on Moral Values in Society' , the former judge of the Supreme Court said: \"You have to change if you want your country to be honest, if you want governance to reach the poorest of poor as well as the urban mass. That is true democracy. That change can happen only through values. People should learn to be content and satisfied, and try to live within their means.\"Earlier, professor Mini Paul gave the welcome address. Principal A S Saroja also spoke on the occasion. The programme was coordinated by students of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581861", "title": "Dengue claims Mumbai teen's life, death toll rises to six", "text": "MUMBAI: A 17-year-old boy from Mira Road died, suspected of dengue, within 24 hours of being admitted to a tertiary care hospital. With him, the number of lives claimed by the vector borne ailment in and around the city has risen to six.Head of BMC's epidemiology department Dr Mangala Gomare, however, assured citizens there was nothing to panic. \"Yes, there is a rise in positive cases but mortality rate due to dengue has remained the same as the two previous years. We are closely monitoring the scene,\" she said.On Wednesday evening, Movel Pinto's organs started failing one after another. He was admitted to Bhaktivedanta Hospital in Mira Road but within 24 hours, his condition deteriorated, with the severe pain in his abdomen, fever and jaundice worsening. Chief intensivist of the hospital Dr Suraj Purushothaman said Pinto's renal function degenerated and the boy started sinking.Before coming to Bhaktivedanta, Pinto underwent treatment in a nursing home that referred him to this hospital once his condition started worsening. Purushotham said in Bhaktivedanta, two others died of dengue in September and the previous month.There has been a sudden spurt of dengue cases in the past fortnight, with 189 cases confirmed this month. This year also witnessed more people afflicted with dengue than that in the past two years; this year's count so far is 451, while the numbers were 416 in 2011 and 115 in 2010. Dengue toll in Mumbai has, however, been restricted to three all these years.Bhaktivadenata medical coordinator Dr Ashok Shetty said the surprising element about dengue this season was that patients showed signs of rapid deterioration. \"Patients are coming in with plummeting platelet count and going into multi-organ failure. Soon after, their respiratory system also starts failing and next, they are put on ventilator,\" he said. Physician Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults with Breach Candy and Jaslok hospitals, said they also showed a dip in white blood cells. \"Rashes are acute, lasting for two to three weeks. We have been witnessing renal and liver complications,\" he said. Intensivist at Kokilaben Hospital Dr Vatsal Kothari, however, allayed fear, saying several dengue cases might be reported, but not many required intensive care. \"Some land up in ICU due to their immune reaction to the virus,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581729", "title": "Engineer stabs friend, rushes him to hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: A software engineer tried to kill his friend following an argument over a monetary dispute at his Lokhandwala flat in Andheri (W) on Wednesday. Interestingly, the engineer later rushed the victim to hospital, from where he was arrested by the police.According to investigators, the accused, Vishal Kapoor (34), assaulted Rajendra Shah (38) with a hammer and then stabbed him with a knife. Shah has been admitted to Kokila Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital and is in a critical condition, a police officer said. \"Kapoor was arrested and produced in a court. He has been remanded in police custody till October 1,\" he added.The police said Kapoor wanted money to invest in a business venture and had approached Shah for help. Shah gave Rs 16 lakh to Kapoor, who promised to give Rs 25 lakh in return. When the accused failed to return the money in the stipulated period, the victim started pestering him. DCP (Zone IX) P Dighavkar said, \"Kapoor called Shah to his house and offered him tea laced with a sedative. When Shah started feeling drowsy, Kapoor hit him on his head with a hammer. He then stabbed him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16583778", "title": "Maternal uncle, two others arrested for abducting girl", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three persons were arrested on Tuesday for abducting a 17-year-old girl for ransom.The accused were identified as R Shanmugavel, 32, R Kalimuthu, 37, both hailing from Vedasandur in Dindigul district and M Velusamy, 61 from Rangamedu in Karur district. Police said the trio abducted R Nandhini from her house in Vadivu Nagar near Chettipalayam in the city on 17 September, taking her hostage in a car.The girl was studying Plus One in a private school at Vellalore. Shanmugavel, maternal uncle to the Nandhini, had given Rs 2 lakh to the girl's mother S Kaleeswari, Shanmugavel's sister to meet medical expenses. She suffered from a blood vessel rupture and the money was used for her operation.The girl's father R Ramasamy, 55, did not return the money on time and Shanmugavel had threatened him that he would abduct their daughter Nandhini. Shanmugavel and two others abducted the girl and demanded money from Ramasamy.Podanur police registered a case under section 364 (A) (kidnapping for ransom), 366 (kidnapping, abducting or inducing woman to compel her marriage) of IPC. A special team had formed to nab the culprits.Meanwhile, the culprits took the girl to Karur and she was held hostage at a house which belonged the accused Velusamy. Shammugavel intended to marry Nandini if her parents did not return the money. However, Ramasamy went to Karur immediately and returned Rs 2 lakh to Shanmugavel who released Nandani to her father on receiving the money.A special team rushed to Karur, but the culprits managed to escape. On Tuesday, the trio came to Podanur in connection with a land dispute issue, and the Podanur police arrested them. Later, the three persons were lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "toronto", "code": "16583662", "title": "Bored to death? Research on attention decodes idle brain", "text": "TORONTO: Scientists have identified boredom as 'an aversive state of wanting, but being unable , to engage in satisfying activity' , which arises from failures in one of the brain's attention networks.Psychological scientist John Eastwood of York University , Canada and colleagues at University of Guelph and University of Waterloo wanted to understand the mental processes that underlie feelings of boredom in order to create a precise definition of it that can be applied across a variety of theoretical frameworks.The team found that people get bored when they have difficulty paying attention to the internal information like thoughts or feelings or external information such as environmental stimuli required for participating in satisfying activity.Boredom is also experienced by people when they are aware of the fact that they're having difficulty paying attention or when people believe that the environment is responsible for their aversive state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "khagaria/begusarai", "code": "16583514", "title": "Violence mars CM's Khagaria meeting", "text": "KHAGARIA/BEGUSARAI: The police burst teargas shells and fired several rounds in the air to disperse a violent crowd of contractual teachers and protesters who indulged in pelting stones at chief minister Nitish Kumar's cavalcade when it reached Khagaria from Begusarai on Thursday. The windscreen of the car of DGP Abhayanand and some other police vehicles were smashed.The agitating crowd, denied entry to the venue of the CM's meeting, also set afire three police vehicles, two private vehicles and two bikes, ransacked the collectorate office and damaged its record room. A number of JD(U) workers, including the local MLA Poonam Devi and former MLA Ranvir Yadav, were injured in a clash between JD(U) workers and protesters.At Begusarai also, there was chaos before the CM's arrival at the venue. A section of the crowd hurled chairs in the air and attempted to create unruly scene near the stage. Police had to resort to lathicharge to control them. One person was injured.Later, addressing the Adhikar sammelan at the local Krishi Bazar Samiti ground at Khagaria to mobilise support for Bihar's demand for special category status, the CM said his party was organizing the Adhikar Rally to safeguard the interest of the people of the state. He also flayed the Centre for allowing FDI in multi-brand retail. He exhorted the people to attend the November 4 rally at Gandhi Maidan in Patna to raise their voice for granting special category status to Bihar.Earlier, addressing a meeting at Begusarai, Nitish warned the opposition parties of the state against starting the unhealthy trend of disrupting political meetings of rival parties. Nitish said he damn care for the disturbances being created by opposition parties at his meetings. Making indirect reference to the RJD leaders for creating trouble, Nitish advised them to stay away from such tactics or be ready to face the same.Nitish said if the Union government remained indifferent to the demand for special category status to Bihar even after the November 4 rally, he would take the fight to Delhi and try to bring the backward states under one umbrella.The CM, who had to face the contractual teachers' ire during his meetings at Madhubani and Darbhanga recently, however, praised the local contractual teachers for placing their demand before him in a proper way. A delegation of contractual teachers had met him at the circuit house in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16583384", "title": "6 schools yet to demand UP Board exam forms", "text": "KANPUR: With barely three days left to the last date, six schools from the city are yet to submit their demand to the district inspector of schools (DIOS) for forms of class X and XII examination conducted by the UP Madhyamic Shiksha Parishad.The last date to submit the filled forms has been fixed as September 30 by UP Board. According to sources, there and about 35 schools from the city who have apprised the DIOS of the demand, but have not collected their forms from his office so far. As many as 590 schools have collected their forms from the office.Sources said Rashtrapal Higher Secondary School, Budhpuri, Government Ordnance Factory School Armapur, Mohan Das Karamchandra Gandhi Balika Inter College, Surja Devi Saraswati Vidya Mandir higher Secondary School Bairi, Devi Prasad Education Center Maksoodabad, Gyan Sthali Academy Higher Secondary School, Gopal Nagar, Naubasta have not placed any demand for Board examination forms.DIOS office is distributing forms for the class X and XII examinations for the 2012-13 session.DIOS Komal Yadav said all the boys schools from north city, including Sarsaul and Kalyanpur development block may deposit the duly filled forms at Government Inter College, Chunniganj.On the other hand, girls schools from the urban area can submit their forms at Government Inter College, Vijay Nagar. Similarly, all schools of Kanpur South and Tehsil Bilhour and Ghatampur and block development Bidhanoo area can deposit their forms at Government Inter College, Bhauti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581666", "title": "International drug ring busted", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what is being described as the biggest seizure of heroin in the last one decade, the special cell has nabbed a 29-year-old Nigerian, along with his local aide, possessing 8kg of heroin worth Rs 20 crore in the international market. But what has come as a real surprise is the drug syndicate's connection with a Laskhar-e-Taiba (LeT) group processing heroin, and then smuggling it into India from Pakistan \u2014 through the Attari border \u2014 after pocketing its commission. The accused is part of a network of Nigerians settled in Pakistan and Afghanistan with its headquarters in Karachi.Police said the drugs were processed at Gurudaspur in Punjab and then brought to Delhi. From here, the accused smuggled the drugs to Mumbai and Pune. It was a well-oiled machine with Nigerians as well as locals recruited from both sides of the border. Cops are investigating if the accused were using the capital as a transit point to other European destinations. Theophilus, the Nigerian national, and Gurpreet (24), from Punjab, were arrested from Pankha Road in west Delhi on Monday, said Sanjeev Yadav, DCP (special cell).\"We received a tip-off that heroin was heroin was being smuggled into India from Pakistan through the border in Punjab, whereupon it is brought for sale in the capital as well as Mumbai,\" he said. Theophilus came to Delhi in 2008 on a business visa, police said. He stayed on even after the expiry of visa.\"In 2009, he came in contact with the drug syndicate having its links in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Punjab, Delhi and Mumbai. We have now sent teams to Mumbai for further leads,'' said additional CP (special cell) Ashok Chand.\"The accused claimed to taking instructions from his Nigerian counterpart in Pakistan. This person would send the consignment from Pakistan to India. Theophilus then used to send his associate to Punjab to collect the consignment. He has disclosed that to date he has received around six consignments of heroin of different quantities,\" Yadav said.Theophilus pretended to run a garment business to conceal his activitis, police said. Yadav said Singh came to Delhi in 2009 and worked in a private firm. \"Theophilus roped him in for carrying drugs, paying Rs 5,000 for each consignment,\" he said.Efforts are being made to identify drug traffickers in Punjab, Delhi and Mumbai involved in the drug ring.The LeT, led by expert counterfeiters like Iqbal Kana, is known to control the drug cartel on the Indo-Pak border, with the kickbacks being used for sponsoring terror activities in India. Police believe Karachi and Quetta to be the hotbed of narco-terrorism the world over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16582802", "title": "17 injured in poll related group clash", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Seventeen people, belonging to two groups were injured in a clash due to pre-poll enmity in Virudhunagar district.Both the groups attacked each other with sickle and wooden logs on Wednesday night. While 10 of the injured have been admitted in the Virudhunagar government hospital, two have been referred to the Madurai Government Rajaji Hospital. More than 24 hours after the incident, the police are yet to arrest anyone in connection with the case.Police said that Prema, wife of Muniasamy of Vadamalaikurichi had contested against Indira of the same locality for the post of president of the panchayat in the local body elections, last year. Though enmity brewed between the two families during the elections itself, it grew among the supporters of the two women after Prema won the polls.On Wednesday, Muniyandi, a supporter of Indira picked up a quarrel with few members of the Prema faction. It soon resulted in a clash between the two groups. However, most of the injured were supporters of Indira, police said adding that the injured included ten women.Police said that there situation has been brought under control. A large posse of police has been deployed in Vadamalaikurichi to prevent the clashes from snowballing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16583756", "title": "Another emu firm caught in the net", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) police have registered a case against Tamil emu farm India private limited at Kangeyam in Tirupur district on Thursday. The police believe the firm has duped several persons to the tune of Rs 1 crore.Police said, D Sathish, 22, a farmer of Periyakattupalayam near Perundurai in Erode district had invested Rs 3 lakh in Tamil emu farm at Kangeyam on April 2, 2012. The firm promised him a monthly incentive of Rs 15,000 and an annual bonus of Rs 40,000. The victim had received Rs 60,000 from the firm following which they stopped paying him. When he approached them for payment, they were not responsive.On Thursday, Sathish lodged a complaint with EOW against the managing directors of the firm, C Tamil Prabhu of Chennai, Raja alias Rajasekar of Bhavani in Erode and Kumar of Kanjikonampalayam in Coimbatore district. Based on his complaint, police registered a case against them under section 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy), 406 (criminal preach of trust) and 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) of IPC.The police have formed a special team to nab the culprits. They have also asked victims to lodge their complaints with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586075", "title": "Don't think I will ever get married: Mallika Sherawat", "text": "Actress Mallika Sherawat , who is known for her bold roles, has refused to comment on her alleged link up with Hollywood actor Antonio Banderas while saying that she would not get married ever in life.\"I don't think I will ever get married. I say so because I feel it is outdated, marriage is outdated. I am loving being single. Why would I sacrifice the love and devotion of so many fans,\" Mallika told .\"I have never really thought of what kind of a man I am looking for. I am busy right now doing films here and abroad, travelling and enjoying life,\" she said.During the Cannes Film Festival celebrity party, Mallika and Hollywood actor Antonio Banderas were seen dancing together. On the issue, Mallika said, \"There is no comment on that. I don't know why (so much mileage) and I really don't want to comment on that.\"With regards to fashion, Mallika feels her choices have been bold because that is her approach towards life. \"My fashion choices have been bold because that is my mindset. I like to push new boundaries in all aspects, be it cinema, fashion or red carpet events. In India I am criticised for the kind of clothes I wear but abroad I am not. So we live in two different worlds,\" she said.Mallika is quite excited about her upcoming Hindi film 'Kismat Love Paisa Dilli' , where she will be seen opposite actor Vivek Oberoi .A romantic comic thriller, the film is directed by Sanjay Khanduri of 'Ek Chalis Ki Last Local' fame and will hit the screens on October 5. \"I play the role of Lovina, a girl-next-door. She is a no nonsense, strong-headed girl...very regular kind of a Delhi girl. The acting came to me naturally,\" Mallika said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583710", "title": "Four residents of Bhagwat Nagar go on fast-unto-death against demolition bid", "text": "PATNA: Leaving no stone unturned to save their dwellings, four residents of Bhagwat Nagar went on fast-unto-death on Thursday to protest the anti-encroachment drive by Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) and district administration to comply with the order of the Supreme Court in this regard.\"Saroj Kant Tripathy, Sudhir Kant Pathak, Heera Singh and B N Singh started the fast on Thursday morning. Something has to be done to save the 131 houses from demolition,\" said Avinash, a resident of Bhagwat Nagar.However, PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said, \"The Supreme Court has ordered the PMC to submit a preliminary report in the case by September 30. But the deadline for removing the encroachments was six weeks from September 12. So the authorities concerned would try again to remove the encroachments.\" According to PMC officials, there are 266 houses built in the locality without their design approval by Patna Regional Development Authority ( PRDA).However, according to police sources, the next attempt to remove the encroachments from the area is likely to take place after the President's visit to Patna on October 3.\"We had faxed a letter to the President's office expressing our wish to meet him during his visit to Patna,\" said Adarsh Bhagwat Jai Prakash Nagar Sangharsh Morcha president Saroj Kant Tripathy.\"PMC, in its final report, earmarked 131 houses only. We purchased the houses from farmers and all the residents have been paying holding tax for several years. Why the district administration did not take any action before since the case was first highlighted in 1980. They did not give us any prior notice this time before coming to demolish our houses. We came to know from the media only,\" said R N Singh, a resident.Anisha Devi, a housewife, said, \"Our lives are at stake. Every morning we wake up with a fear that our houses might not exist the next day. We have stopped sending our children to schools since Monday.\"Several political leaders also visited the area on Thursday. Arun Kumar Sinha, MLA, Kumhrar, said, \"It would be inhumane to remove such a large population. The state government should try to handle the situation with sympathy.\"BPCC president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser said, \"The state government should be more sympathetic to the issue and file a fresh PIL in the Supreme Court in the interest of the residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16582043", "title": "Mapusa jewellers directed to install security cameras", "text": "MAPUSA: Following the September 16 murder and robbery at a jewellery shop in Mapusa, the Goa Jewellers Association (GJA) held a meeting that saw the attendance of 61 goldsmiths on Wednesday where it directed all its members to install CCTV cameras and implement other security measures to prevent the repeat of such an incident.At its meeting, two companies that deal with CCTV cameras were asked to give live demonstrations on how these cameras are helpful in cases of robberies. In Mapusa, there are about 86 gold shops and 76 are affiliated to the GJA. \"We have made it mandatory for all the members to install CCTV cameras and other security measures like burglar alarms,\" said Sagar Pednekar, GJA president.On September 16, Ratnakar Raikar, a goldsmith, was stabbed to death and gold ornaments weighing 3kg, worth 90 lakh were stolen from his shop at Koskar building, Taliwada, Mapusa.Sources said that two months before Raikar's death, the Mapusa DySP held a meeting with gold shop owners and advised them about implementing security measures which included CCTVs, burglar alarms and if possible, healthy and vigilant security guards.Irrespective of the warnings issued by the police, most gold shops, financial institutions, ATMs and banks in Mapusa are still devoid of adequate security measures and vigilant security guards.Pednekar added that they had held three meetings on security measures and that five days before the Mapusa incident, they had held a review. The association has now decided to conduct surprise checks at jewellery shops upon receiving complaints about their lackluster attitude in implementing security arrangements. \"We will be taking rounds around the city to see whether directions have been followed and if not, we will ask for reasons and then try to solve the problem,\" Pednekar said.The association has 126 members from the main towns of the North Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16581754", "title": "Mumbai college teachers wait for August pay", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582224", "title": "CBI notice to Tarun Barot's juniors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI on Thursday issued summons to four officers who were posted in crime branch during the encounter of Sadiq Jamal Mehtar in 2003. The probe agency is going to question these officers on their activities during the encounter and their association with deputy superintendent of police (DSP) Tarun Barot, who was arrested in the case on Tuesday.When Barot was produced before the special CBI court on Wednesday, the DSP had complained that the probe agency was brow-beating his driver and policemen who were part of his security cordon. Barot told the court that the CBI was pressurizing junior cops to become witnesses in this case.On Thursday, the CBI dispatched summons to the driver of Barot's official vehicle, a police commando and two head constables. \"We have got evidence that suggest that these four policemen were part of the team headed by Barot that had taken illegal custody of Sadiq from certain senior cops of Mumbai,\" said CBI sources.\"It is possible that these four policemen did not know that Sadiq was being taken into custody illegally. We are ready to give them the benefit of doubt. But, they have maintained silence for several years after the encounter. Despite the fact that it was their duty to speak out after the illegal encounter had taken place,\" said a CBI official.\"It now depends on them whether they wish to disclose all that they know about this illegal operation. In that case we shall deal with them as witnesses. If they continue to maintain silence, then they will be treated as accused in this case,\" he said.After receiving the summons one of the cops, who is now retired, got admitted to a hospital. He told the doctors there that he had met with a road accident recently and that he was not feeling well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583231", "title": "University pulled up for \u2018misusing\u2019 Madras high court order", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Thursday came down strongly against Anna University for \"misusing its earlier order to fill up 80 seats for BArch courses\" and directed the university registrar to appear before it on Friday. A single-judge bench of Justice V Ramasubramanian was hearing a petition filed by Y Vandana that said she was denied a seat in the BArch course for 2012-13 under SC quota despite getting the required marks.The petitioner said she would have got admission had the seats been filled according to merit under the single window system and alleged that \"20 of the seats had not been allocated on merit.\" The court directed that no candidate be admitted other than through single window counselling and the process for anyone thus admitted be stopped until further orders. It said the petitioner be considered eligible for applying for the BArch course.Early this year, the New Delhi-based Council of Architecture, the controlling body for BArch in the country, reduced the permitted intake for 2012-13 in BArch at the School of Architecture and Planning of Anna University from 80 to 40 seats based on an inspection by an expert committee. Then, in July, Anna University challenged the reduction of seats before the Madras high court and got an interim stay. The court allowed the university to fill 80 seats for 2012-13 subject to certain conditions, including that the university not admit even a single student in excess of the permitted intake.It directed the state higher education secretary to investigate the number of admissions made in the past in excess of the permitted intake, the circumstances under which such admissions were made and whether such admissions were made in order to enable a few individuals to make money.\"But unfortunately, Anna University does not appear to have taken care to comply with the conditions imposed. Nearly two months have elapsed from the date of the order, but the fate of the inquiry directed to be undertaken (by the higher education secretary) is not known,\" Justice Ramasubramanian said in his order.The petition included the Council of Architecture's allegations that Anna University had been filling up seats in excess of the permitted intake.The bench said it was shocked by the university, in its counter-affidavit, saying that of the 20 seats filled other than through single window counselling eight were given to a consortium of industries, two to candidates from other states, four to NRIs, one to a foreign national, three allotted under the founder's quota.\"I do not know which provision of the Constitution or any other law permits allotment of a seat to a foreign national. Conditions imposed in our earlier order permitting the university to fill up 80 seats appears to have been thrown to the winds and the concession shown to university has been totally abused prima facie,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16581190", "title": "Ghaziabad mosque elders bury defaced religious book", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police on Thursday returned the torn pages of the religious book found in Prem Nagar to the elders of the Chaand Masjid. However, unlike the Masuri case where police instructed the muezzin of the Rafiqabad mosque to keep the pages safe, the book in Prem Nagar have been buried by the mosque elders in the local graveyard.Though police remained tight-lipped over the issue, they admitted that the pages were returned to ensure no violence flares up. \"The pages were sealed and returned,\" said SS Yadav, SP (City). Yadav added what the mosque elders did after police handed them the pages was 'their business'.\"We wanted to bury the pages initially when they were found. But we had made the call to a number mentioned on it and police wanted to investigate the matter, so we handed it over to them. We don't want this matter to escalate and lead to a Masuri-type situation,\" said Saifuddin (name changed), one of the mosque elders in charge of daily operations.Meanwhile, the torn pages of the religious book in Masuri are in possession of the muezzin of the Rafiqabad mosque as police had asked them to keep it in the mosque safely in case they require it for further investigations.Police sources said that the Masuri experience has taught them a valuable lesson and they don't wish to keep the Prem Nagar pages. \"This is the fastest way to ensure peace. We can't bury the pages ourselves as they are evidence and keeping it in the police locker isn't safe. So the best alternative was to hand it over to elders at the mosque and let them decide what to do with it,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16583318", "title": "Hubli-Bijapur train begins its run", "text": "BIJAPUR: The long-awaited Hubli-Bijapur-Hubli passenger railway service began on Thursday afternoon.The train arrived at the Bijapur railway station from Hubli at 1.30 pm to a rousing welcome from waiting passengers. Members of the Bijapur Broad Gauge Committee and its president Vishwanath Bhavi performed puja to the train. Bhavi said the train would help connect Hampi express and Haripriya express.He further urged the railways to extend the services of Bangalore-New Delhi Samparka Kranti express to twice in week via Bijapur and also speed up the Golgumbaz express train so that it reaches Bangalore before 8 am everyday.Abhisheka performedMembers of Gadag Zillah Railway Horata Samiti on Thursday performed milk abhisheka to the first train between Hubli and Bijapur via Gadag when it arrived at Gadag railway station at 8am. They also distributed sweet and milk to people gathered at the station.According to sources, the new train will start from Hubli to Bijapur at 6.25am and reach at Bijapur at 1pm, via Gadag and Bagalkot, and leave from Bijapur at 1.30pm and reach Hubli at 8.20pm on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586342", "title": "'Da Thadiya' to wrap up shooting", "text": "Aashiq Abu's peppy flick Da Thadiya featuring DJ-turned-actor Sekhar Menon and Sreenath Bhasi in the lead will can its filming on Sunday. The film has already generated enough buzz online even though it has a cast of relative newcomers in the lead with cameos from Nivin Pauly and Ann Augustine.The Salt 'N Pepper director had posted in his social networking site: \"Had an amazing time working with our big boy Sekhar Menon. He is gonna entertain you big time along with our close buddy Sreenath. Nivin and Ann also got something for you. Dears, it was wonderful working with you people! I hope everyone enjoyed shooting Thadiya !\"The film is expected to hit theatres by mid November, after which Aashiq would re-team with his Daddy Cool lead actor Mammootty for the thriller Gangster .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16583671", "title": "Why office gossip is good for workers", "text": "LONDON: Gossiping in office brings employees closer and makes them more co-operative , a study has claimed.However, the study by Dutch researcher Lea Ellwardt has also warned that people who engage in excessive gossip have fewer friends in the workplace, suggesting that individuals should be careful not to be labelled 'the office gossip' .Ellwardt studied the role of gossip in cementing friendships between employees in a Dutch healthcare centre.\"I was especially interested in relationships of trust between employees and the quality of their social and formal relationships , particularly because you usually can't choose whom you work with,\" she was quoted by the Times as saying.Over a year, Ellwardt, of the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, questioned staff at the centre about the amount and content of their gossip, and their workplace friendships.She defined gossip as \"talking about someone who's not present at that moment. This can mean talking negatively about someone , but it can also mean talking about positive things\" .The study, published in the journal Social Networks, found that people who trusted one another were more likely to share negative gossip.\"Spreading negative gossip about someone does entail an element of risk,\" Ellwardt said.\"It's important that the gossip can trust the person receiving the information to handle the information discreetly and not to spread it further,\" she added.Employees were less selective about sharing positive gossip, presumably because it was seen as less sensitive. It was not the case that popular colleagues were positively gossiped about more often.Ellwardt found that employees who gossiped together often became friends over time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581443", "title": "BEST bus conductors learn to handle cardiac cases", "text": "MUMBAI: On the eve of World Health Day, which falls on Saturday, BEST bus conductors are being trained to handle on-road cardiac emergencies.On Thursday, a team of medical experts, led by Dr Rajeev Boudhankar and Dr Rajesh Jharia from Kohinoor Hospital, conducted a workshop at BEST's Colaba depot for conductors and other employees of the transport arm.This was the first time ever that a para-medical crash course was conducted for conductors on how to perform chest compressions and basic first aid if anyone suffers a stroke while travelling in the bus. \"As conductors are in contact with citizens the most, we targeted them. BEST buses ferry 45 lakh passengers daily, which is nearly half of Mumbai's population. It is the best way to reach out to a larger audience,\" said Dr Boudhankar.According to a recent study, 25 % of the country's cardiac-related deaths occur in south India, said Boudhankar. \"Nearly 23% of villagers in the state and the poorest of poor in UP and Bihar suffer from cardio-vascular diseases. This shows that even the lower economic sections are prone to heart ailments,\" he said, adding that in India, only 5% of GDP was spent on heartcare.BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil said the training module will be shown regularly on LCD screens in buses so that citizens can learn it. Dr Ashok Singhal, BEST's chief medical officer, said similar workshops will be conducted at all the depots.Mumbaikars using the public transport system such as BEST buses can now feel more safe as the conductors are being sensitized on how to deal with on-road cardiac emergencies.This is being done in view of the World Health Day which falls on Saturday. On Thursday afternoon, a team of medical experts led by Dr Rajeev Boudhankar and Dr Rajesh Jharia from Kohinoor hospital conducted an extensive workshop for bus conductors and other BEST staffers at the Colaba depot.For the first time ever, a para-medical crash course was conducted for conductors on how to perform CPR (chest compressions) and give basic first aid to those who suffer a stroke while travelling in the bus. \"We targeted BEST conductors as they are in touch with maximum citizens. Our buses ferry 45 lakh passengers daily __which is nearly half of Mumbai's population. It is the best way to reach out to a larger audience,'' said Dr Boudhankar.He stated that a recent study indicated that 25 % of cardiac related deaths in the country were from south India. \"Nearly 23 % of villagers in Maharashtra and the poorerst of poor in UP and Bihar suffer from cadio-vascular diseases, leading to deaths. This shows that even lower economic sections are prone to heart ailments,'' he stated, adding that in India, only 5 % of GDP was spent on heartcare.BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil said that the training module will be flashed regularly on LCD screens in buses so that citizens can learn how to save a patient in times of cardiac emergencies. Dr Ashok Singhal, chief medical officer of BEST, said that similar workshops will be conducted at all the 25 bus depots across Mumbai in next few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582088", "title": "MPT disallows berthing of three 'coal' ships", "text": "PANAJI: Mormugao port trust (MPT) has disallowed berthing of three coal-carrying ships since the Goa state pollution control board issued an order to stop handling ore at berth Nos 10 and 11.\"Since the GSPCB passed the order, we have not given permission to any ship for berthing at berth no 10 and 11\", MPT chairman P Mari Pandiyan said.He said three ships had called for berthing permission. In view of the order to stop handling of coal and coke at the two berths, the permission was rejected, the chairman said. The ships are at outer anchorage. One of them has gone to the court. He told TOI that MPT has not violated the order of GSPCB. \"Coal handling was at the storage yard and not at the berth No 10 and 11\", he said asserting that \"the order of GSPCB is being strictly complied with\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16581856", "title": "The real reason why Yash Chopra worked for 20 years with SRK", "text": "The real reason why Yash Chopra worked for 20 years with Shah Rukh Khan.Yash Chopra and Shah Rukh Khan have been making films together for the last 20 years. The filmmaker for the first time and just before his life's last directorial film confesses the real reason why he likes working with Shah Rukh.Chopra told SRK in a conversation organized on the veteran filmmaker's birthday said,\"Shah Rukh you are one actor who never asks me any question and you don't even hear the story nor do you discuss how much money you'll take. This quality of yours and the confidence you instill in me has always impressed me.\"Chopra recalls the first day of shoot of Veer Zaara. He told SRK,\"I was angry with you for not contacting me as my set was ready and there was no word from you. After I called, you just asked when and where to come for the shooting I told you it was the very next day. You cancelled your Main Hoon Naa shoot and came to shoot a song for me. But the best thing I remember you telling me that I make films from the heart and there other ways to make money.\"SRK-Yash Chopra's last film Jab Tak Hai Jaan is ready for release and SRK has not taken a single penny for this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "16583859", "title": "Five maternal deaths in two months jinxes welfare scheme in Punjab", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Five cases of maternal deaths, which have been reported in the past over two months in the district, has put a question mark on the implementation of various welfare schemes like Janani Suraksha Yojna (JSY), launched by Union government under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), to cut the mortality rate.The JSY was launched to check maternal mortality through encouraging institutional deliveries. Under the scheme, incentives were offered to beneficiaries and Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHA), who were roped in to ensure institutional deliveries in government hospitals.The JSY integrates antenatal care during pregnancy, institutional care during delivery and immediate post-partum care in a health centre by establishing a system of regular check-ups by field-level health workers. The work of early identification of complicated cases and ensuring regular check-ups for high risk patients is also a part of the scheme.The posts of gynecologist and paediatrician have also been lying vacant since long at the district civil hospital at Ferozepur.According to information, Gurmit Kaur of Bamba Landa village died after her delivery on August 27. Besides Sonia of Guru Har Sahai died on July 19, Neelam Rani of Guru Har Sahai on July 30, Veerpal Kaur of Ferozepur on July 30 and Harvinder Kaur of Mamdot on August 1. All these maternal deaths that occurred in various rural dispensaries reportedly happened due to unavailability of expertise and facilities.A doctor at the civil hospital in Ferozepur requesting anonymity said, \"Neither enough training nor time is spent on preparing a health worker to cover the targeted number of beneficiaries under different schemes. Their training is reduced to an exercise in meeting targets. As a result, the ground level health worker records health data of expectant mothers the same way as other targets are met --- by filling in the right numbers. The record data like blood pressure or haemoglobin levels, which make expectant mothers look healthy on paper.\"Taking cognizance of the instances of maternal mortality, Deputy Commissioner S Karuna Raju recently instructed the health authorities to take immediate action to check such cases. In a review meeting convened to discuss the issue, the deputy commissioner said the health authorities should ensure that women on the family way were treated only at recognized hospitals or by trained midwifes.While admitting that there have been five maternal deaths in the district, Dr J S Minhas, civil surgeon, Ferozepur said the concerned staff has been sensitized to counsel expectant women, especially in rural areas where maternal mortality rate is high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581634", "title": "7 women rescued from brothels", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch rescued two women and five minors from brothels in the city in the last two days. Three of them were from Bangladesh, three from West Bengal and one from Nepal.One of the Bangladeshi minor girls was brought to Pune just two days ago. The social security cell of the Pune crime branch, led by senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge, rescued her before she was forced into prostitution. The police team conducted three separate raids in Budhwar Peth, Shukrawar Peth and Hadapsar to rescue the victims.Barge told TOI that on Wednesday police constable Ajit Dhumal received a tip-off that three minor girls were forced into prostitution at a brothel in Shukrawar Peth. \"We raided the brothel and rescued the girls, two of them from Bangladesh and one from Nepal. One of the Bangladeshi girls was brought to Pune just two days ago,\" he said. Barge said the police arrested two women - Bina Tamang (55) and Maya Tamang (40), both of Shukrawar Peth, under sections of the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA). Barge said his team on Wednesday also rescued one woman and one minor from a brothel in Budhwar Peth.The Kolkata High Court had issued directions to the West Bengal police to search for the two. \"On September 22, the Kolkata police had approached us and gave us information about the victims,\" he said. Barge said his teams traced the woman and the girl and handed them over to their relatives. The WB police declared a reward of Rs 25,000 for the social security cell. tnnBarge added that on Thursday evening his team raided a house in Hadapsar and rescued two girls, one from Bangladesh and the other from West Bengal. The police arrested an agent under PITA. A case in this regard has been registered with the Hadapsar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16583287", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee will open Suvarna Soudha on October 11", "text": "BELGAUM: The much-awaited Suvarna Soudha will be inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee on October 11.District in-charge minister Umesh Katti, who inspected Suvarna Soudha here on Wednesday, discussed the preparations for the inaugural with deputy commissioner Anbu Kumar, superintendent of police Sandeep Patil and other officials. Nearly one lakh people from across the state are expected to take part in the inaugural function, he said and instructed the officials concerned to work on far footing to complete the pending works.From Belgaum city, all the MLAs, MLCs and MPs will be coming to Suvarna Soudha by five Volvo buses, Katti said.\"According to tentative timetable, the President will leave Delhi at 10am and reach Sambra airport by 12.30pm and reach circuit house at 12.45pm. Later, he will inaugurate Suvarna Soudha at 1.20pm. He will address a joint session at 3.50pm and leave Suvarna Soudha at 4.35pm. At 5.10pm, he will lay foundation stone for Vivekananda Memorial Hall at Swami Vivekananda Marg and at 5.45pm, he will arrive at Gandhi Bhavan and confer Jnanapeetha award to Chandrasehkar Kambar,\" Katti said.Besides the Assembly and Council halls, Suvarna Soudha has a central hall with a seating capacity of 450, where both the Houses can meet. It has a banquet hall, an auditorium with a seating capacity of 350, a conference hall with a capacity of 150 seats and 15 committee rooms. The total built up area is 60,000 sq mtr. On August 26, 2007, former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy held a session in Belgaum and later launched work for Suvarna Soudha at Vaccine Institute in the heart of the city, but due to opposition from environmentalists, the venue was shifted to Halga Bastwad village on Pune-Bangalore NH-4, which is 12km from Belgaum city.Later, former CM B S Yedyyurappa laid the foundation stone for Suvarna Soudha on January 22, 2009 and the work commenced from July 10, 2009. The Soudha was built in 124 acres of land at a cost of Rs 391 crore.No protest please... !Umesh Katti urged Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti members and leaders not to show black flag when the President comes to Belgaum. After becoming the president of India, this is for the first time he is visiting Belgaum. Katti also said that he would ask MES leaders to join the inaugural function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581359", "title": "Legislators have to pay penal interest for Versova flats", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 225 former and serving legislators will have to pay over Rs 85 crore as penal interest and delayed amount for failing to make the full payment of the flats allotted to them in Versova by Mhada in 2009.Compared to the market rate of over Rs 1 crore, the 600 sq ft and 900 sq ft flats were sold for Rs 42 lakh to Rs 53 lakh each.The decision was taken by CM Prithviraj Chavan at a meeting last week with Harshvardhan Patil, promoter of Rajyog, a housing society of legislators, and attended by senior housing and Mhada officials.It was further decided to transfer the Mhada land, on which the residential buildings stood, through a lease agreement in the name of Rajyog society at the earliest. Not only this, now the society, and not Mhada, will have the right to allot the flats to legislators.Housing activists are surprised at the haste in taking the decision as Mhada not only charges a huge premium but also takes years to lease land to any housing society.Nearly two years ago, the society had requested the government to forgo the penal interest on the delayed payment. More than half the legislators have not paid the entire cost since the flats were allotted in August 2009. Though the grace period ended in January 2010, the society is yet to pay the balance as well as the penalty.Patil said, \"The government has decided to give flats to the society as per 13 (2) of Mhada Act. We have not been given any special favour. The society will now make the payment with interest. Till we clear the dues, the transferred land will be termed as deemed conveyance. The amount each legislator has to pay varies as many have already paid but I believe it would be less than Rs 60 lakh.\"Incidentally, in September 2011, Mhada had asked the government to cancel the allottments to the legislators so that it could sell the flats through lottery. This suggestion as made as majority of these legislators had failed to adhere to Mhada's basic rule that the allottee should not have bought a flat outright or in any of the Amdar Nivas in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16585223", "title": "US military chief cancels Pakistan visit over anti-US protests", "text": "WASHINGTON: Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff General Martin Dempsey has canceled his trip to Islamabad, where he was to hold a private meeting with Pakistani counterpart General Ashfaq Pervez Kayani, due to continued wave of anti-US protests, the top US commander said.\"I originally planned to go to Pakistan to meet with General Kayani, and because of some of the issues related to that film, he and I discussed postponing that visit, mostly so that I would give him the time to deal with the issues he was dealing with internally,\" Dempsey told reporters.As a result of which, he did not go to Islamabad and instead spent time in Afghanistan, he said in response to a question.\"With the available time, I decided to extend my trip in Afghanistan,\" he said.Dempsey said, he wanted his Islamabad trip to be a very private visit with General Kayani, the Pakistani Army chief.\"I only changed the trip right at the end,\" he said. \"My purpose in going to visit General Kayani was to get his insights and his intentions in that regard,\" Dempsey said in response to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16581053", "title": "Post-poll, tussle between Cong, BJP to continue at VNSGU", "text": "SURAT: The tussle between Congress and BJP witnessed in the senate and syndicate polls of Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) is likely to go further.After his defeat in the syndicate election on Wednesday, Paresh Patel who was being supported by the BJP is now being accused of having misused his position as the president of Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI). The allegations have been leveled by Hoshang Mirza whom Patel had defeated by a single vote in the senate polls held on August 12.Mirza has also charged that the funds granted to SGby Union ministry of commerce have been diverted to a trust. \"It is a clear case of financial irregularity and needs to be investigated. I am going to make a representation to the ministry of commerce to initiate an inquiry in the issue,\" said Mirza.Patel was not available for his comments on the issue.Meanwhile, those involved in VNSGU politics are attributing Patel's loss in the syndicate polls to his being overconfident and not communicating with the voters. \"No one in the colleges or university knew Patel personally. Further he did not take care to meet all the voters,\" said a senior faculty member. This was for the first time that a SGCCI office bearer contested the syndicate election with the support of the BJP.Members of the SGCCI feel that the office bearers of their apolitical body should refrain from contesting such polls.Sources said that attempts are being made by a group of BJP workers to bring Patel in VNSGU syndicate as a government nominee. State government can nominate four syndicate members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16582741", "title": "Blood donation on Bhagat Singh's 105th birth anniversary", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students and staff of Baba Kundan College of Education and Pharmacy, Jamalpur, paid a tribute to Shaheed Bhagat Singh on his 105th birth anniversary by donating blood on Thursday. Zindagi Live Foundation, an NGO working for thalassemic children, organized the camp at the college. A team of doctors from Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) collected 40 units of blood. College principal Amit Gautam encouraged students to follow the footsteps of the martyr. \"It feels great to donate blood for the children suffering from thalassemia and I will participate in such noble cause in future too,\" said Jasleen Kaur, a student, after donating blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "16583495", "title": "Maoist hawks 'ban' Indian vehicles, movies in Nepal", "text": "MOTIHARI: The newly-formed Communist Party of Nepal-Maoist, led by Mohan Vaidya, has launched a movement against the plying of vehicles bearing Indian registration number, screening of Hindi movies and broadcast of Hindi filmi songs by FM radios, in Nepal from Wednesday.Although the entry of Indian vehicles is not prohibited at Birganj (Nepal) customs checkpost near Raxaul, the drivers of Indian vehicles are not ready to take risk to enter Nepal due to the ongoing movement. Hundreds of trucks laden with essential items and other goods, cars and other vehicles are stranded at Raxaul in East Champaran district on Indo-Nepal border, the main entry point of Nepal from where 70% goods enter the Himalayan kingdom.Superintendent of police of Parsa district, Nepal, Pitamber Adhikari told TOI that security has been beefed up on roads due to the movement and the vehicles bearing Indian registration number were being provided Nepali numbers at Birganj to help them move further. Raxaul DSP Jitendra Pandey said the police on border are keeping an eye on the situation. They are in touch with higher officials of Nepal in this regard.According to reports received from Nepal government sources, this movement has affected only 10 bordering districts of Nepal. Narayan Sharma, a leader of central NCP (M), Vaidya faction alleged that Nepal was facing political crisis due to undue interference of India and hence they have taken this step. The cinema halls did not screen Hindi films, FM radios stopped playing Hindi songs and local cable companies stopped telecasting Hindi channels from Wednesday evening in Chitwan, Dhargid, Makwanpur and other districts, he added.Sushil Kumar Shukla, a veteran leader of Madheshia movement and former MP, said, \"The movement of Nepali and Indian vehicles across the border is a natural phenomenon and this ban can have serious ramifications.\" Jitendra Sonall, general secretary, Tarai Madhesh Democratic Party of Nepal, said, \"This decision can have an adverse impact on Nepal's relations with India. Several leaders of Nepali Congress Party, Sadbhawna Party and Madhesh Sangharsh Morcha have condemned the NCP (M) Vaidya faction's decision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582727", "title": "Joint families, the most worried lot", "text": "JAIPUR: The decision to raise the cap on subsidised cooking gas cylinders from six to nine is likely to be notified by the state government on Friday.The national family health survey 2005-06 indicated that in Rajasthan, 57% of families are joint families, which leave them worst affected with the Union government decision. They are now worried about the increase in the budget with no possibility of getting extra connection. \"We are a 15-member joint family. I have been living with my three sons and their wives and children. So far, I have not faced any major problem but it seems that soon it is going to end. The expenditure on the cylinders would be unbearable for us,\" said Shyam Arora, a shop owner and resident of Tilak Nagar.His views were echoed by Sudhir Sharma, a retired government employee who have nine members in his family. \"The consumption lingers around 15-18 cylinders per year in our home. So far I have three connections, two at my name and one in my wife's. But extra connections at same address with same name will be cancelled. That means that we will have to purchase other nine cylinders at Rs 800.\"The state government, however, has not calculated the cost incurred for giving the extra subsidy. \"The process of calculating the number of households and usage is going on. Soon we will be able get a clear picture on how many cylinders the state government will have bear the cost,\" said senior official of finance department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582355", "title": "Purulia to get 1,000MW power facility", "text": "KOLKATA: The state power secretary on Thursday said West Bengal will see an investment of Rs 3,700 crore in the power sector over the next five to six years. This includes an investment of Rs 2,500 crore for the second pumped storage in Purulia.Speaking on the sidelines of the Energy Conclave organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry, Malay De said: \"With a capacity of 1,000MW, this will be the second pumped storage station in Purulia. A project report is being prepared.\" He spoke to reporters on the sidelines of the Energy Conclave organized by Confederation of Indian industry.State-run power utility West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd ( WBSEDCL) has already got land for this project. De said such a project will require 100-150 acres. \"In case more land is needed, we will take it from the state government. No private land will be required for this,\" he said.If everything goes according to the schedule, construction work will start by 2014 and the project is expected to be commissioned by 2019. Once complete, this will be the largest pumped storage station in the state.If everything goes according to the schedule, construction work for the 1,000 MW pumped storage will start by 2014 and the project is expected to be commissioned by 2019", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583542", "title": "Greenpeace installs solar pump set", "text": "PATNA: Access to energy for irrigation and other agricultural activities is an important issue for the rural Bihar. Looking at poor irrigation facilities due to non-availability of power and availability of abundant sunshine in the state, Greenpeace on Thursday installed and demonstrated a low-cost solar pumping system at Khalsa village in Bidupur block, barely 8km away from Hajipur, in Vaishali district. These low-cost solar pumping systems have a huge potential to increase agricultural productivity in the state.This is the third village in Bihar where Greenpeace has installed a solar pumping system. The other two villages are Kalyanbigha in Nalanda district, where such a system was installed in April 2012, and Basaha village in Purnia district (September 24). \"The system at Kalyanbigha is working successfully,\" said an official. The low-cost solar pumping system will reduce dependency on power supply, said a spokesman of the Greenpeace India.The system is lightweight and can be manually installed in any open well or borewell. It delivers 1,500-2,000 litres of water per hour for 6-8 hours on a sunny day. For better water management and maximum output, it is recommended that drip irrigation method should be used. The model fits well with Bihar State Micro-Irrigation Project (BSMIP) objective to encourage drip and sprinkler irrigation systems.It was stated on the occasion that the pumping system runs on power produced by solar panels, without the need of batteries, and costs less than a lakh of rupees. Without any operational cost, it provides a cost-effective alternative to irrigation pump sets which run on grid electricity and diesel.Manish Ram, campaigner, Greenpeace India, said the demonstration of the solar irrigation pump set at Khalsa village would prove to be a milestone in irrigation for small and middle-level farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581600", "title": "BJP gram panchayat member brutally murdered", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP rural youth wing leader and Bahadura gram panchayat member Akash Panchbhai (35) was stabbed to death at Telephone Nagar chowk, on the outskirts of the city, early on Thursday morning.Panchbhai had many criminal cases, including murder, against him. He was close to BJP MLA Chandrashekar Bawankule. His murder triggered tension in Dighori and nearby areas, with shops remaining shut for most of the day.Hudkeshwar cops Panchbhai was killed by Sanjay Avtare, also a history sheeter. Avtare had also been suspect in the murder of bookie and police informer Subhash Sahu, alias Pepsi. A property dispute could have been the trigger for the murder, as Panchbhai was a property dealer too.Panchbhai and Avtare were partners in a gambling den, but had fallen out over sharing of profits. Avtare then set up another gambling den while Panchbhai took to politics and social work. Police had raided Avtare's dens a couple of times and he suspected Panchbhai was behind it.On September 23, Avtare and his accomplices tried to stab Panchbhai at a birthday party, but he was rescued by younger brother Ajay. On Monday morning, Panchbhai had stopped near a pan-kiosk to buy tobacco when he was attacked. Father of two daughters, Panchbhai had dropped his elder daughter Trupti (12) at tuition and was going to the Sai temple on Wardha Road.Six people, two of them with faces masked, had come on two bikes and were waiting for their target to arrive. Police said one assailant, Jagpal Yadav, had dropped his phone during the attack. Cops also recovered two sharp weapons from the crime scene. One more suspect has been identified as Pappu Shahu.Security has been deployed near Avtare's house at Bhilgaon fearing a backlash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16581459", "title": "Cops recover 1crore, probe to ascertain source going on", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police late on Wednesday recovered unaccounted cash worth Rs 1 crore from two persons, which they were carrying in a four-wheeler at Itaunja during routine checking. Since the two persons could not divulge the details of the amount through relevant documents, police brought the duo and the vehicle to Itaunja police station.The two persons were identified as Vijay Kumar Gupta and Arvind Kumar, both residents of Ambedkarnagar district and the driver was identified as Vitthal, also a resident of Ambedkarnagar district.The Itaunja police on Wednesday night at around 11.00 p.m. was on a routine checking at Maanpur Toll barrier on Lucknow-Sitapur border, when the cops spotted a four-wheeler coming from Sitapur and asked the vehicle to stop. The police team on thorough checking found cash stashed in bag. On interrogation, the two told the police that they along with the driver were employees of Praveen Aroma Private Limited factory, Sambhal.They had started from Sambhal on Wednesday at around 4.00 p.m. and were going to Ambedkarnagar to purchase peppermint oil from Ambedkarnagar. The money was kept for the same purpose, they told the police. However, they could not produce any document against the money and the police brought them to the police station, circle officer Ajay Pratap Singh told TOI. The police then informed Income Tax department.\"Officials of Income Tax Department led by its deputy director Punit Kumar are investigating the money source,\" the circle officer said and added that the counting of the money has still not been done, as management of factory, in which the three are employed, have informed the police and I-T team that they are coming with relevant papers to prove the authenticity of the amount. However, no one from Sambhal had reached Lucknow till the filing of the news.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581515", "title": "Sandeep Patil appointed chief selector, Mohinder Amarnath sacked", "text": "MUMBAI: Former India all-rounder Mohinder Amarnath, famous for having labelled the national selectors a 'bunch of jokers' during his playing days, has been unceremoniously sacked from the national selection committee.Amarnath's last selection meeting in Mumbai had resulted in a battle of words with the rest of the selectors over retaining MS Dhoni as the captain of the Indian Test team. He seems to have paid the price for that brief but well-reported squabble. Replacing Amarnath in the North Zone as national selector is former India wicketkeeper-batsman Vikram Rathore.Former India batsman Sandeep Patil has replaced Krishnamachari Srikkanth as chairman of the senior national selection committee from West Zone. The rest of the committee includes Saba Karim (East), Rajinder Singh Hans (Central) and Roger Binny (South). This was announced by the BCCI after the conclusion of its 83rd Annual General Meeting in Mumbai, on Thursday. Patil, who was heading the National Cricket Academy (NCA), in Bangalore, as coaching director, happens to be the surprise pick among the lot.There had been wide speculation in the run-up to the AGM that Amarnath, who had only finished one-year as national selector, would be retained and promoted as chief selector. However, the BCCI seemed to have other plans with Patil walking in and Amarnath being dumped entirely.It may not be just a coincidence that Dhoni plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL) for BCCI president N Srinivasan's team Chennai Super Kings. Amarnath losing out on the job means he also has to lose out on the handsomely revised pay-hike for national selectors - from Rs 40 lakh to Rs 60 lakh.\"The selection committee is picked by the Board. There is a process of consultation based on which the decision is taken. And it's not that this process started only today morning,\" Srinivasan said after the announcement. \"It was going on for quite some time because we were aware that a new set of selectors have to be chosen. There has been extensive discussion among Board members for some time.\"East Zone's Saba Karim seems to have succeeded in thwarting the challenge from Bengal's Devang Gandhi and Orissa's Debashis Mohanty. While Binny's inclusion from South was decided upon last year, Hans had competition from Sunil Chaturvedi in the Central Zone. However, it is Patil's appointment as chief selector, at the cost of former bowler and junior selection committee chairman Abey Kuruvilla, which raises eyebrows. Kuruvilla was widely speculated to join as senior national selector after finishing his stint as chairman of the junior selection committee and India eventually winning the Under-19 World Cup.\"It was the opinion of the board that the previous selection committee did a very good job overall in their four-year period, which saw India winning the World Cup. We wanted a person of sufficient stature to be the new chairman. And I think Sandeep Patil fits the bill. No one can question his credentials,\" Srinivasan said.There is a new junior selection committee in place too, with Chandrakant Pandit from the West Zone as chairman. Joining Pandit to form the rest of the team are Aman Kumar (North), Jayaram (South), Arup Bhattacharya (East) and Pritam Gandhe (retained from Central zone).Pandit, who is coaching director at Rajasthan Cricket Association (RCA) will have to quit the job to take charge as selector. Junior selectors too have received a pay hike and will now earn Rs 40 lakh per year. The Women's Selection Committee will be chaired by Gargi Bannerji (East Zone) with Gulshan Sharma (North), Sudha Shah (South), Amrita Shinde (West) and Rita Dey (Central) being the other members.Kumble is technical committee chairmanFormer leggie and Karnataka State Cricket Association president Anil Kumble has replaced his one-time teammate and captain Sourav Ganguly as chairman of BCCI's technical committee.Ganguly took charge of the committee last year and has since been involved in multiple tasks that included playing the game, doing commentary and handling the BCCI job. The board has now given Kumble the responsibility and he will be at the helm of the committee for one year, until it comes up for renewal.OTHER DECISIONS...* Chandrakant Pandit, appointed as chairman of the junior selection committee, will have to quit as coaching director of Rajasthan Cricket Association.* The committee set up to probe the IPL mess surrounding Lalit Modi will have to continue till the end of the inquiry.* BCCI chief administrative officer Ratnakar Shetty's term has been renewed for another year.* Former selector Ranjib Biswal is the new chairman of the National Cricket Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16582095", "title": "Gutka pouches worth 48 lakh seized", "text": "RAJKOT: In the biggest seizure since the ban on gutka came into force, police on Thursday seized close to 10 lakh pouches of gutka worth Rs 48 lakh in the city.Acting on a tip-off, the Detection of Crime Branch (DCB) sleuths carried out the raid in a godown in Ruda Transportnagar on Kuvadava Road on city outskirts and seized the stock. The godown is owned by Lalji Mulji Transport Ltd.A comprehensive ban on sale, stocking, production and distribution of gutka in the state came into effect from September 11. The ban has already been notified by the Gujarat Food and Drug Control Administration.\"We have detained an employee of the transport company Pratap Bhanushali and are investigating the case,'' police inspector, DCB, V B Jadeja said. 'We have sealed the godown and asked the officials of food and drugs department to take samples of the gutka. After questioning Bhanushali, we will know from where such large number of pouches came and where they intended to sell them,'' Jadeja said.\"As of now, we will book the accused for disobeying the ban,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16583920", "title": "Commercial taxes dept raid on Jai Durga co", "text": "INDORE: Sleuths of commercial taxes department conducted raids on premises of Jai Trading in Indore and got deposited a sum of Rs 3,18,000 from the company.The partners of the company are Navneet Sethi (New Delhi) and Tejinder Singh (Merath). The raid was conducted on direction of commercial taxes commissioner, Amit Rathore, and a team of the department led by US Bhadoria. Bhadoria said, \"Though the company had registered its firm at Indore, there was no activities for quite some time. When we investigated, we found that it was involved in importing cellphones from China and Hong Kong and was selling them in other parts of the country.\"A total of 8,200 cellphones worth Rs 60 lakh were seized. For the past two months, the company has imported cellphones worth Rs 11.50 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16582434", "title": "Retail farming: The ground truth from Bengal", "text": "BARASAT: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee wants to go to the \"people\" to decide the multi-retail FDI issue. She only has to travel 45km, to Amdanga in Barasat, to see the other side of the retail story \u2014 where farmers have disposable incomes, and can afford luxuries like an LCD TV, a motorbike or marble flooring.Domestic multi-retail trade that touched base in Bengal about two and a half years ago has changed the lives of farmers who embraced the new model of farm-marketing, cutting out middlemen and selling their produce directly to retail giants like Metro Cash &amp; Carry, Big Bazar, Reliance and Keventer. On the other hand, if you drive down to Nagar Ukhra in Nadia, you would see piles of pumpkins rotting by the roadside.The same crop that often goes for peanuts in distress sale in other parts of the state fetches big bucks for the Amdanga farmers who supply to the organized retail industry. It is a truth that the chief minister cannot ignore.While the picture in the traditional mundi/haats of Bengal has not changed in half a century \u2014 there is still the chaos, the cut-throat bargaining to cut farmers' profits, and extortion \u2014 the six multi-retail collection centres in Amdanga are all about cellophane packaging, laptops, palmtops and the orderliness that is a feature of any business chain.When TOI went to meet Subhas Ghosh, a farmer in Bodai, about 7km from Barasat town, he was relaxing with his grandkids in front of a Samsung LCD TV. He seemed content. There was no worry of the next morning \u2014 no chasing after vans to carry his produce, no hectic phone calls to know the retail price in Kolkata. He could sit back and watch a Bengali soap.As he took off his earphones and flashed a smile, the oft-exploited image of the impoverished, battered Bengal farmer seemed to crumble.\"Vegetable farming isn't a losing game. In two years I have bought an LCD, renovated my house and bought a computer. I did all this by selling kundri, sheem and beans,\" laughed Ghosh, proudly pointing at the marble tiles under his feet. It's significant to note that he had at least Rs 1 lakh in disposable income to indulge in his little luxuries \u2014 something unthinkable for the average Bengal farmer who cannot even afford decent fertilizer.In Amdanga, there are plenty of examples where a middle-level farmer with guidance from corporate houses has made it big through organised retail. Ghosh led TOI to the collection centre \u2014 a two-storied house next to the agricultural fields. The ground floor has been taken on rent by 'aggregator' Asiful Hossain, who supplies the fresh produce to Metro Cash &amp; Carry, Big Bazar and Keventer.Rather than the cacophony of a mundi, the godown is a picture of system and order. An electronic weighing machine sits to one side. Vegetables are kept in colourful crates. Asiful, a commerce graduate from Barasat College, records everything on Excel sheets on his laptop. The handlers are careful with every piece of vegetable as they haul the crates into a mini-truck or wrap them in transparent plastic. Disfigured or damaged vegetables won't make it to the shelves.Ghosh and his ilk don't have to wait for the money. \"The rate is fixed in advance \u2014 Rs 13 for each kilo of ladies finger. It is always above the local mundi rates. Only, the produce has to meet the quality parameters,\" Ghosh said.Compare this with the hurly burly in the nearby Kamdevpur Haat, where farmers in rickshaw vans are kept waiting for hours with their produce dumped on the ground. Everyone seems to get a different price. The first lot of ladies fingers sold for Rs 12 a kg on Thursday. The next ones fetched hardly Rs 8 or Rs 9 a kilo. The touts call the shots here. Farmers are at their mercy.Tomato grower Samar Senapati is glad that he is no longer part of this chaos. He does not know the difference between Keventer \u2014 who he sells to \u2014 and Walmart. All he knows is that he has made enough money in the last two years to buy a motorbike. \"I have heard about FMDI (read FDI) but I do not know how it operates. Left to myself I would always prefer this advanced system that has helped me go a long way when many of my fellow farmers have given up and sold off their land to builders,\" Senapati said.He wants more \"bideshi companies\" to come in. \"If there were more such chains, I could sell my entire produce,\" Senapati said.Mahiuddin Mondal and Bablu Gazi of Bagda in North 24-Parganas agree. \"Middlemen dominate the traditional marketing routes. Our produce goes through at least four to five hands before it reaches Kolkata. We have no control over the price. We are left at the mercy of the touts, who work in cartels and manipulate the price on a daily basis. For instance, the mundi rate for 50 kg potato is around Rs 600, while the rate at Metro Cash &amp; Carry is Rs 625,\" Gazi said. Mondal pointed out another bonus: \"We also get advice on the right use of fertiliser and pesticides from companies like Bayer. This has reduced our cost of production.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16581831", "title": "Tourism information kiosks defunct", "text": "RANCHI: Not a single kiosk, out of the ones set up by the state tourism department at railway station, Nepal House, mini secretariat and the office of tourism department, is functioning. Even 'World Tourism Day' on Thursday saw a complete negligence for the tourism kiosks.Although there is an information kiosk installed just outside the Jharkhand tourism stall at the railway station, it never serves any purpose. \"I was passing by when I spotted the kiosk but found it non functional. So, I went to check at the office but instead learnt it remains empty and no one is there to attend to our queries,\" said a passer-by.The mini secretariat and Nepal House too are facing the same problem. Dust laden and with broken glass shield, the kiosks have now become happy homes for spiders to spin their web. There was not a single concerned official from the different departments who were frequently passing by the kiosk. \"I have been posted here for the last two years. Since then I found the kiosk not working. I tried to use it once,\" said an employee of the labour department.Hotel Ashoka, joint venture of India Tourism Development Corporation Ltd doesn't have any such system for providing information. \"Madhya Pradesh is the state where such kiosks set up for tourist information is working properly. But we don't have such a system here in our state. If the government provides such a facility free of cost then we are ready to install it at our hotel. If our guests want any information we have our websites and reception to cater to them,\" said manager (Operations) of Hotel Ashoka, Vijender Singh.The most unfortunate part is the kiosks are not even working inside the tourism department. Admitting the reality, joint director of state tourism department, Ashrit Bakhle said, \"The kiosks need repair and maintenance. The department has taken note of the condition. We have issued a tender notice and another for outsourcing. But it's a process which will take some time.\"On being asked about the absence of officials at the railway station stall, Bakhle shared they had a shortage of manpower. \"We have a strength of 138 of which only 26 are working with us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582176", "title": "Row over US film stalls Kolkata in its tracks", "text": "KOLKATA: Traffic didn't move in central Kolkata for four hours on Thursday leaving citizens fuming as thousands marched to the American Center to record their dissent to a 14-minute video trailer of a US-made film that has triggered worldwide protests.Kolkatans paid the price of the protest as traffic came to a complete standstill in the city's main arterial roads from 12 noon to 4.30pm. The cascading effect was felt in a 20km radius from the Metro channel. Hundreds of commuters were seen walking down the streets.The protestors were demanding a ban on the controversial film - Innocence of Muslims - reportedly made by a US filmmaker. They said that the film has insulted Prophet Mohammad and demanded an apology from the US officials in the American Center in Kolkata and a ban on the film.A crowd of about 25,000 people marched into the heart of the city. Though the original venue was the Y Road at Curzon Park, the crowd started spilling over in all directions. The gathering shifted to the Metro Channel around noon. At 3pm, the crowd started marching towards the American Centre.Police had put up barricades at four places but they were over-run. The 1,500-strong police team was outnumbered and out-manoeuvred. Some policemen were injured trying to control the crowd. Many of the protesters ran on Park Street flyover to avoid the barricades and get near the American Centre.Within minutes the protesters were at the gates of the American Centre, which is a high-security zone. Police did their best to block the protesters without using force.\"What can we do if such a volatile crowd is allowed to protest in the heart of the city? We are careful not to take tough measures,\" said a police officer deployed there.Though many senior officers, including additional commissioner (III) Debasis Roy, were already on the spot, it took joint CP (headquarters) Jawed Shamim's persuasive skills to get the crowd to disperse after a 20-minute standoff. Five representatives of the agitators were allowed inside the American Center to submit their memorandum.The protesters had come from the fringes and the districts, mostly Howrah, Hooghly, North and South 24-Parganas. They started trooping in as early as 9am. Some came on trucks, others walked from Sealdah and Howrah stations.Traffic disruption started as early as 9am. Two hours later, traffic was closed on S N Banerjee Road. Small vehicles heading south were diverted through Madan Street, while north bound vehicles were diverted through Queen's Way.J L Nehru Road from K C Das to Theatre Road, including Park Street flyover, was shut to traffic from around 11am till 4.30pm. Traffic movement in all these stretches resumed after 4.30pm when protesters had dispersed.At Central Avenue, where traffic is already slow due to beatification work, vehicles were stranded for hours. Traffic was choc-a-block at Ganesh Chandra Avenue, Bidhan Sarani, Bentick Street, B B Ganguly Street, APC Road, AJC Bose Road for over four hours.On E M Bypass, traffic crawled from Ultadanga to Park Circus connector in the south bound flank and in the north bound flank from Ruby to Science City.Two more gatherings - one at Mayo Road by the Left Front and another at Rani Rashmani Avenue - by a tribal organization added to the traffic nightmare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582157", "title": "Justice for 'rural' Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The state government will set up two gram nyayalayas (mobile courts) soon in Valpoi and Sanguem.The pilot project aims at bringing justice to the common man's doorstep and expediting the disposal of pending cases.The Gram Nyayalayas Act 2008, which envisages the setting up of rural courts in India, could not be implemented for a while now. It was mainly due to some states being reluctant over the financial implications.But now, the Centre has proposed to issue a notification on Gandhi Jayanti seeking to establish 5,000 courts at the panchayat level.An order endorsed by N P Singnapurker, under secretary (law establishment), notifying the rules under Sections (1) and (2) of Section 40 of the Gram Nyayalayas Act 2008 (Central Act 4 of 2009), to pursue the deliverance of justice in rural areas, was notified on Thursday.\"The mobile courts will function on the lines of fast track courts due to huge pendency of cases, and will have the powers of a district court,\" a source told TOI.The process of appointing judges will be looked after by the Bombay high court at Goa. \"A few posts have to be created while judges can even be deputed for these two courts by the high court,\" the source added.\"Every gram nyayalaya shall be provided with such category of officers and employees as are admissible to a court of judicial magistrate of first class in this state. Each shall have civil judge, junior division and JMFC,\" the order states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582103", "title": "Scrap toll and parking fees: Tamankar", "text": "PANAJI: All Goa private bus owners association president Sudip Tamankar has demanded that the government scrap toll and parking fees at bus stands in the state.Tamankar said with the rise in inflation , the government should stop collecting toll and parking fees to provide some relief to the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16583732", "title": "Muggles disappoint Rowling", "text": "KOCHI: Blame it on Flipkart or the dull afternoon chosen for the Indian release, JK Rowling's new book 'The Casual Vacancy' failed to trigger a wave of enthusiasm in the state. While some loyal JK fans were seen at major book shops, long queues which made each of the Harry Potter release memorable were conspicuously absent.\"You can check the price difference. While we sell the copy at Rs 850, it is available in Flipkart for Rs 570. So, the small crowd at the shop does not mean that the JK magic has faded,\" said a manager of one of the book shops in Thiruvananthapuram.Young adults such as Annapoorna Menon of Kochi, who had read the Philosopher's Stone as a young girl, were smart enough to embrace the e-route and save some quick bucks. Annapoorna, who convinced her parents to purchase the book through Flipkart, said it gave her a huge rupee advantage.N E Sudheer, Kerala head of Prism Books which is distributing the Rowling book in the state, said the crowds were missing as the book was released at 2.30 pm. \"It is a working day and people are normally at office and colleges in the afternoon. Most of the Harry Potter releases took place in the mornings,\" said Sudheer.Prism Books got an order of 4,500 books on the first day itself from DC, TBS, Modern Book Centre, Green Books, Cosmo Books, H &C; and TimeOut. Through these distributors , 'The Casual Vacancy' was made available in all parts of the state on the launch day itself. The figure is not so bad when compared with the fact that Malayalam books are normally printed 1,000 copies in one edition. Sudheer said pre-release bookings, which were dull in the initial days, caught up in the last two days. \"The veil of secrecy around the book was one factor . In last two days, reviews began to come up in the media and the demand grew,\" he said.In fact, one thing that bonded Harry Potter series with 'The Causal Vacancy' was the denial marketing strategy employed by the author. Security guards took the control of Prism Books office in Kochi on Wednesday evening itself and ensured that nothing was leaked out. Cartons of books were transported to different parts of the state in the morning accompanied by armed guards. The embargo clause was applicable to each and every party to the business till 2.30 pm on Thursday.But, there were devoted JK fans like Aneesh, who TOI met at Modern Book Centre moments after the release. \"It might not be in the league of Harry Potter. But the beauty of her writing will be reflected in this book. Even if she writes on how to bend a needle, it will be different,\" Aneesh said after grabbing a copy from the first lot of books placed for sale. In Kochi, at Current Books at Convent Junction, the distributors delivered 20 copies, of which six were bought within minutes. \"I did not even get the chance to put them on display. There was a group of youngsters waiting outside, and they came in right when we opened the pack. And all paid in cash,\" says Madhu, manager of Current Books. Another 30 copies would be arriving in the store in the coming days. At Reliance TimeOut at Oberon Mall, the pre-booking with 30% discount on the cover price of Rs 850 was an added attraction. \"We received many calls from boys and girls, and they know it is adult fiction. All those who have been reading Harry Potter from childhood and are in their adolescence seemed to be waiting for the book to come out,\" said Sunil Joy, manager of TimeOut which had 200 copies of the book for sale.According to Tomy Antony, the sales manager at DC Books, which had ordered the maximum number of copies, there were only sufficient numbers to distribute for those who have booked in advance all over Kerala . \"We have to deliver over 1,000 copies to readers who have booked in advance,\" he said.In Kozhikode, the book attracted considerable number of readers on the first day. \"The book had hit the shelf at around 3 pm and 30 copies were sold today itself. There was advanced booking for 20 copies in the last two weeks,\" said Rajeevan M, floor manager, TBS Books and Poorna Publications, Kozhikode.According to Sudheer, the book can't be judged by the response on the first day. \"If Rowling can rope in 50% of readers of the first Harry Potter book, this book will be an overwhelming success,\" he says. What the critics saidIAN PARKER | The New YorkerThe Casual Vacancy will certainly sell, and it may also be liked. The book's political philosophy is generous; even if its analysis of class antagonisms is perhaps no more elaborate than that of Caddyshack. And, as the novel turns darker, toward a kind of Thomas Hardy finale, it hurtles along impressivelyCHRISTOPHER BROOKMYRE | TelegraphIt quickly becomes clear that this is not the book we might have been expecting. One marvels at the skill with which Rowling weaves vivid characters, rendering them so complex and viscerally believable that one finds oneself caring for the worst of themTHEO TAIT | The GuardianJK Rowling's new book is no masterpiece, but it's not bad at all: intelligent, workmanlike, and often funny. I could imagine it doing well without any association to the Rowling brand, perhaps creeping into the Richard and Judy Book Club, or being made into a three-part TV serialDEEPTI HAJELA | Associated PressSo look, here's the thing: This. Is. Not. A. Children's . Book. If you're looking for what made Harry Potter magical - Wizards! Spells! Flying Broomsticks! -- you're not going to find it. If you're looking for what makes J K Rowling magical - emotion, heart - you will...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surajkund", "code": "16582642", "title": "We are against FDI in retail, not anti-reforms, BJP says", "text": "SURAJKUND: The BJP on Thursday sought to balance its criticism of FDI in retail with the assertion that it was not anti-reforms. With the reform move impacting its core vote bank of small traders, the issue continued to dominate the second day of the BJP meet here, as party chief Nitin Gadkari vowed to stall FDI in multi-brand retail from being implemented in the country.However, BJP also made it a point to say that it was not opposing the decision to allow global supermarket chains because of a blanket opposition to economic reforms. Articulating the nuanced stand, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"All change is not reform, changes that go against national interest can turn into counter reform.\"Speaking at the opening of the national council of the party, Gadkari also indicated that the winter session of Parliament may be affected if the government does not heed its demand for a roll back of the decision to bring in FDI in retail. \"We will not allow FDI in retail to come into the country and there will be no compromise on this issue till the government rolls back the decision ... we will talk to all the parties ... in Parliament,\" Gadkari said.\"The policy on FDI in multi-brand retail has been announced in utter disregard of the assurances given in Parliament by the then finance minister on December 7, 2011, that stakeholders including political parties and state governments will be taken into confidence to evolve a consensus on the issue. Even the standing committee on commerce opposed FDI in retail. During NDA tenure, Congress had openly opposed it in Parliament. The country has a right to know the reasons for this sudden change of heart by the Congress,\" Gadkari said.The party's economic resolution passed here dealt with the issue in further detail with Jaitley elaborating on the reasons for which BJP was opposed to FDI in retail but certainly not on other reform moves. \"BJP is committed to economic reforms which are in national interest. Every change in not a reform. What goes against the grain of the country is counter reform. Some changes may end up hurting national economic interests,\" Jaitley said.Listing the reasons, he added, \"Manufacturing sector jobs will be lost in India. Domestic retail primarily sources locally. International structured retail sources internationally leading to a drop in domestic manufacturing This is all the more significant since India has not carried out significant manufacturing sector reforms.\"He pointed out that international structured retail doesn't create additional retail jobs, it merely displaces existing jobs. Only 18% of Indians, he said, \"are in structured jobs, 51% of working population is self-employed. Along with agriculture, retail trade constitutes the largest fountain of self employed jobs. Structured international retail will be harmful to job creation in India\".The BJP leader added, \"FDI in retail will consolidate the retail market and restrict only to end consumer interests. International retailers proceed on the principle of \"buy cheap and sell costlier\". Initial low prices facilitated by deep pockets result in eliminating competition and then raising prices. And that it is a myth that middlemen will be eliminated and benefits will go to the producer/farmers. Benefits of elimination of middlemen goes to retailer and not farmers/producers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16584042", "title": "Four villages offer to run tourist facilities at Pench", "text": "NAGPUR: Buoyed by the success of village eco-development committees (EDCs), four villages on the fringe of Pench tiger reserve (PTR) on Maharashtra side have offered to run the eco-huts and interpretation centre at Sillari.EDCs of four villages \u2014 Sillari, Piparia, Wagholi and Khapa \u2014 have written to the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) to hand over eco-huts at Sillari and interpretation centre.\"We are ready to pay monthly rent to the FDCM, which has been handed over the eco-huts in May. We will develop the villages from the profit earned from ecotourism,\" said Nandkumar Jaiswal of Piparia.After the Mansinghdeo wildlife sanctuary was notified in 2010, the villages on the Pench fringe lost grazing and other rights. \"To overcome the loss, we want that the EDCs be allowed to operate eco-huts. This will provide employment to the locals and ensure development too,\" Jaiswal said.Ravindra Wankhede, divisional manager of FDCM, agreed that it is the policy decision to involve EDCs. \"We will consult these EDCs and ask which components they plan to operate. We will also do locals' capacity-building like housekeeping, guides training etc,\" Wankhede said.Even as the gate fees will be managed by the wildlife wing, accommodation bookings will be looked after by the FDCM.\"Till now we have taken over guesthouses at Bor, Nagzira, Kolara, Moharli, Chikhaldara and Sillari,\" Wankhede said.Even principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi has asked the FDCM to allow EDCs to manage facilities at Sillari. FDCM has been asked to do hand holding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582062", "title": "Carlos Santana may rock Goa next year", "text": "PANAJI: Mexican-born American rock guitarist Carlos Santana is likely to perform in Goa in mid-January next year. Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar told mediapersons on Wednesday that the internationally-acclaimed musician was to visit Goa later this year, but as per the revised schedule, he will perform on January 16, 2013, at Sinquerim. He said the details of the concert will be known later.Explaining the initiative, Parulekar said that such performances give a lot of mileage to Goa, and helps give the state a much-needed tourism boost. He also said that the government is making efforts to facilitate concerts of other mega stars in the state.Santana, who burst on to the spotlight in the 60s and 70s, was rated 15th in Rolling Stong magazine's definitive list of the 100 greatest guitarists of all time, and is most famous for his hits Black magic woman, Smooth, Soul sacrifice, Everybody's everything and Maria Maria. He has won ten Grammy and three Latin Grammy awards.Talking about other programmes which attract huge crowds like Sunburn, Parulekar said he is of the view that Sunburn should be held in South Goa. \"I have suggested that this time, they should hold it in South Goa because right from the time it was brought to Goa, it was held in Candolim,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16582232", "title": "Now, pay more for your daily pao", "text": "MARGAO: The price of pao, the loaf of bread the baker delivers every morning, will go up by 1.50 from Monday. The 50 gm loaf will cost 4, up from the existing 2.50. This was decided by the All Goa Association of Bakers at an executive body meeting on Thursday.Association chairman Peter Fernandes told TOI that the bakers 'who are currently suffering losses' had no option but to increase the price of pao by 1.50.Vice president Augustine Gomes confirmed this and added that the business had turned uneconomical due to rising prices of all commodities.\"There is an increase of more than 35% as far as raw materials are concerned and the price of other products has also increased. Firewood has increased by 200% and labour costs have increased by 100%,\" Fernandes said defending the hike in price of pao.Fernandes added that the association has a strength of around 2,000 members who wanted the price to be increased to Rs 5. He admitted that there may be public opposition to the price hike, but said there has been a similar increase in prices in other food products due to inflation.\"We will try and invite the chief minister for our programme to be held on international bread day October 8, where we will put forward our demands for his consideration,\" Fernandes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583081", "title": "System glitch delays service at passport kendra", "text": "CHENNAI: The ambitious passport seva kendra project was introduced in an effort to make things easier for applicants, but hundreds of people in the city continue to find it difficult to get online appointments reportedly due to a glitch in the system. Applicants are now being asked to walk into the various passport seva kendras with just an application reference number (ARN).For renewal of passport, top officials here said, applicants with passports whose validity was more than one year, could walk into the passport seva kendra on Duraiswamy Reddy Street in Tambaram on any day between 10 am and 1 pm after first applying online and generating an ARN. The services offered at the Tambaram kendra include police clearance certificate, emigration check not required, inclusion of spouse name, change of address, change of maiden name to married name and additional booklet.Meanwhile, the Regional Passport Office has been bombarded with emails from applicants unable to get appointments. \"When a project has been introduced to make life easier for an applicant, why is it that we are unable to get online appointments?'' said M Anwaruddin who has been trying for an appointment for the last two weeks.Meanwhile, travel agents are charging Rs 500 for arranging an online appointment under the regular category and Rs 750 for one under the Tatkal category.A spokesman for Tata Consultancy Services, which installed the online system, said there is no glitch in the system. \"Everything is functioning normally. It could be because of the full capacity applicants are not able to get an appointment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16582818", "title": "Former Trichy Congress MP Adaikkalaraj passes away", "text": "TRICHY: Former Congress MP, L Adaikkalaraj, died of cardiac arrest at a private hospital here on Thursday morning. He was 76.The four-time MP from Trichy Lok Sabha constituency developed chest pain on Wednesday at his residence in Crawford in the city and was immediately taken to a private hospital. Since his health condition was unstable from the time he was brought to the hospital, he was given critical care treatment.According to sources, the doctors decided to perform a surgery on Thursday to prevent him from getting a cardiac arrest. But his health condition deteriorated further and he died around 10.15am on Thursday. Sources close to his family said that Adaikkalaraj had already suffered from cardiac problem. After the treatment, he was hale and hearty till Wednesday. But this time, he could not survive the cardiac arrest and died.The mortal remains of the Congress leader were brought to his residence at Crawford and will be kept there till Friday afternoon for the party cadres and the public to pay homage. TNCC chief Gnanadesikan and other Congress leaders are expected to visit Trichy on Friday. The burial will take place at the RC graveyard in Melapudhur.Adaikkalaraj was survived by his wife Rani Adaikkalaraj, three sons Joseph Louis, Joseph Francis, Joseph Vincent and two daughter Crary Joan and Nirmal Bastin.Adaikkalaraj held fort of Trichy Lok Sabha constituency from 1984 to 1996. He remained undefeated for four consecutive terms in the constituency. He hailed from a family with a strong political connection. His father ASG Lourdhusamy served as the former chairman of Trichy municipality.After completing his diploma in civil engineering in Seshasayee Institute of Technology in Ariyamangalam, he became a full-time businessman. Adaikkalaraj had got the licence for liquor bottling at that time and succeeded in his business. He was closely associated with late Congress heavyweight G K Moopanar and actor Sivaji Ganesan.During his peak period in his business, he entered politics and contested on the Congress ticket from the Trichy Lok Sabha constituency in 1984. Since then, his victorious journey continued for the next three elections in 1989, 1991 and 1996. When Moopanar came out of the Congress and launched the Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC), he extended his support to the party. He contested the 1996 parliamentary election from Trichy Lok Sabha constituency on a TMC ticket and won.Following the merger of TMC with the Congress, he was again given a ticket by the Congress party during the 1998 Lok Sabha elections. Unfortunately, he experienced his first defeat in the politics against BJP candidate Rangarajan Kumaramangalam. He retired from active politics and since then, Trichy constituency did not find a single politician to fill his vacuum so far. Even though his sister Emiley Richard was elected as deputy mayor of Trichy corporation, none of the other members from his family, or other Congressmen in Trichy could shine in politics like him.He was holding the post of vice-president of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC) till his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582758", "title": "Tea Trade Centre to be set up in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The Tea Trade Association of Cochin (TTAC) will set up a tea trade centre in the Willingdon Island with the support of the Tea Board of India. The cost of the project is estimated to be Rs 100 crore, which will be raised through the equity contribution from the stakeholders and the financial assistance from the central government.TTAC's managing committee has approved the feasibility study for establishing the centre. The proposed centre will be set up in 10 acres of land, which will be provided by the Cochin Port Trust. The centre will have a fully automated warehousing facility with a capacity to store about 10,000 tonnes of tea and processing equipment apart from providing office space for more than 10 corporate houses.\"The Willlingdon Island in Cochin Port is a main tea auction centre in south India. Large number of brokers, buyers and sellers are operating here transacting about 70 million kg of tea every year. However, the operations are scattered and labour-intensive, with blending being done manually. The Port Trust looks forward primarily to a trade promotional entity like the TTAC to create the facilities and manage the operations at international bench marks of finesse, productivity and automation,\" said Paul Antony, chairman of Cochin Port Trust. \"The centre will have the potential to grow as a major tea hub in the world. It is understood that tea from different sources will reach Kochi which will attract overseas buyers especially in the context of the facilities provided by the centre,\" said V Unnikrishnan, the outgoing chairman of TTAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16581839", "title": "Colliery workers launch blockade", "text": "DHANBAD: Movement of trains on the Howrah-Delhi line between Dhanbad and Asansol was hit on Thursday morning following the economic blockade by the colliery workers' trade union affiliated to the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha. The colliery workers squatted on the railway tracks near Bhuli station to press their 30-point charter of demands.The agitators led by MLA Samresh Singh did not allow movement of goods trains from Dhanbad and prevented the transportation of coal by road, too. There was no lifting of coal from the yards of the coal depots either.The union is demanding Rs 12,000 as minimum monthly wage to the coal miners, medical facilities, provident fund and pension to the daily wage earners and those engaged by the outsourced agencies. The union is also agitating for adequate compensation to the families who lost their land due to acquisition by the public sector Coal India Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16581116", "title": "Beaten by school teacher, teenager lands in ICU", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A physics teacher of Sanatan Dharma Inter College in Ghaziabad brutally thrashed three students on Thursday morning. The students were allegedly asked to do ear squats (holding ear through legs) for hours before being beaten with a stick. One of the students had to be admitted to the ICU of a private hospital.Alarmed at the atrocity meted by the teacher, students blocked the road at Kalkagarhi intersection and demanded action against the school teacher. Police had to resort to a lathi charge to disperse the agitating students.The district inspector of schools, Raj Singh Yadav, said he has written a letter to the school management asking them to initiate a probe into the matter and submit a report within a week. On asked if the school management did not investigate the case properly then what action would be taken, Yadav said, \"Stringent action will be taken against the school management and their recognition could also be cancelled.\"The school principal, MC Gupta, said a committee has been formed and the matter is being probed. Action will be taken if the teacher is found guilty. The victim's father has also filed a complaint with the police.Police said the students allegedly creating a nuisance during the morning prayer session when the principal was delivering a message. \"The teacher then asked the students of classes 9, 10, 11 and 12 to raise their hands in the air and jump,\" said the student who was admitted to the hospital.\"One of students did not listen to the teacher and instead of raising his hands started clapping. The enraged teacher asked him to do an ear squat and even hit him with a stick. After the prayer meeting, I went to collect a pen from a friend who is in class 11. The teacher then thrashed me for not being in my class,\" added the student.The father of the hospitalized student said that he was informed about the incident house later, around 1.30pm. \"A teacher called me and said my son has been admitted to the ICU of a private hospital. I immediately left office and reached there. There are injury marks on my son's back, chest and hands. He was forced to hold his ears through his legs for hours. He was mentally tortured and is still in depression after the incident,\" said the father.\"When I talked to the principal, he admitted that a mistake had been made by the teacher. He assured me that stringent action will be taken. If the school does not take action, we will approach higher authorities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582116", "title": "'Rollback new shack policy'", "text": "PANAJI: Shack owners opposing the new beach shack policy approved by the cabinet on Wednesday, held black flag protests in Panaji on Thursday-World Tourism Day.The aggrieved shack owners gathered near the Panaji church square and shouted slogans decrying the policy. They then went in a rally to the tourism department office in the city. They could be heard shouting \"amchim shack-am amkam zai\" (we want our shacks) and \"fotoille re, fotoille, Parrikar-an fotoille\" (Parrikar has cheated us). They are accusing chief minister Manohar Parrikar of going back on his earlier assurance to address their concerns.The shack owners are opposing the terms of the temporary policy which has proposed increased license fees and security deposits and has reduced the number of shacks, particularly along the Calangute-Sinquerim stretch. The policy also restricts the size of the shacks and the number of beach beds.\"We want the new shack policy to be rolled back,\" demanded Shack Owners Welfare Society (SOWS) president Cruz Cardozo. He alleged the policy was designed to further the interests of the starred-hotels' lobby. He warned that if the issue is not resolved soon, it will affect coastal tourism in Goa.A SOWS delegation submitted a memorandum demanding the rollback to the tourism director. They also submitted copies to tourism minister Dilip Parulekar and Parrikar's office.The other shack owners association-The Goan Traditional Shack Owners Association (TGTSOA) -has also condemned the policy. Association president Manuel Cardoz said, \"We strongly disagree with the government on the policy.\"Criticizing the increase in licence fees, he said the same would have been justified only if the government had provided infrastructure like beach illumination, water connections and garbage collection.He felt the changed shack size was \"totally unrealistic\" and may compel shack owners to expand illegally. He also felt that shack owners would be unable to invest in CCTV cameras for a business period of just six months.The tourism season begins officially on October 1. Shacks, which are small restaurants located on beaches, serve food and drinks and are popular among tourists, particularly foreigners, visiting the coastal state of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582615", "title": "Govt to file review petition on appointing judges to info panels", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is likely to file a review petition before the Supreme Court on its judgment that judges should also be appointed as members of Central Information Commission (CIC) and state commissions.Sources said a review was likely to be filed following legal opinion by attorney general G E Vahanvati that the present system should continue and there was no need to change it. The AG is learnt to have said that more clarity was required from the Supreme Court on the issue.Holding that central and state information commissions perform quasi-judicial functions, the apex court had on September 13 asked the government to also appoint people from judicial background as its members.A bench of Justices AK Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar had passed the order on a PIL challenging Section 12 and 15 of the Right to Information Act, 2005 enumerating the qualifications needed for appointment of members to the commissions.The bench, however, refused to quash the sections but asked the government to modify it so that people from judicial background were also appointed to the post.Currently, none of the eight members of the CIC, including the chief information commissioner, are from judicial background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582170", "title": "It was short-lived bonhomie", "text": "BANGALORE: Minutes before the start of the party's general body meeting on Wednesday, warring leaders KPCC president G Parameshwara and treasurer Shamanur Shivashankarappa declared: All Izz Well.'' But the bonhomie was just for public consumption.Tension had been building over the last few days with Parameshwara cautioning Shivashankarappa against staying away from meetings and the latter lobbying in New Delhi for the KPCC president's post.Prior to the meeting, Parameshwara and Shivashankarappa hugged each other and declared they have been good friends for 30 years. He is like my elder brother,'' said Parameshwara, while Shivashankarappa returned the warmth. An hour into the programme, Shivashankarappa made a quiet exit with his supporters PM Ashok, BC Patil, KC Kondaiah and VS Ugrappa among others.Ironically, all the speakers, be it former Union ministers Janardhana Poojary, CK Jaffer Sharief or AICC secretary Shantaram Naik, spoke about the need for unity to assume power in the 2013 assembly polls.A senior party leader who had associated himself with the Janata Parivar earlier remarked: In Congress, fireworks don't happen in the open. Things happen behind the scenes. Even if you are unhappy, you have to keep quiet. It's a matter of survival.''Shivashankarappa, who has been KPCC treasurer for the last 12 years, has attended just two party meetings of the total 14 held in a year or so. Being aware of the leaders' infighting, a worker had distributed pamphlets in which he had urged the leaders not to fight over caste. It was an obvious reference to the dalit vs Lingayat factionalism in the party.Expecting a call from the high command for another meeting over the leadership issue in a fortnight, Shivashankarappa's group is strategizing.Meanwhile, putting up a brave front, Parameshwara has chalked out a poll plan to organize the party. From October 2, we are holding programmes in all the 224 assembly segments. The local leaders will organize workers, highlight the misdeeds of the BJP government, take out a rally from the hobli to the taluk headquarters. On Saturdays and Sundays, we will organize a public meeting at the district headquarters. By the end of 30 days, we would have held 1,794 meetings,'' he said.End to lobbying?KPCC president G Parameshwara said that the forthcoming assembly elections would witness an end to 'Delhi lobbying' by the state Congressmen.He said the candidates would be selected by KPCC and the list sent to the party poll panel for approval. Everything will be done here. I appeal to all the leaders and the aspirants not to go to Delhi,'' he said.Filed shiv/Cleared Naheed/uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581683", "title": "Teen drugged and gang-raped in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old girl was abducted, drugged, gang-raped and filmed in the nude by two men in Mayur Vihar. One of the accused is her friend's brother, cops said. The incident occurred on August 14 when one of the accused, Vivek, met the Class X student of an east Delhi school at a local market and asked her to come home with him as his sister wanted to meet her.She followed him to his car where Vivek allegedly offered her soft drink laced with sedatives. She soon felt dizzy and Vivek, instead of driving home, took her to his friend Raja's house.Vivek and Raja raped her one by one and filmed the whole act with a cellphone camera. When she regained consciousness, the two men threatened to leak the video if she spilled the beans about the act. She shot back, threatening that her family will not spare them. The accused, to look serious about their threat, MMSed the clip to some of their friends. The girl, fearing that the truth would hurt her family's honour, kept quiet.But on Wednesday, her father learnt about the MMS, which was circulated by the accused and their friends. The man reported the matter to the police after which a case was lodged. Cops were looking for the duo at the time of filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582495", "title": "Sandalwood to shut down on Oct 6", "text": "BANGALORE: The Kannada film industry will be closed on October 6 in support of the Karnataka bandh over the Cauvery water row.Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce president KV Chandrashekar told reporters here on Thursday that production and exhibition of movies in the state would be stopped from 6am to 6pm that day. The film fraternity, led by actor MH Ambareesh, will take out a rally from the KFCC office and submit a memorandum to governor HR Bhardwaj.\"The state is reeling under drought. There's an acute shortage of water, even for drinking. It's not possible to release water to Tamil Nadu. The Centre should understand this and act fairly,'' Chandrashekar said.KFCC honorary secretary and Kannada activist Saa Ra Govindu accused TN CM J Jayalalithaa of politicizing the issue. \"When M Karunanidhi is in power, the issue gets resolved amicably through dialogue. But Jayalalithaa rakes up the controversy for her political survival the moment she assumes power,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581929", "title": "HC seeks SSP's reply on action against eve-teasers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Thursday directed SSP Allahabad and others officers concerned to apprise the court about the action taken against eve-teasers in the recent cases in the city.An instruction on this PIL was provided by the office of SSP Allahabad, which was produced in the court through standing counsel that the district administration has earmarked areas where eve-teasing cases are generally reported. The state government counsel told the court that a team of male and female police personnel has been constituted to nab eve-teasers.The court fixed October 4 to hear the case, saying that the PIL was for a good cause to put check on eve- teasers not only in Allahabad but other districts too. The bench of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice PKS Baghel said if court thinks there is any laxity on the part of the officers, the court may consider to constitute an appropriate committee to monitor the situation.The court passed the order on a PIL filed by a social organisation Stri Mukti Sangthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581578", "title": "'Damania unaware of BJP's role in exposing irrigation scams'", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian Against Corruption (IAC) activist Anjali Damania has caused a flutter in BJP by accusing national president Nitin Gadkari of refusing to expose massive irregularities in irrigation projects in the state, when she met him. She claimed to have also met Eknath Khadse, leader of opposition in state assembly, and well-known BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis, but they too did not show much interest.While Gadkari has not directly commented on her allegations and has decided to send her a legal notice, Khadse and Fadnavis have trashed her allegations pointing out various scams exposed by them.Taking on Damania, Khadse told the media about his role in exposing corruption in several irrigation projects. He claimed that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had agreed to publish a white paper on irrigation projects in this year's budget session when he exposed the massive irregularities.Fadnavis, while refraining from directly criticizing the IAC activist, said that she was apparently not aware of the efforts made by him and his party to get several irrigation tenders quashed. \"I have been raising this issue since 2010. My party leaders never interfered and in fact Gadkari always appreciated my efforts,\" said Fadnavis.Commenting on his interaction with Damania, Fadnavis told TOI that he had met her three times and had several telephonic conversations with her. \"I had raised the issue of massive corruption in Kondhane and Balganga dams of Konkan region in this year's budget session. The cost of Kondhane dam had been increased from Rs 60 crore to Rs 550 crore without retendering. Damania approached me the next day and provided me documents obtained by her under RTI pertaining to the two projects. I used these documents to force water resources minister Sunil Tatkare to order an enquiry,\" the MLA said on Thursday.\"I also brought to notice of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan of her victimization by government officials because she was trying to expose irregularities in irrigation projects. Revenue department had sent her a show cause notice seeking to seize her lands in Konkan purchased in 1994, claiming that she had submitted wrong information to government for buying these lands. Some officials had told her that she was facing this harassment as she was seeking information under RTI regarding the scams,\" he added.According to the MLA, Damania again met him during the monsoon session after he forced home minister RR Patil to order an enquiry regarding the allegations of corruption by water resources minister Sunil Tatkare. \"We had a prolonged discussion on ways to expose more irrigation scams. I gave her the telephone number of Irrigation department's whistle-blower Vijay Pandhare,\" he said.The MLA added that he and Eknath Khadse had got 32 irrigation tenders, including 14 for Lower Painganga project in Yavatmal district, cancelled whose costs had been escalated fraudulently. \"The government had appointed Upase committee for probing irregularities in Lower Painganga project. The committee had found that the water discharge was artificially increased to inflate the cost. Water resources ministry had shoved the report under carpet but I obtained it through RTI. The ministry was then forced to cancel the tenders. The cost of the project will now reduce by around Rs 2,000 crore,\" said Fadnavis.\"I then learnt that the ministry had not forfeited security deposit of the contractors, which in effect means that the tenders had not been cancelled. I again obtained information under RTI and the ministry was forced to forfeit them on August 25 this year,\" said Fadnavis.The MLA further said that in this budget session he had exposed how Vidarbha's irrigation financial backlog was removed due to cost escalation of the projects. \"Even though huge amount has been spent but very little irrigation potential has been created,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16580991", "title": "More artificial ponds boost eco-friendly immersions in Mumbai this Ganeshotsav", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581836", "title": "Swaroop Nagar murders lead: Barber arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exactly 20 days after the murders at Swaroop Nagar in northwest Delhi, when two men went on a firing spree firing at six people and, subsequently, shooting themselves, the police have traced the barber who allegedly knows from whom the duo \u2014 Rajveer and his friend Manish \u2014 had bought the pistols.Police said that they raided several places before tracing the barber, Ravi, to a village near Bulandshahar in Uttar Pradesh. Confirming the detention, DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran said they are investigating Ravi's role. Cops claim Ravi was privy to the conversation between Manish and Rajveer and they see him as their prime witness.\"Ravi was terrified after he came to know that the accused went on a killing spree. He fled to his native village. He told us that he had heard the duo speak of the murders but did not take them seriously. Ravi claimed that he didn't know how the duo managed to procure the weapons. We believe he knows more and holds the key to the arms dealers who provided pistols to the duo,'' said an officer.The police claim they have leads that show that the entire incident was planned and the victims chosen with care. The only stumbling block, they say, is the deceased Rajveer's decision to train the guns on his two children.Delhi Police suspect three angles \u2014 a property dispute with a brother, a one-sided love affair that went wrong and more importantly, distress after parents literally disowned them - all of which contributed to the macabre death of four people on September 7. Manish, too, later died.Three others - Pooja (32), the wife of Rajveer, his daughter Rashi (3) and his brother Krishan (35) are said to be stable.Sources indicate that both shooters Rajveer (33) and Manish (22) knew each other for a long time but became close friends just seven months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581855", "title": "Villages grow a railway station", "text": "NEW DELHI: Their homes lie within earshot of the Delhi-Bathinda railway line, but for years a journey to the capital meant travelling 14km on bad roads to board a train at Karaichi station near Jind. Time and again, the nearly 1 lakh residents of these nine Haryana villages, 90km from Delhi, lobbied for a station of their own but the assurances did not materialize. Until one April day, when they came together with bricks and mortar, hoes and spades, to gift themselves the Lakhan Majra railway station.The new station inaugurated on Thursday by Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda is reportedly the brainchild of Rohtak MP Deepender Singh Hooda , and the means and material to build it came from local panchayats.As Northern Railway officers watched in awe, hundreds of locals toiled day and night to complete the station in what is the first shram daan (collaborative effort) project in the Delhi division.\"The station at Lakhan Majra will provide rail connectivity to nine villages \u2014 Bahasi, Kherak, Gugaheri, Nandakheri, Chiri, Poli, Indergarh and Lakhan Majra \u2014 on the Delhi-Bathinda rail route,\" said a senior Northern Railway officer. At least six passenger trains will halt here for a minute each on their way to and from Delhi. The Delhi DRM office confirmed that the Rohtak-Jind passenger, Delhi-Ferozepur passenger and Delhi-Jakhal passenger trains will be available immediately.\"Railway authorities granted approval for provision of a halt station at Lakhan Majra in April 2012 and the foundation stone for its construction was laid on April 13,\" said VK Gupta, general manager, Northern Railway. AK Sachan, divisional railway manager, termed it a \"people's effort\".Shashi Chauhan, a local, said it was a \"long cherished dream\" of the villagers. \"This was an effort of all panchayats here. Now the railways must keep their promise to give us more trains.\" Construction of the station and its access road ended Last Friday. Two rail-level platforms of 400m each have been built, and there are toilets and drinking water for waiting passengers. The station is situated close to the Rohtak-Jind national highway.With a new station to serve them, the locals hope to develop the area into a cargo hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16581924", "title": "Civic issues plague Deolali Cantonment residents", "text": "NASHIK: Crippled by the lack of infrastructure in the face of rising population and emergence of new localities in Deolali, the Cantonment Board is looking forward to a financial aid of Rs 70 crore from the Centre.While a proposal about the infrastructural works has already been sent to the Union ministry of defence, the elected board members of the Cantonment Board meanwhile have been following up the issue with MP Sameer Bhujbal as well as other leaders for the grant.The demand for the grant is mainly for the underground sewage system, improvement of slum areas and water supply lines, among other issues.A few years ago, Deolali Cantonment was known for its cleanliness, apart from being a popular health destination dotted with numerous sanatoriums. Today, however, there is an outcry over the depleting living conditions in the residential areas. Open sewage lines, bad roads, lack of water supply and every other basic civic facility is deficient.Tukaram Jadhav of ward number 4, who has been living there since four decades said, \"With a large number of people from the Gujarati community, who have constructed or purchased second homes here, our ward is supposedly the largest tax-paying ward in the Cantonment area. However, the Cantonment administration has never paid attention towards our area. Internal roads are in a bad shape. Residents have been putting rubble in the potholes themselves to make the road surfaces even.\"Jadhav also complained about the problem of drinking water saying that most of the localities in his ward comprising Sansari Naka, Lam Road, Vithal Wadi, Laxmi Mandir, Six Number Naka, Sakurkar Chawl and Kali Nagar receive water only for an hour in the morning and for half an hour in the evening.Shamdas Adke of ward number1, who has a grocery shop, said that due to the Hadola area, which is quite a big slum in the ward, the biggest problems are lack of cleanliness and the menace of mosquitoes. With no public lavatories in the slum area, people defecate in open places which in turn increases the risk to the health of the residents.Sanjay Godse of ward number 3, meanwhile, pointed out the roads in interiors of the ward, the condition of the Deolali Camp bus stop, full of potholes leaving no place to stand for the passengers, the wild grass that has grown in the surroundings and the difficulties residents have to face due to strict army rules. Godse added that he and the residents of the ward have given various memorandums to the Cantonment Board, but things have never improved.Meanwhile, residents of Vijay Nagar that falls in ward number 8 have been demanding a police chowky in their area given the rising crime rate in the area and the huge distance they have to cover to reach the police station during emergency situations.When asked about the rising civic problems of the cantonment area, vice president of the Cantonment Board, Deolali, Vijay Karanjkar said, \"The only source of income for Deolali Cantonment is the general taxes that are collected. However, with the rising population the taxes are falling short to meet the expenses of civic works.\" He added that while a share of the taxes collected goes to the state government, the Cantonment Board receives no financial aid in return from the state for developmental works.\"Considering such limitations, we have asked for a special grant of Rs 70 crore for the city's development. If the grant is provided, it will solve the problem of the basic civic needs of Deolali Camp area for the next 25 years,\" said Karanjkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16581822", "title": "Garhwa prisoners protest against inmate's death", "text": "GARHWA: Blaming the jail administration for the death of a prisoner, Afzal Ansari (35), in the Garhwa sub-jail on Wednesday, 626 prisoners of the jail staged a dharna with the body of the deceased on the prison premise for four hours on Thursday. They demanded suspension of the jail doctor, Ramashish Chaudhary; transfer of jailer, Raghunath Pandey; a compensation of Rs 5 lakh; a job to the nearest kin and a judicial probe into the death.The prisoners were adamant about their demands even after being persuaded by the jail administration to lift their dharna. Later, after being assured by the Garhwa SDM-cum-jail superintendent, A Muthu Kumar, that their demands would be met, the prisoners called off the dharna.Ansari, was a resident of Arsalli village in the Bhawnathpur police station area of the district. He was arrested by the Nagar Untari police on charges of goat theft on September 11 and was sent to jail on September 12. Since then he was undergoing treatment in the jail, said an inmate.Sources alleged he was tortured by the Nagar Untari officer in-charge, Amitabh Roy, before sending him to jail. Several prisoners said Ansari was ill ever since he was lodged in the jail and his condition continued to deteriorate every day. Afzal had requested the jailer that he be treated properly. But the jailer did not pay attention to his plea, said a prisoner.A Muthu Kumar said a thorough enquiry would be made into the allegations. A report to this effect will be sent to the IG (jail) after the enquiry.Leaders of various political parties demanded a judicial probe. While the JMM district secretary Manoj Thakur demanded a judicial probe into the case, the CPI (ML) leader, Kishor Kumar, said the party would approach the human rights commission. \"It was an ordinary case of goat theft. Ansari should not have been beaten up they way he was,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582035", "title": "Morcha demands restart of mining operations", "text": "PANAJI: Workers from various iron ore mines in the state held a morcha in Panaji on Thursday demanding that the government take immediate steps to resume mining in Goa.The morcha was held under the banner of the Goa Mining Labour Welfare Union, affiliated to the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) Goa.After wending through the city's main roads, the morcha ended with a public meeting at Azad Maidan.Speakers demanded that the government immediately withdraw the suspension of mining operations and work out a viable rehabilitation package or provide alternative jobs to those adversely affected.They claimed that over a lakh workers, truck operators, barge workers, workshop workers and many others were dependent on mining industry for their livelihood.They said those who are demanding the closure of mining operations should realize the socio-economic impact the same will have on Goa's economy.The speakers included Suhaas Naik, Christopher Fonseca, Raju Mangueshkar and Prasanna Utagi.Rally attendees unanimously resolved to intensify their agitation if the mines are not reopened within the next fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16582861", "title": "Primary schools with few students to be shut down", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The government has decided to close down primary schools with less than 25 students and merge those with nearby schools. \"We have asked district committees of Sarva Sikhya Abhiyan (SSA) to identify the non-viable schools in their respective districts,\" school and mass education commissioner-secretary Usha Padhy said here on Wednesday. \"All such schools will be identified by March 31,\" she added.The government had relaxed the norms of opening new primary schools to improve access to elementary education and to achieve 100% enrolment, she said, adding that many schools are not viable. But the government has also decided to open 1,500 more primary schools in the state, she said. \"The district committee of the SSA has also been asked to submit their proposals for the opening up of the new schools in their districts,\" said the commissioner, who was in the town to review different programmes of the school and mass education department, including mid-day meal, student enrollment, construction of school buildings in Ganjam, Gajapati and Kandhamal districts. Several higher officials of the department attended the meet.The government has also decided to construct 130 girls' hostels, one in each educationally-backward block (EBB) to boost education of girls', she said. Most of these blocks are in the tribal-dominated districts and KBK region. Similarly, the Centre has approved setting up 111 model schools in these blocks of the state.Similarly, as many as 709 new school buildings would be constructed under the Rashtriya Madhyamika Sikshya Abhiyan (RMSA) in the state. The cost of each building would be around Rs 58 lakh, said the director of Rastriya Madhyamika Sikshya Parishad (RMSP) N Jena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16582391", "title": "Biofuel model not suitable", "text": "BBMP's solid waste management plan has run into resistance from hoteliers too. Their association is clearly opposed to the condition that they should set up biofuel plants on their premises.BBMP had introduced a biofuel researcher from Karnataka State Biofuel Development Board to the hoteliers' association earlier this month. The board was supposed to give technical guidance to hoteliers to set up the biogas units. BBMP had asked the association to give the names of 100 top hotels who would implement the plan first.However, the plan flopped as the hoteliers' association said the model given by the biofuel development board is not suitable for them.\"The model is not suitable for commercial units like ours. Let BBMP introduce automated garbage segregating units in each locality. It takes about Rs 25 crore and 10 acres of land. Let the city have 10 such plants. We're told this model has been put in place in Salem. Till BBMP comes up with a fresh plan, hotels in South Bangalore will give their wet waste to the organic waste composter in Jayanagar,\" said Vasudeva Adiga, president, Bangalore Hoteliers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581853", "title": "Woman cop roughed up at Byculla mandal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kalachowki police on Thursday lodged an FIR against unidentified people for allegedly assaulting an on-duty woman constable. The incident took place in the evening when Jeejabai Pawar (36) was on bandobast duty at Lalbagcha Raja in Byculla.The victim was trying to control the crowd when she had an argument with some people. Pawar said, \"The mob assaulted her before other police personnel intervened and rescued her.\"Additional CP (Central region) Praveen Salunke confirmed the incident. \"We will go through the CCTV installed at the spot where the cop was assaulted to track down the culprits,\" said Salunke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583523", "title": "Civic bodies look at ways to shut down flower mart", "text": "CHENNAI: Determined to remove the wholesale flower market in Flower Bazaar, Chennai Corporation and Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) have decided to take legal action to vacate the stay order on closure that some vendors obtained from court.Top CMDA and corporation officials met earlier this week to discuss flower shops that function illegally on Badrian Street off NSC Bose Road. The agencies have decided to get legal opinion on how to proceed against four flower shop owners who got a stay order against sealing drive, and how to handle other cases filed by traders.\"Four of the shops have obtained a stay order. We are looking at legal opinions to vacate the order,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.Officials of CMDA locked and sealed a large flower shop in the area in June 2010, leading to tension in the area and protests by traders association. Later that year the agencies issued notices to 130 traders, asking them to stop wholesale trade or face closure. Many traders filed cases in civil courts in the city and court stayed the sealing drive for four shops. The other shops also continue to function, said senior corporation officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16581999", "title": "Gangetic Dolphin census from October 5", "text": "BAHRAICH: Worried about the falling number of the Gangetic Dolphin, the government is launching a three-day operation of counting them in all the prominent rivers of the state from October 5. This joint operation of the Forest department and World Nature Fund is by order of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.Associate director Dr Sandip Kumar of River Basin Diversity Division of World Nature Fund said by October 7 it would be clear how large is the family of the rare dolphin, declared the national water animal by the Central Government in 2009. The Ganga was considered the place of origin of this rare animal found only in clean water till it was found roaming in other rivers of the country too. A programme has been prepared for its conservation in all the prominent rivers of the state.In the first phase, the Gangetic Dolphin would be counted in all the rivers and after confirming the definite number and the rivers they are inhabiting, initiative would be taken for their conservation. The work plan has started led by programme chief Rupak Dey. In the first phase the counting would start in Ganga, Ghaghra, Saryu, Gerwa, Rapti, Yamuna, Chambal, Ken, Betwa and Son rivers. Dr Sandip said counting operation would last for three days and would be done in all the rivers of the state simultaneously from October 5.Under the operation, 3,000 kilometers of the riverfronts would be covered on motor boats by 18 teams consisting of 150 observers of the Forest department, world nature fund and expert teams constituted to record the number of dolphins. The counting will be done scientifically using the line transit method. Gangetic Dolphin roams in the river at a speed of 4.75 kilometers per hour considering which the motor boats have to run in the river at a speed of 8 to 10 kilometers per hour. The team of four observers would monitor from the boats using binoculars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16583607", "title": "Mysore Dasara: Royals from across India are invited", "text": "MYSORE: If district minister S A Ramdas has his way, royal families in India will attend this edition of Dasara, adding a touch of royalty to the celebrations.The minister on Thursday said that the government has invited 26 royal families to attend the festivities. \"We've extended invitation to them, asking them to attend the celebrations starting October 16,\" he said at World Tourism Day celebrations.This comes after the minister said some 70 ambassadors are being invited to the festivities, so that they get to witness the grandeur of Mysore Dasara, which will help attract foreign visitors.However, sources said that it will be a big challenge for the official machinery to attend to them, given their requirements. There is a protocol to be followed and it will be a big task.\"Four years ago when Shobha Karandlaje was the district minister, she had invited some of the royal families. But only some of them responded. This edition too, the issue is yet to be discussed seriously,\" they stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581651", "title": "City nun to participate in Bishops' Synod in Rome", "text": "PUNE: Sister Rekha M Chennattu, the first woman professor at the Jnana-Deepa Vidyapeeth here, has been invited by Pope Benedict XVI to participate as an auditor in next month's Bishops' Synod in Rome. Sister Rekha is the only woman from India to be invited for the synod.\"I consider it a special grace and responsibility to participate in the discussions, highlighting the Indian perspectives as an Indian religious woman and a Biblical scholar and theologian,\" said Sister Rekha, who is a member of the Indian Women Theologians Forum and Indian Biblical Scholars.The nun said that those participating as auditors in the synod are given an opportunity to express their opinion in the small language groups or in the auditions during the plenary sessions. The synod is scheduled to be held from October 7 to 28.The Religious of the Assumption congregation of nuns in India, which Sister Rekha heads, works for the welfare of girl children through education and for the development of women as leaders in society. \"Our work in Maharashtra includes social awareness programmes, health education, literacy programmes, legal aid, ashramshalas for Adivasi girls, boarding for girls, whose parents are affected by HIV/AIDS and other incurable diseases, and working with chemically-dependent people (alcoholics and drug addicts),\" she said.Prominent among the 200-odd bishops to attend the synod is Cardinal Oswald Gracias, Archbishop of Bombay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16583758", "title": "Kochi Police: Fast, but not quick enough", "text": "KOCHI: Crimes in the city have risen by almost 55% in recent years. If the city recorded 566 crimes in 2010, it rose to a whopping 879 in 2011. No doubt, Kochi needs an efficient policing system and quick response to crime or a law and order situation . On Thursday, TOI reporter Ajay Kanth along with Kochi range inspector general K Padmakumar decided to check the preparedness of the city police and set ourselves up as decoy.We set off in a car from the IG's residence at Gandhi Nagar around 9.30 am. Our plan was to ring up and alert the city police control room by passing on the details of our car as one found to be moving in a suspicious manner.Though we initially decided to go to Vytilla and move further to Kundannoor junction, we changed our plan in the last minute and decided to proceed to Kakkanad and travel through the Seaport-Airport Road to Irumbanam.As the car crossed the Vazhakala junction around 9.47 am, the IG dialled 100. IG: A white i10 car is proceeding to Seaport-Airport Road in a suspicious manner. Control Room: Where are you calling from? Do you have any other details about the vehicle? IG: There are three passengers in it. Control Room: Please identify yourself. IG: I don't want to reveal my identity. I just want to pass on information that's all.He hung up the phone and quipped, \"I hope they will track our vehicle. It is good to check their alertness once a month. We used to conduct regular mock exercises to evaluate the response time of the city police. With the available resources, the city police were doing a fairly good job,\" he said.We continued towards Irumbanam with the IG keeping track of time. For the next 10 minutes, we could not spot a single police patrolling team. As the car reached Puthiya Road Junction at Irumbanam, a bike patrol appeared in front of the car and intercepted us. The team waved us down and the watch showed 10 am.And even as locals crowded around the car, the IG gave a triumphant smile. \"Not bad at all. They have managed to track our vehicle in 13 minutes,\" he said as two police personnel got down from the bike and rushed to us. Seeing the senior police officer in the car, the two officers hesitated a bit.\"Sir, we received a communication from the control room to check the vehicle ,\" said one of them.IG: Yes, I was the one who informed the control room about the vehicle. It was done to check the response time of the police. Which police station do you belong to? Policeman: We are from the Hill Palace police station and on patrol today on this stretch. We received the message about the white i10 car on the wireless and started monitoring all the vehicles coming this way. We have in fact put two patrol jeeps on standby at the junction ahead to chase the car if it does not stop on our directions.\"Having completed the response test, we proceeded back to the city.WHAT NEXT?What have you learned from the experience?The response time of the police needs to be better. They should track the vehicle in five to eight minutes once they receive information. The number of control room vehicles is less in the city. There are only 13 vehicles and another 10 is required. The congested traffic junctions leading to NH and on the bypass are causing the delayWhat action do you propose?Aproposal will be send to the state government seeking funds for the city police to buy more vehicles. Regular exercises will be conducted to better the response time of the police. A discussion will be initiated to include Kochi city in the mega city police project of the Union governmentContact this number to pass on any information to the police - 9497998992, 100, 0484 2385002K Padmakumar, inspector general, Kochi rangeThe officer wants to bring down the response time to five to eight minutes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582609", "title": "55 yrs on, Meghnad Saha\u2019s green design gets shape", "text": "KOLKATA: Six decades ago, when very few had woken up to the ills of global warming , legendary astrophysicist Meghnad Saha dreamt of building a green campus for the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science, of which he was then the director.On the morning of February 16, 1956, Saha was running late. He had to get his plan approved by the Planning Commission, which was especially meeting for the purpose. The scientist, then a sitting Lok Sabha MP, had a lot of clout in Delhi because the world had just gone crazy over his Saha equation explaining the physical and chemical conditions in stars.Saha, a patient of high blood pressure and hypertension, was bounding up the Planning Commission stairs when he suffered a massive cardiac and fell down dead, clutching his design close to his chest.The IACS expansion project was stalled, but luckily Saha's plan did not get lost. Fifty five years later, the Union ministry of science and technology has decided to give shape to his dream and build a new IACS campus at Baruipur on the outskirts of Kolkata based on his plan. The land has been given by the state government, with chief minister Mamata Banerjee personally ensuring a speedy handover.The IACS, was founded in 1876 by philanthropist doctor Mahendralal Sircar, known in history as Ramakrishna Paramhansa's doctor. It was housed in 210, Bowbazar Street, the address now occupied by Goenka College. Sircar bought an ancient mansion that stood there at the time. In 1907, the legendary CV Raman joined IACS and it was here that he discovered the Raman Effect that brought him the Nobel in 1930.Later, chief minister Bidhan Roy allotted the institute six acres in Jadavpur. During Saha's time a one-storey building came up here and research work started.Saha, however, dreamt big and in consultation with Martin Burn drew up the blueprint for a green campus.\" The project was mammoth and Saha was getting sanctions in phases. It was at this stage that he died. The modernity and environmental relevance of the design will surprise people now. When the Jadavpur campus expanded after Saha, unfortunately, additions were made according to requirements. We are extremely happy that we have been able to retrieve the old design.We will now build our new campus on Baruipur based on it,\" said Kankan Bhattacharya, the current director of IACS.The state government has allotted 30 acres to IACS at Baruipur at a subsidized rate of Rs 30 crores. The new campus is located within the heart of the new district headquarters of South 24 Parganas that has been planned at the Baruipur Township, that is being developed by the PWD.\"We have just paid Rs 10 crores and the remaining will be paid in instalments that have been agreed upon,\" Bhattacharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16583208", "title": "Polls: Obama opens up lead over Romney in key states", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama is apparently surging ahead of his Republican challenger Mitt Romney in the presidential race, as he extends a considerable lead in key battle ground states, a series of latest opinion polls have shown. But Romney campaign insists they are not worried by these latest polls.The latest Gallup tracking and Bloomberg polls results showed that Obama is leading over Romney by six points. The National Journal polls revealed Obama's lead by seven points, while he was leading by three points in a Politico poll. It's only the Rasmussen poll in which Obama and Romney are seen at a tie.Real Clear Politics which keeps track of all the recent national polls, Obama has lead of four points over Romney if the average of all these polls is taken.But the very fact that Obama's popularity exceeds 50% among likely voters in key battle ground states, has given a new boost to the Obama campaign ahead of the presidential elections which is a little over six week ahead.However, Romney said he's not worried about the new surveys. \"Polls go up and down, but frankly you're going to see the support that I need to become president on Election Day,\" he told the CNNin an interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16574642", "title": "Marriage is outdated: Mallika Sherawat", "text": "Mallika Sherawat is known for her bold image.The actress always pushed the envelop when it comes to social boundaries. Now, the actress makes a shocking statement and claims that the age old tradition of marriage is outdated.\"I don't think I will ever get married. I am busy shooting, I travel a lot. I never thought about marriage. I think getting married is so outdated,\" said Mallika.The actress stress on equal rights for women. \"I come from a conservative family. Girls are deprived of many things. They should be given equal freedom and I believe in supporting them,\" concluded Mallika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581517", "title": "Health infrastructure in suburbs needs shot in arm", "text": "MUMBAI: BMC's existing land use (ELU) plan, which will help formulate the 2014 development plan (DP), indicates a shortfall in the health infrastructure in the suburbs compared to the island city.According to the ELU survey, the area in the island city for the health infrastructure vis-a-vis the population is 111.1 hectares (ha), which is more than the required 64.37 ha.However, in western suburbs, the existing space for medical amenities vis-a-vis the population is 49.5 ha against the required 217.1 ha. There is a shortfall of 167.6 ha. Similarly, in eastern suburbs, the space is a dismal 28.8 ha, while the required is 150.59 ha- a shortfall of 121.79 ha.Health stakeholders, including Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI) and NGOs like Sneha, Childline India Foundation, Rangoonwala Foundation, Pukar, Yuva, CRY, CEHAT, CCDT, IIPS, and NSF Narotam conducted a study to identify amenities that are needed to meet National Urban Health Mission (NHUM) standards.\"The process involved considering the Census 2011 data of each ward population vis-a-vis the presence of BMC health posts, dispensaries, swasthya chowkies, maternity homes, post-partum centres, peripheral hospitals and general hospitals in each zone. The island city is well-serviced as compared to the suburbs. There are facilities that need to be provided and upgraded zone-wise and area-wise. BMC's health posts and dispensaries need to be upgraded to the standard of a Swasthya chowkie (like a day OPD). Maternity home and post-partum centres need to be upgraded to the level of a primary urban health centre,\" said Deepali Modi, UDRI, director.It was also suggested that the ELU indicates the location of medical clinics and dispensaries, which are located within residential, commercial or any other land use. This can be done by superimposing property tax data on the spatial (Geographic Information System) GIS data.\"This will provide a better understanding of demand for public versus paid healthcare and enable better spatial allocation of healthcare reservations. Medical facilities in slum areas must also be mapped,\" said Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581747", "title": "Mumbai college teachers wait for August pay", "text": "MUMBAI: The festive season has begun, but college teachers have little to smile about. For, they are yet to receive their August salaries.Sources point out that with only two days left for September to end, the teachers may get their August pay only in October.Highlighting the \"administrative apathy\", a representation of teachers has written to the state and planned a token protest if they do not get their salaries by October 1. \"Ganeshotsav is almost over, but there is still no respite for us. Earlier too, there were delays, but the problem has become severe now,\" said a teacher from a city college said.Teachers from over 100 city colleges were yet to get their salaries, said a source.The Bombay University and College Teachers' Union has condemned non-payment of the August salaries. \"Most teachers in other parts of the state have got their salaries. Even the cash component of the arrears has been disbursed in other regions,\" said Madhu Paranjpe, general secretary. \"We are demanding the salaries for August and September on October 1 along with the first instalment of the cash component. Failing this, we will call for a token protest and ask the non-teaching staff union to join us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16583711", "title": "Apna Ghar sex abuse victim delivers baby girl", "text": "ROHTAK: A hearing and speech impaired 21-year-old woman, who was a victim of sexual exploitation at the notorious Apna Ghar shelter home in Rohtak, gave birth to a child at PGIMS, Rohtak, about 10 days ago.The matter, however, was kept under the wraps by officials investigating the case and the shelter home owners at Bhiwani, too, were at pains to keep the victim away from the media.The girl along with other inmates was shifted to the Swadhar shelter home at Bhiwani after the exposure of the sexual abuse scandal in Rohtak in May this year. Sources said the victim was taken to the Rohtak hospital after she developed labour pain and stayed there for three days. She delivered a girl child on September 16 at 9.29pm. The infant had a normal weight of 2.6kg at birth.PGIMS medical superintendent Ashok Chauhan said the mother and the infant were discharged two days after the delivery and were in healthy condition. A CBI team from Chandigarh, which is investigating the case, also took blood samples of the infant for DNA test to establish her paternity.Following a raid by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) at the Apna Ghar shelter home in Rohtak on May 9, police had registered a case against NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh owner Jaswanti Devi and her daughter Simmi, brother Jaswant Singh , son-in-law Jai Bhagwan , cousins Satish Kumar and Sheila Devi, counsellor Veena Devi, retired sub-inspector Bhim Singh Ranga, Chand Singh and Pappu.During the raid, several girls had told the NCPCR members about sexual abuse of inmates at the Apna Ghar, including that of the deaf and dumb girl, allegedly by the male accomplices of Jaswanti Devi. The CBI now would try to establish whether any of the accused had fathered the child.Doctors at the Rohtak civil hospital had failed to detect pregnancy of the deaf and dumb girl during a medical examination after the NCPCR raid. It was around one month later when the girl fainted at the shelter home in Bhiwani, the doctors detected her pregnancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16583085", "title": "New India-Pakistan visa regime may come into force next month", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recently-signed liberalized visa agreement between India and Pakistan is likely to be operationalised sometime next month. Modalities are being worked out to bring the new visa regime into effect simultaneously in both the countries in such a way that it can be formalized jointly by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik .One of the options is to issue 'group' visa to citizens of both countries at the same time and have the first batch of visitors from India and Pakistan welcomed by Shinde and Malik jointly in a function at Wagah border post.The new visa agreement \u2014 introducing for the first time group tourist and pilgrim visas and separate visas for businessmen \u2014 was signed early this month during the visit foreign minister SM Krishna to Islamabad.Sources said India had earlier planned to operationalize at least the group visa component of the agreement by notifying the rules on October 1 with other parts of the pact being taken up in a staggered manner over the month. Pakistan also had, more or less, a similar plan, they added.But now, officials are working to notify the rules for all components of the new visa agreement in one go and make it operational in both the countries simultaneously.\"Using the opportunity of attending the function by Shinde and Malik, both the leaders may hold a dialogue at the venue to discuss issues concerning India and Pakistan,\" an official said.The new visa pact has replaced the 38-year-old restrictive visa agreement and has paved the way for time-bound visa approval and greater people-to-people contacts and boost trade.While there was no time-frame for issuance of non-diplomatic visas, the new pact says visa has to be issued within a period not exceeding 45 days of application. Under the new regime, one can visit five places instead of three at present and those above 65 years of age and children below 12 years and \"eminent\" businessmen are exempt from police reporting.The new group tourist visa will be issued for not less than 10 people and not more than 50 people. This visa will be valid for 30 days and will have to be applied through tour operators registered by the two governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582793", "title": "Absconding accused in murder case held", "text": "KOCHI: Police on Thursday arrested an accused in a murder case, who has been absconding for the last six years after coming out of jail on bail.The accused, identified as Jolly (40) of Pathanamthitta, was accused of murdering a migrant worker at a hotel in the city on November 5, 2006. Though he was arrested and presented before the court, the accused got bail from the court. Since then, he was reported absconding. The police patrolling team arrested the accused from Puthencruz in the city.Cops nab theft case suspect:Police on Thursday arrested a person wanted in connection with various vehicle theft cases reported in the city. The arrested has been identified as Nikhil alias Antony (24), of Vypeen. Police are on the look out for the accused in connection with the theft of two-wheelers from three areas in the city.Sewerage dumpers arrested:Two persons were arrested for dumping sewerage at a public place in the city. The arrested were identified as Sinto Varghese (28) of Neriyamangalam, and Kiran (24) of Thuravoor. Police said the duo was arrested while they were dumping sewerage from a tanker into a roadside canal near Ponnurunni early on Thursday. Police have seized the truck. The arrested were later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581585", "title": "Forest officer arrested for 5 lakh bribe", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau, Pune, on Thursday arrested forest range officer Vishwas Bhadale for accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh in a case pertaining to alleged encroachment on reserved forest land in Wanowrie.Bhadale's relative, Vilas Padval (57), was also arrested for accepting a part of the bribe money from the complainant, Imran Lakhani (24) of New Nana Peth, on the premises of the forest department office at Khadakmal on Thursday afternoon. Padval works at a private school in Shivajinagar.The forest officials had arrested Imran's father, Taufique, on September 22 after his name cropped up while interrogating builder Bharat Vohra (40), a resident of Kothrud, who was arrested on September 21, for constructing a six-storey building on the land.According to superintendent of police (ACB) Sarang Awad, Taufique Lakhani owned the piece of land (23 gunthas) since 2003. Lakhani sold the land to Vohra, who later constructed the building without any permission. The encroachment was discovered recently during an inspection conducted by forest officials.\"Investigations by forest officials revealed that Lakhani had shown his claim on the land with the help of forged documents. As the land was registered in the joint names of Lakhani and his wife, the forest officials registered an offence against the couple and arrested Lakhani on September 22,\" Awad said.While he was in the custody of the forest department, Lakhani had to be admitted to the Sassoon general hospital after he complained of chest pain. He was discharged from the hospital on September 25 and was again taken into custody by Bhadale. \"At that time, Bhadale had told Imran that he would have to arrest his mother, too, as she was the joint holder of the land,\" Awad said.When Imran urged Bhadale not to arrest his mother, he demanded Rs 5 lakh from him. \"On the instructions given by his father on Wednesday, Imran gave Rs 1 lakh to Bhadale at his office on the same day. After that, Bhadale told Imran that he would help him in the matter only after getting the remaining amount. Imran then came to the ACB office and lodged the complaint against Bhadale,\" Awad said.\"Our team laid a trap at Bhadale's office on Thursday and arrested Padval while accepting Rs 4 lakh on behalf of Bhadale,\" Awad said. In the meantime, Bhadale had taken Taufique to the court as his custody period ended on Thursday. We took Bhadale into custody from the premises of the court,\" Awad added.The ACB is also conducting searches at Bhadale's residence in Meghsparsh housing society in Bibvewadi.Forest officials have registered a separate offence against Taufique and two others under section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) of the Indian Penal Code. The complaint registered with the Samarth police station stated that when the forest officials had gone to Taufique's house to arrest him on September 22, he and his sons had assaulted them with sticks.\"We are investigating the case,\" said senior police inspector G V Nikam of the Samarth police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "the 'king of bhangra' daler mehndi is all set to recreate tunak euphoria as he performs at the largest youtube festival - youfest. the video of the song was created using the chroma technology or the green/blue screen video as it was called back then. the technology allowed the singer to super impose his image over various computer-generated backgrounds. tunak tunak became india's first chroma video. a few media houses came up with this analogy that daler mehndi is super hit because he has pretty women in his videos! in retaliation to the media's comment that the success of his videos depends only on the glam models featured in the videos, mehndi conceptualized the video featuring only him, just daler mehndi - and not 1 but 5. the 5th one a miniature daler mehndi, could not eventually find its way to the final edit 'coz of time constraints et el. daler choreographed the video by giving it yet another cult step just like he'd been giving all the albums in the past. the four daler mehndi in the video represented the four elements out of five - air, water, fire, &amp; earth. now as the tunak express reaches youfest, it is believed that the euphoria that the video created decade back is going to be explode live on the stage of matadero madrid and la riviera and guaranteed to get the crowd captured by tunak magic! so let the tunak calebrations unfold with daler mehndi's electrifying performances as he performs as the only indian artist at youfest, spain. source", "code": "16585831", "title": "Daler Mehndi to recreate Tunak Euphoria", "text": "The 'King of Bhangra' Daler Mehndi is all set to recreate Tunak Euphoria as he performs at the Largest Youtube festival - Youfest. The video of the song was created using the chroma technology or the Green/Blue screen video as it was called back then. The technology allowed the singer to super impose his image over various computer-generated backgrounds. Tunak Tunak became India's first chroma video. A few media houses came up with this analogy that Daler Mehndi is Super hit because he has pretty women in his videos! In retaliation to the media's comment that the success of his videos depends only on the glam models featured in the videos, Mehndi conceptualized the video featuring only him, Just Daler Mehndi - and not 1 but 5. The 5th one a miniature Daler Mehndi, could not eventually find its way to the final edit 'coz of time constraints et el. Daler choreographed the video by giving it yet another cult step just like he'd been giving all the Albums in the past. The four Daler Mehndi in the video represented the four elements out of five - air, water, fire, &amp; earth. Now as the Tunak express reaches Youfest, it is believed that the euphoria that the video created decade back is going to be explode live on the stage of Matadero Madrid and La Riviera and guaranteed to get the crowd captured by Tunak magic! So let the Tunak Calebrations unfold with Daler Mehndi's electrifying performances as he performs as the only Indian Artist at YouFest, Spain. Source: dalermehndi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16582046", "title": "Thangadh killings: Anger rages in Surendra nagar", "text": "RAJKOT: The anger among dalits over the killing of three youths of their community in Thangadh continues to simmer. On Thursday, tension mounted in Surendranagar town where thousands of dalit community members gathered and held a rally to condemn the killings.A mob also shattered glasses of a state transport (ST) bus and many even forced shopkeepers to down their shutters in the town. Thousands of dalits joined a rally from Dr B R Ambedkar statue to district collector's office and vented their ire against chief minister Narendra Modi and junior home minister Praful Patel.They shouted slogans against Modi and Patel, accusing them of not taking immediate action the culprits and later even burnt their effigies. Also, Wadhwan and Patdi towns observed a complete shutdown to express their solidarity with the community.Three dalit youths -- Pankaj Sumra (16), Mehul Rathod (17), Prakash Parmar (26) -- were killed and one was seriously injured in police firing in Thangadh on September 22 and 23.Dalit leaders have also demanded the immediate release of six of their community who were arrested by police in connection with complaints filed by Thangadh police. They were booked for attempt to murder among other charges. The six dalits are under judicial custody in Surendranagar jail.Slogans like \"They are not criminals. They are innocent. They should be released soon'' rented the air in Surendrangar.As soon as protest rally marched towards collector office, angry youths started asking shopkeepers on main road to shut their shops and many were shut down forcefully. They also forced passengers to alight from the ST bus at pick up stand and then ransacked the bus.The community is on boil despite state CID (crime) lodging a complaint against two police sub-inspectors K P Jadeja and Bharatsinh Solanki and head constables Yogesh Gadhvi and Nathubha Andubha for murder, criminal conspiracy and atrocities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581663", "title": "3 held for youth's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrantwadi police on Thursday claimed to have solved the murder of an 18-year-old youth following the arrest of three suspects within 12 hours.The police arrested Avinash Dhanave (21) of Charholi, and Mayur Madke (19) and Prashant Lokre (19) both of Alandi Devachi for murdering Raj Shekhar Waghmare of Alandi Road.Raj's body was found on Alandi Road on Wednesday night around 9 pm.Raj's father Shekhar Waghmare, who was district unit president of Akhil Bharatiya Sena (ABS), was also murdered on July 15, 2010 at Shivajinagar following a dispute over money.Senior police inspector Motichand Rathod said that Raj's throat had been slit and he also had injuries made with some sharp weapon on his face. \"We found two motorcycles near the body. We ascertained the identity of the deceased with the help of the registration number of the motorcycle,\" Rathod said.When questioned, Raj's mother suspected the involvement of Dhanave and his accomplices. She told the police that around 10 days back, the suspect had come to their house and threatened Raj. \"We sent teams and nabbed the trio,\" Rathod said.Investigations have revealed that on Wednesday evening, Raj had a heated exchange with one Mayur Gadade. \"Following this, around 8 pm Madke and Lokre took Raj with them on the pretext of having a talk and assaulted him to death,\" Rathod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16586175", "title": "Three killed in Sivakasi cracker unit fire", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Barely three weeks after the ghastly fire accident at a fireworks manufacturing unit that claimed 39 lives in Sivakasi, another explosion occurred in the fireworks hub of the country killing three people on Friday morning.The three were working in an unauthorized cracker unit functioning in a house at Periyakarisalkulam village, about 25 kilometres from Virudhunagar district headquarters. The three workers - all men aged about 40 years - were busy making the fireworks, when an apparent friction in the chemicals sparked an explosion, killing them on the spot. No one was injured, but the house suffered extensive damages.The explosion has given a jolt to the officialdom as they were facing heat to regularize the fireworks industry and enforce safety mechanisms in the wake of the accident on Sept 5 at a fireworks manufacturing unit at Mudhalipatti village near Sivakasi. In the ongoing raids at the 700 odd authorised cracker units in the district, the officials have found violation of safety norms in as many as 50 units and issued stop work notices.Today's explosion has once again brought to light the fact that cracker manufacturers are adopting illegal means to comply with the orders placed for Diwali. Some of the cracker manufacturers have outsourced the work to villagers who do it in their backyard.\"It was an illegal unit. Since we had tightened our grip on authorized fireworks manufacturing unit and are conducting frequent inspections, the cracker manufacturers have apparently moved it to villages,\" Virudhunagar district revenue officer R Raju said. \"The three workers were involved in making crackers in a house. We will have to conduct combing operation in rural areas to prevent such accidents,\" said the officer. The owner of the house, Chellapandian, who is suspected to have employed the three workers is on the run.Madurai District Fire Officer K Karupaiah, holding additional charge of Virudhunagar said that the accident occurred around 10 am and the fire has been put out. \"Friction of chemicals used in cracker manufacturing could have caused the explosion. Even a small friction could spark a fire,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582822", "title": "Jaipur land auction yields civic body Rs 235 crore", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) made history on Thursday by earning a record Rs 235 crore through auction of land near Bais Godam.The civic body auctioned 15,208 sq m of land that it recently took over from Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL). The highest bid received for the land was Rs 1,54,950 per sq m. A Kolkata-based firm, Star Commosales and a businessman from Sriganganagar jointly made the bid.JDA, director (finance), D C Janwara, said, \"This is the biggest land auction price ever received by the JDA. Twenty companies from across the country participated in the auction. The bidding started from Rs 75,000 per square meter.\"Before this, the highest revenue earned by JDA through land auction was approximately 35 crore. \"We have auctioned 4,000 square metre property and the highest bid price received for the land was Rs 89,000 per sq m. So far, we have received a highest bid of Rs 1,15,000 per square meter for a plot in Lal Kothi,\" an official said.JDA on Thursday also put the adjoining 4, 600 square meters under the hammer. However, it was not sold and the authorities plan to re- auction the plot. \"The highest bid received for the land was 1.32 lakh per square feet. The land cannot be sold as the adjoining land has gone for a much higher price. We will re- auction the land before Diwali,\" the official said.According to the officials, the owners will develop a housing colony and a 5 star hotel on the land. In 1957 the land was provided to BPCL on a lease for 30 years. The lease expired in 1987 and the JDA refused to extend the lease and claimed possession. The company approached the court and after a long legal battle a settlement was made out of court recently. A senior official said, \"The settlement has been done after providing 2,473 square metres to the company. The possession of 21,384 square metres will remain with the company petrol pump.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582493", "title": "Policeman suspended for ignoring eve-teasing plaints", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the recent spurt in eve-teasing incidents has left the city police with egg on its face, the men in khaki refuse to get their act together. On Thursday, Manimajra police station assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Devinder Kumar was suspended with immediate effect. He had failed to register an FIR and act against eve-teasers despite a Sector 42 college student approaching the police station twice to lodge a complaint. The woman had approached the cop with eve-teasers' motorcycle number after being harassed by them on September 21. But her complaint had fallen on deaf ears. A week later on Wednesday, she was again harassed by the friends of the accused while she was on her way home in Manimajra. Again she went to the police, but this time too, no complaint was lodged. A relative of the woman said, \"Though she gave cops the miscreants' bike number, they refused to act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16581834", "title": "Sporting Spirit: Deepika Kumari to support Unicef", "text": "RANCHI: Making a comeback with a silver in World Archery Championship in Tokyo after the Olympics, ace archer Deepika Kumari who is also the celebrity Unicef supporter, ruled out any difference with coach or team members who participated in the Olympics. Talking to media after visiting deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato on a courtesy call, the youngest world archer from the state said that she was happy about her comeback, though with a silver medal.Deepika admitted that the mental pressure was more during the Olympics than what she had experienced during the world championship in Tokyo. \"I am still learning to improve and would have ample opportunities to learn from my own mistakes,\" she said. When asked to compare the facilities available to the archers in India with that of the developed nations, Deepika said, \"I have said this repeatedly that in foreign countries kids start training with the coaches from a very young age, whereas here we pick up late and, therefore, take longer to understand the finer aspects.\"Mahato after congratulating her for the victory in Tokyo assured full cooperation in future endeavours and urged everyone to ignore the initial debacle in her first Olympics. \"We are happy that she is gaining back her original form,\" he said.Earlier in the day, Jharkhand Unicef roped in Deepika as the celebrity supporter for ensuring rights of children. Attending a special programme organised by the state Unicef office, Deepika said, \"I have a special place for children, especially those who are disadvantaged and I am fortunate to be in a position where I can make a difference to their lives.\" State chief Unicef Jharkhand Job Zachariah said that the organisation was proud to welcome Deepika as celebrity supporter in their work to ensure the good health and education of children and to create a protective environment. \"She is an icon for the youth and enjoys tremendous recognition across the country. Her support to UNICEF will help in promoting survival, development and protection of children in Jharkhand,\" he said.An Arjuna awardee and ace archer, who grabbed the world number one place in Women's Recurve Archery at the young age of 18 in 2012, she is now in the list of renowned sportsperson, musicians and film artists who've served as Unicef goodwill ambassadors. \"As a supporter, Deepika joins a distinguished list of personalities who serve on behalf of world's children,\" Zachariah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582973", "title": "Sohrabuddin fake encounter: Amit Shah's trial shifted to Mumbai", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday rejected the CBI's plea for cancellation of former Gujarat minister Amit Shah's bail in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case but transferred the trial to Mumbai while indicting the Narendra Modi government for attempting to mislead the court by hiding the link of this case to the extra-judicial killing of Tulsiram Prajapati.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai said it was reluctant to cancel the bail granted to Shah two years ago by the high court. While issuing notice on October 31, 2010, on the CBI's plea for cancellation of Shah's bail, the SC had asked the former Gujarat minister to stay away from his home state.\"Had it been an application for grant of bail to Amitbhai Shah, it is hard to say what view the Supreme Court might have taken but the considerations for cancellation of bail granted by the high court are materially different and in this case, we feel reluctant to deprive Amitbhai Shah of the privilege granted to him by the high court,\" said Justice Alam, who wrote the judgment for the bench.But the bench was not unmindful of the CBI's apprehension that Shah could try to influence witnesses or tamper with evidence as it directed him to report to the agency every alternate Saturday and clarified that grant of bail to him would not be a precedent for the trial court while considering the bail plea of other accused in the case.The court also clarified that transfer of trial was no reflection on the Gujarat judiciary's competence and fairness to hold trial in the two cases. \"The decision to transfer the case is not a reflection on the state judiciary and it is made clear that this court reposes full trust in the judiciary of the state,\" it said.\"As a matter of fact, the decision to transfer the case outside the state is intended to save the trial court in the state from undue stress and to avoid any possible misgivings in the minds of the ordinary people about the case getting a fair trial in the state,\" the bench said.But the indictment of Gujarat government and its police in trying to resist a comprehensive CBI probe into the Sohrabuddin fake encounter, its link to alleged gangster Prajapati's killing and the larger conspiracy was palpable.The bench said, \"Among the number of reasons that weighed with the court to ask the CBI to investigate the killings of Sohrabuddin and his wife, even after the submission of charge-sheet by the Gujarat Police was the trenchant refusal by the state of Gujarat and the state police to see any connection between the killings of Sohrabuddin and his wife and the killing of Tulsiram Prajapati.\"The court said it noticed from the CBI investigations that the Prajapati case too followed the same pattern as the Sohrabuddin case.\"Initially, there was complete denial by the state that he was killed in any kind of a fake encounter. But when it became impossible to deny that the story of the encounter was false, an investigation was swiftly made by Gujarat Police and charge-sheet was submitted,\" it said.\"On the basis of the charge-sheet, on the one hand an attempt was made to proceed with and conclude the trial proceedings as quickly as possible and on the other hand, this court was told that after submission of the charge-sheet, it was denuded of the authority to direct any further investigation,\" the bench said.\"There was, thus, clearly an attempt not to allow the full facts to come to light in connection with the two cases. Further, in the Prajapati case, the state insisted till the end that though he too was killed in a fake encounter, there was no connection between his killing and the killings of Sohrabuddin and his wife, Kausarbi,\" the bench said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16581928", "title": "Filling potholes: Nashik civic body satisfied with cold mix technique, to float tenders soon", "text": "NASHIK: A month after using the cold mix technique to fill potholes, the NMC has found it to be durable and has decided to call for tenders to use the technique in the future.The technology, used in Mumbai for long lasting repair works of potholes particularly during the monsoon, was used by the NMC on a trial basis over a month ago. The civic body had declared that it would check the feasibility of the cold mix used after a month. Accordingly, the cold mix has proved useful.The hot mix that is used to construct and repair roads cannot be used during the rainy season. And the quality of gravel, sand and murum that are used to fill potholes during the rainy season are not up to the mark. Taking this into consideration, the municipal commissioner had announced use of the new technology.On a trial basis, the cold mix with polymerized modifier was used to fill potholes on Gangapur Road, from Modern Cafe towards Gangapur, near Hotel Panchvati Elite on Trimbak Road and from Raviwar Karanja to Raje Bahadur petrol pump and beyond.\"We have checked the durability of cold mix and have decided to adopt it in case of emergency situations this year or use it next year. Within eight days we will float tenders for the same,\" said a senior engineer of the NMC's public works department.Though the cost of this technology is four times the normal method of constructing or repairing roads, the engineer said that this technology has a good life and there is no effect of rainwater on the material. \"That is why we have decided to go ahead with it and give it on a contract basis,\" added the engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16581711", "title": "Sindri roads in deplorable condition", "text": "SINDRI: Roads, it is said, bring prosperity to an area. But in Sindri it has become synonymous with accidents and misery. The condition of Sindri roads has become so deplorable that residents term it 'adventurous' if someone is found walking on them, especially after the dusk.The situation has deteriorated to such an extent that news of accidents and bikes and scooters turning turtle after failing to negotiate deep ditches keep pouring in on a regular basis. Three youths returned home with fractured limbs in last fortnight alone when they failed to notice a deep ditch in front of the church on the main road here.The condition of road from BIT hostel to Sindri police station is so poor that driving on them gives a terrifying experience. \"Visiting the Sindri market is more difficult for us than visiting Dhanbad owing to bad roads,\" said a professor of BIT Sindri recently.\"My wife went for morning walk and fell down when she could not cross one of the ditches,\" said R C Prasad, a former official of the fertilizer factory. He informed that many of his elderly colleagues met with accidents near Tal-talla Kali Puja Sthan near main market due to water logging in the ditches.The Dhanbad Municipal Corporation (DMC) should take up the job of repairing the damaged roads without further delay.Sindri township has about 80 km of colony roads. After the Sindri fertilizer factory was declared sick in 1992, it stopped spending money on repairing roads and upkeep of the township. No major investment has been made on Sindri roads in last two decades, thereby, making the roads all the more difficult to negotiate both for motorists and pedestrians. Plying of heavy vehicles has made the situation worse.When asked, GM in-charge of fertilizer factory and PDIL conceded that the condition of roads has become horrible in the town.He said he would request the Dhanbad district administration and the municipal corporation to repair Sindri roads on a priority basis.Ward councilor Ajanta Jha, when contacted, said despite repeated reminders, the DMC authorities were not paying heed to her demands on improving the condition of Sindri roads.A K Pandey, the chief town administrator of DMC, said he was aware of bad condition of Sindri roads and informed that the civic body would be repairing some of the roads in the near future. An amount of Rs eight crore has been earmarked for repairing roads in the entire municipal area, he added.Pandey informed that he had also directed the engineer concerned to ensure that repair work on portion of road already allotted to the contractor is completed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16583103", "title": "Delhi court orders FIR against MNS chief Raj Thackeray for hate speech", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Thursday directed the police to lodge an FIR against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray for allegedly branding Bihar natives as infiltrators in Mumbai and threatening them to throw out of the state.Metropolitan magistrate Neeraj Gaur's order came on a complaint by advocate Prem Shankar Sharma who said Thackeray's August 31 remarks, terming Bihar natives as infiltrators and threatening to throw them out of Maharashtra, are provocative and anti-national, for which an FIR must be lodged against him.In its action-taken-report over the complaint, the Delhi Police had earlier told the court that it was facing several legal hurdles in lodging the FIR against the MNS chief as neither the comments were made in the capital nor the newspapers which carried them are printed here. It claimed that neither the MNS office is situated in the jurisdiction of Subzi Mandi police station nor any such statement has been made by Thackeray in a place under the jurisdiction of the police station. The investigating officer, however, had said the police is ready and willing to abide by the court's direction on the issue.The police had also said \"the news causing hurt to the complainant has been printed in Noida and Sahibabad, UP. Hence, the complaint has been forwarded to SSP Ghaziabad for necessary action at their end.\"Sharma had said in his complaint that \"Thackeray's August 31 remarks that Bihar natives who have been living in Mumbai, shall be kicked out of the state, were defaming and his provocative statement is against national integration as the Constitution has given all citizens the right to live anywhere in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16583385", "title": "Lightning kills two in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Two persons were killed in separate incidents of lightning strike in Haveri district on Thursday.Dilleppa Maradi, 22, of Guttal village of Haveri taluk, died on Wednesday night. He was working in front of his house at Guttal when lightning struck him. Though he was immediately taken to Haveri district hospital, he died on the way.In another case, Gangamma Kichadi, 26, of Hulihalli died of lightning strike at Ranebennur on Thursday afternoon.Ganagamma, along with other workers, including her husband, was working in her field when the accident occurred. Two women escaped with minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581613", "title": "Now, home buyers can repay in 30 years", "text": "PUNE: 'Borrow now, repay at leisure' seems to be the new refrain for aspiring home buyers as leading banks gear up to improve their retail credit portfolio by making home loans attractive with longer repayment periods and lower EMIs.Housing loans bellwether State Bank of India has fired the first salvo by announcing home loans with a 30-year repayment period -- the longest any bank has offered in India's banking history. The new scheme reduces the equated monthly installment (EMI) for the customer, as compared with the EMI he would pay if the repayment period was the normal 20 years the banks offer.A 30-year loan will typically entail an EMI of Rs 889 (for Rs 1 lakh) with 10.15% interest rate as against an EMI of Rs 975 for the same loan with a 15-year term.\"We intend to attract young professionals in their mid- twenties with the promise of a low EMI which means his monthly outgo will be low. This will induce him into making a decision to buy a house of his own,\" SBI Deputy General Manager for home loans Giridhar Kini told TOI. The present average age of home loan customers is 35 which does not allow banks to extend repayment period beyond 20 years. Kini said the decision (to extend loan repayment period to 30 years) also gives banks the flexibility in the days of rising interest rates to offer extension of loan tenure keeping the same EMI for existing customers.Starting September, the Bank of Maharashtra too has started sanctioning home loans with 30-year repayment period. The bank's executive director C. VR. Rajendran said that the new scheme will reduce the burden of EMI in the initial period and encourage youngsters to opt for housing loans at an early age. \"The bank has taken care of the long-term aspect of long term repayment in its assets-liability management planning so there will be no problem even if we don't have such long deposit tenures,\" Rajendran said. It has been the bank's constant endeavour to capture young professional and add them to the client base, and this scheme will give a boost to that effort, Rajendran added.R Karthik, chief marketing officer of realty developer Lodha Group, said, \"Consumer sentiment will get a tremendous boost by the latest move. Assuming a loan of 80%, a change in tenure from 20 years to 30 years results in a decrease of more than 8% in EMI which translates into a substantial average saving per month for the home buyer.\"Housing finance companies (HFC), however, don't seem to be comfortable with the idea of extended repayment terms. Anil Kothuri, head of retail business at financial services group Edelweiss said, \"An extended repayment term of 30 years may bring marginal relief to the customer but we would not be adding any other value for him. Besides, our experience is that most customers don't go even the 20-year term we now offer and repay loans out of increased earnings and bonuses as now there's no penalty for early repayment. \"In overseas markets there are such long-term mortgages but the idea there is to only charge the interest, the principal repayment coming in bullets from bonuses or other windfalls such as gains on stock market,\" Kothuri added.Spokesperson of another HFC said that the average age of the borrower for his company is around 34, so a 30-year loan would take it much beyond the retirement age of the borrower. \"Even in case of a borrower who is say around 28 years, most of the borrowers in this age group will find it difficult at this age to have enough savings to pay up their contribution to buy a house which would be a minimum of 20% of cost plus stamp duty and registration fees. And also basic furnishing and cost of white goods to make the house livable which itself could be another 10%. Hence it may not be feasible at all.\"Sanjay Bajaj, managing director of Jones Lang LaSalle India said, \"With extended home loan repayment schedules, banks are targeting an anticipated response from a much wider cross-section of borrowers. It is to be expected that they will apply deeper and more exacting qualifying parameters, as their risk quotient also rises proportionately. The market response to this feature is likely to be quite favourable. Nevertheless, borrowers should study the fine print with higher vigilance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16583211", "title": "Chinese media mogul put on mat over graft", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese newspaper baron, acclaimed in the west for trying to make a difference in the highly controlled publishing industry, has been put on the mat by the ruling Communist Party's investigators.The official Xinhua news agency said Dai Yuqing, the former head of the newspaper group which controls 19 dailies and magazines, has been accused of taking bribes and abusing power between 2006 and 2011 to \"promote unqualified people and help others obtain ad contracts\". Although the group is owned by Guangzhou city government, Dai commanded huge influence during his five-year term as chairman.Seven employees at the paper and affiliated companies are also under investigation, Xinhua reported.The move appears to be part of the spring cleaning process taken up to give the party a cleaner image ahead of it 18th Congress to elect the president and the PM.The Guangzhou city discipline inspection commission said that it had sent two cases involving Dai and the city's former deputy police chief, He Jing to prosecutors. It accused He Jing of amassing huge wealth illegally, and maintaining several mistresses since his last posting as the chief of the Baiyun District Bureau of Public Security in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16582965", "title": "Students flock to foreign education fair", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Over 400 students aspiring to study abroad in their dream campuses had a rare opportunity to interact with varsity representatives here on Thursday.Representatives from top notch educational institutions such as Singapore Institute of Management, National College Ireland, Campus France, Southern Institute of Technology New Zealand and Anglia Ruskin University guided students during an education fair here.VDIEC Inc, a consulting agency for overseas education services, organized the event. Inaugurating the event, former Nalco CMD S K Tamotia said the endeavour will go a long way in helping Odia students realize their dream to study in offshore locales. \"I hope this fair would be a one-stop solution for students to find quality education so that they become employable,\" Tamotia said.He said after liberalisation in India, while the industry and service sector grew in leaps and bounds, the growth led to deterioration in the quality of education.As per recent findings, only 21% of the students who have completed their professional courses are employable, he said.The need of the hour is to have professionals of good caliber to meet the demands of the industry. Exchange programme of students and faculty members can be of great help to bring out good professionals, Tamotia added.Students attending the event described it as an eye-opener.\"When you talk to representatives of the institutions directly, you get to know a whole lot of things. Besides, it eliminates chances of getting cheated. The event was quite helpful,\" said an MBA aspirant.Vishal Dixit, CEO, VDIEC, said the fair was organised to facilitate students of Odisha explore opportunities abroad.\"We are providing information and guidance that will enable students to choose the right option,\" said Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581784", "title": "BMC paid Rs 110 crore to consultants in last 3 years, reveal records", "text": "MUMBAI: In the last three years, the BMC paid Rs 110 crore to private consultants for various projects, the civic body's records revealed. However, most of these projects are far from complete.Data from the BMC's finance department showed that over 65 consultants are currently working on civic projects. In 2009-2010, a sum of Rs 51.8 crore was paid to consultants, the figure was Rs 38 crore and Rs 20.2 crore in 2010-2011 and 2011-2012.\"Rather than spending money on them (consultants) the BMC should undertake intensive training programmes for its engineers,\" said corporator Rais Shaikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583207", "title": "MCC hopes to get back autonomy", "text": "CHENNAI: The University Grants Commission has decided to hold back approval for extension of the autonomous status for Madras Christian College based on the recommendations of the standing committee that visited the college in July. But, after a National Assessment and Accreditation Council team's visit earlier this week the college authorities are hopeful of retaining the status.Principal R W Alexander Jesudasan said, \"The UGC sent a letter this month asking us to submit the NAAC reaccreditation form and our financial statements. We sent the documents. The NAAC team's visit for reaccreditation is also over, so the situation is not alarming.\" The college has not received any communication from the UGC about the denial of extension of the college's autonomous status, he added.A senior University of Madras professor said, \"the university thinks many times before removing affiliation. I don't expect the autonomy status to be removed so quickly.\" MCC faculty said the administration had apprised them of the situation and that it hoped to get the autonomy soon. Some students appeared to be disturbed, but calmed down after the management explained the situation.In the early 1980s, MCC was among the first in the state to get autonomous status. Tamil Nadu is among the states with the most number of autonomous institutions, with more than 140 granted such status so far. The status of some institutions has expired, and unless both NAAC and the UGC move quickly to clear the application backlog more institutions are bound to face MCC's predicament, academics said.The UGC has also kept on hold extension of autonomy status for the Bharathidasan Government College for Women affiliated to Pondicherry University. It extended autonomous status for 27 colleges, including MOP Vaishnav College for Women, Quaid-e-Milleth Government College for Women and Presidency College in Chennai, and granted new autonomy status to 15 colleges, including five in Tamil Nadu.When considering autonomy, academics said, the UGC looks at the financial status of a college and whether it can survive on its own. The standing committee inspects the physical infrastructure, staff strength, financial position and strength of the academic council while considering autonomy. An institution denied autonomy could lose UGC grants, freedom to start new courses and to collaborate with other institutions without prior permission from the parent university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16582061", "title": "Only 1/3 high security plates installed on Gurgaon cars", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the district administration has made it mandatory for owners of new vehicles to show a proof that they have installed High Security Registration Number Plates (HSRP) on their vehicles for registration certificate (RC), the direction has failed to stop pile-up of plates at the affixation centre of the service provider.Since July 12 when the scheme was launched in Gurgaon, the private company assigned the duty has %issued 7,000 HSRPs. But only 2,500 have been fixed so far. The private agency blames car dealers for the present scenario.\"The reason for this dismal record is that only receipt from the affixation centre is required to obtain an RC from the transport department. Due to this, car dealers are getting the registration of HSRPs done in bulk after paying the fee and showing it to the transport department. Once the RCs are issued, neither car dealers nor owners show any interest in getting these number plates intalled. The processing time for installing plates is four days, so it is easier to get an ordinary number plate,\" said Arvind Sharda, general manager of Link Utsav Registration Plates, the company given the HSRP tender in Haryana.To ensure compliance of the Supreme Court's order regarding HSRPs on vehicles, the administration has put an end to delivering RCs through speed post. However, driving licences will continue to be sent through speed post as was done earlier. Sharda said that one affixation centre has been set up at e-disha centre at Mini secretariat, which is getting 250-300 HSRP requests per day. He added that for the convenience of people, the centre is open on weekends as well.Regional transport secretary Dharmendra Singh said the department is not issuing any challans for missing HSRPs so far. \"The scheme is in initial stage. Once everything is put in place, we will start issuing challns for non-compliance,\" he said.The centre is facing a space crunch problem and there is a plan to provide better office space for this purpose at a venue like Leisure valley, said Singh. Sharda said a total of 77,000 HSRPs has been issued all over Haryana since the scheme was launched in the state. Out of this, 45,000 plates have already been installed. But there is a backlog of 32,000 plates in 21 centres across the state.\"Issuing challan is a good option in this case for making people follow the rule,\" he said. Transport department officials revealed that the procedure of getting the HSRPs will remain the same for old vehicles. Initially, the project will cover only new vehicles and gradually cover old vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16583938", "title": "Tulsi trouble awaits Amit Shah", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As his supporters cheered the Supreme Court decision to allow Amit Shah , an accused in Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, to enter Gujarat, there were many who fear that the joy may be short-lived. A former minister of state for home, Shah faces arrest in a related case, Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter, where he is charged with murder and conspiracy .On the day the apex court rejected CBI's plea to cancel Shah's bail, the central investigating agency left no stone unturned to file a chargesheet in a special CBI court in Ahmedabad.On Tuesday, the CBI counsel told the special CBI magistrate that the agency intended to file the chargesheet in the Tulsiram encounter case on Wednesday. This was after their bid to file the probe report in a magisterial court in Danta in Banaskantha, where Tulsiram was killed, was annulled by the Gujarat high court. The HC quashed Danta judicial magistrate Geeta Ahir's decision that she had jurisdiction over the CBI case.On Wednesday, CBI sleuths rushed to Danta court with the HC order to speed up the process and obtain necessary orders from the court to arrest the accused, including Shah. CBI officials were sent to Palanpur for further formalities. The CBI now is likely to complete the process on Thursday.Meanwhile, lawyers and Shah's supporters continued to wait for the day at the court campus in Ahmedabad for the chargesheet to be filed. This is important for Shah: either CBI may seek a non-bailable warrant for Shah and other chargesheeted persons who are not yet arrested or the court on its own may summon them after perusal of the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16582657", "title": "17 dengue cases in 20 days", "text": "LUDHIANA: After monsoon packed its bags, dengue has reared its ugly head, with 17 cases being reported in the last 20 days. The present high humidity levels (around 85%) and fall in temperature are providing mosquitoes favourable conditions to breed.Dr Anil Verma, epidemiologist at civil surgeon office, said, \"As many as 26 dengue cases were reported till September 7. And thereafter, 17. There is no need to panic, as required steps are being taken to check it. Besides, this year, the number of cases (43) has been quite less as compared to the last year (1,662). There have been no casualties too. In 2011, the disease had claimed 23 lives. Then, there was a sudden increase in the cases from mid-September to October-end, following which these went down.\" Civil surgeon Dr Subhash Batta said, \"Advanced measures have been taken to check dengue. But our efforts are incomplete without the cooperation of residents. People should ensure that water does not stand for long and coolers are cleaned properly.\" Stressing that the cases are likely to go up, Dr Kanwal Masih, medical superintendent and pathologist at Christian Medical College and Hospital, said, \"Mosquitoes breed fast after last week of September till November due to the favourable temperature and humidity levels.\" About its symptoms, Dr Gautam Aggarwal, senior consultant in medicine at SPS Apollo Hospital, said, \"High grade fever along with backache, body ache and redness in eyes are the common symptoms. These might also be accompanied by vomiting, pain in abdomen and generalized redness of body. If fever continues for four to five days, a patient should immediately visit a doctor.\" On its treatment, he added, \"Antipyretics are prescribed for fever and platelet transfusion is required if the count is around 50,000.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581728", "title": "Bag creates panic at New Delhi railway station", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was panic at the Paharganj side of New Delhi railway station when some passengers and taxi-drivers spotted an unclaimed bag near the escalator. Police cordoned off a portion of the Paharganj exit and the bomb disposal squad was called in, said northern Railway spokesperson. The chaos lasted for around hour-an-hour, sources added.The bag was finally traced to a 35-year-old Nigerian, Martin Blair and he is currently under investigation, police said. Blair was not carrying his passport or any other travel document. Moreover, the electronic device was actually a safe that tricksters use to fool people in the infamous 'Black Dollar scams'.The incident was reported at around 10.50am on Thursday, said sources. \"Many passengers were entering and exiting the station when some drivers noticed a bag with a metallic thing protruding from it. Immediately, the taxi drivers and other passengers alerted two cops standing nearby and informed an PRF personal. The Nigerian was then traced and taken for questioning,'' said a senior railway officer.According to DCP (crime and railways) Sanjay Jain, the suspect has been arrested under Section 14 of the Foreigners Act after he failed to show either his passport or any of his travelling documents to police.\"Blair's baggage was checked and no explosives were found in it. It was a dud electronic safe that is used by tricksters to fool natives by offering them black notes in the name of American dollars and claiming that they will assume form after being treated with chemical. However, the Nigerian has denied that the bag belongs to him and police officers are unable to find any link between him and the bag,'' said a station official.According to police, the Nigerian is refusing to co-operate, making it difficult to investigate the case. \"He has so far claimed that he came to India this year for business reasons and refused to comment on his lodgings in the country. He has not produced any travel document also. Immigration officials and the Nigerian embassy have been contacted to carry out a background check of the man. More information is expected by Friday,'' said an investigating officer.Meanwhile, the railway police and the RPF have claimed that they are happy with their eyes and ears \u2014 taxi and auto drivers \u2014 as they noticed the unattended bag. \"For a station that handles over 5 lakh passengers every day during peak season, this is a major achievement,'' said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581137", "title": "'NCP's internal strife' leaves Chavan stronger within Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has leveraged the political crisis arising out of Ajit Pawar's resignation to consolidate his position within the party. With the Congress gaining in the tug-of-war with its ally, which it describes as 'the result of an internal strife in the NCP', all speculations over his ouster as chief minister have died down for now.Before Pawar's resignation, talk was rife in political circles that Chavan was set to return to the Centre, with party detractors questioning his \"style of functioning\". However, sources said support for him has swelled in the party as the NCP was pushed to the wall in the current political crisis. Episodes of NCP workers burning posters and effigies of Chavan after Pawar's resignation also worked to the CM's advantage. The Congress has already conveyed its displeasure over the incidents to the NCP.Even on Wednesday, about 40 party legislators had met Chavan.During an \"unofficial\" party meeting at Chavan's residence on Thursday, state party president Manikrao Thakre, senior party leaders Shivajirao Deshmukh and Shivajirao Nilengekar Patil said it was imperative that party legislators stand behind Chavan. While Chavan clarified his stand on the demand for a white paper, he refuted allegations that he had targeted Pawar and the NCP on irrigation. \"I have nothing to do with this,\" he told legislators in the meeting. It was also decided that only Chavan and Thakre would brief the press on developments. \"The party stands firmly behind Chavan and the government,\" Thakre said after the meeting.Extending an olive branch to NCP, Thakre also asked legislators to ensure party workers exercise restraint in responding to any show of emotions by Ajit Pawar's supporters. Claiming that the current crisis had not triggered \"any rift\" between the allies, Thakre said he hoped to resolve the issue through dialogue. He said the party expected the crisis to be resolved on Friday.Congress sources said the CM will take a final call on Ajit Pawar's resignation after a meeting with NCP leader Sharad Pawar on Friday, who will also chair a meeting of the NCP legislative party. On Wednesday, Chavan had said he was yet to receive any formal communication from the NCP leadership on its ministers' resignations. Thakre too said the party high command was yet to issue any directives on Pawar's resignation. While Chavan has been unable to contact Ajit Pawar, party sources said Thakre was trying to interact with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mcleodganj", "code": "16583618", "title": "Tibetans want Indian citizenship, voting rights", "text": "McLEODGANJ: Tibetans living in exile in India have demanded Indian citizenship and the right to vote and also contest elections, which they feel, will strengthen their fight for Tibet. They have also demanded that their spiritual leader Dalai Lama be allowed to speak in Parliament on the lines of the UN and the US and Japanese Parliaments.While these demands were raised on Thursday during a convention here, they would be passed as resolutions on Friday, the last day of the meet. The meet, to discuss the issue of rising cases of self-immolations among Tibetans to protest Chinese oppression, has over 400 Tibetans participating from across the world.It was decided in the meeting on Thursday that these issues will be taken up with the government of India. Tibetans living in India, who have the status of \"foreigners\", have till now been demanding refugee status.\"Once we get voting rights, we can strongly lobby with the Indian government to take up the Tibet issue with China. We want Indian citizenship just like the US and Switzerland provides citizenship in their country. We will be taken seriously by political parties and the ruling government only when we become vote banks,\" said Sonam Dorjee, member of the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA), an umbrella body that encompasses even the Tibetan government-in-exile that operates from here.Delegates have also suggested creating a quota for Tibetan youth in government jobs and in various educational institutes in India.Those attending the meeting appealed to the Dalai Lama on Thursday to visit Tibet in the wake of a spurt in self-immolations by Tibetans in Lhasa and other parts of Tibet. There have been over 50 cases of self-immolation since 2009.Dalai Lama, along with his supporters, had left Tibet and taken refuge in India in 1959 following Chinese occupation.A delegation member, requesting not to be named, told TOI, \"Over 300 Tibetans, who are staying in Tibet, have sent their secret messages through various forums for the delegates. Many of them have expressed the desire that Dalai Lama should return to his homeland. They expressed that it was necessary to control self-immolations that is going on to protest against Chinese repression.\"Earlier, Dalai lama had expressed willingness to visit earthquake-hit areas in Tibet in 2010 but Beijing had turned down his request.Dalai Lama, who had officially renounced his political powers on May 30, 2011, is not attending this meeting. But he would attend a long life prayer service to be offered by the Tibetan Parliament to him on Friday morning at the main temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16580761", "title": "Burglars loot jewellery worth 20 lakh from shop", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars struck at a pawn broker's shop in Krishna Nagar in the city and walked away with Rs 20 lakh worth ornaments in the wee hours of Thursday. The Jubilee Hills police said the shutter of Heeralal Babulal Jewellery shop, a pawn broker-cum-jewellery shop in Krishna Nagar, was found cut and 25 kg of silver ornaments and unascertained number of gold ornaments were stolen.Though the shop has a grill, the burglars prised open the lock and cut through the shutter using gas cutters. Police suspect that the incident might have happened between 3 am and 5 am. \"The burglars left a chest in the shop untouched. They picked up only the ornaments kept on display,\" police said.Shop owner Ramesh Kumar Jain noticed the burglary when he went to open the store. \"Ramesh Kumar Jain went to the shop at around 7am. There was neither CCTV camera nor any security personnel. He is yet to ascertain the extent of gold missing since he claims that it includes his own jewellery and also that of his customers,\" police added.It is the second incident in the last 10 days where burglars used the same modus operandi to gain entry into a jewellery shop by using gas cutters. Last week, burglars had targeted a jewellery shop in KPHB and burnt a hole in the shop's shutter using gas cutters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16583807", "title": "Three held for selling cow dung powder", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three persons were arrested for selling cow dung powder (chemical dyes- malachite green and auramine O) on Thursday and the police have seized 25 kgs of cow dung powder from them.The trio was identified as S Ganeshan, 47, V Purushothaman, 44 and N A Padmanaban, 60, from RG Street in the city. Police said, they were engaged in chemical powder selling business and kept the cow dung powder at their shops for selling to the public. Police seized 10 kgs each from Ganeshan and Padmanaban and 5 kgs from Purushothaman. The trio has been lodged in Coimbatore Central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16585659", "title": "'Art of living' course to tackle stress for cops in Naxal affected Gadchiroli district", "text": "NAGPUR: Gadchiroli district police and centre for human development joined hands to organize a 'Art of Living' course at the district headquarters last week for the personnel engaged in the stressful task of countering the Naxals.Around 500 police officials and personnel, along with their kin, were offered the basic (Part-I) course of the Art of Living. The men, participating in the camp, were motivated with rewards and positive entries in their yearly record of work by the seniors.The initiative was undertaken to ensure a better stress management for the force which is faced with the grave task of having to nullify armed guerillas in the forested region.Apart from the strain of the work, the stress of having to remain on high alert round the clock with minimum margin of error have been the hallmark of police duty in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli where casualties of the security forces are common.The work also entails living in hostile and inhospitable terrain where the officials and personnel are compelled to stay without their families for long duration.Viewing the rigorous schedule of the duties and strainful activities, the district police is learnt to have tried to welcome a large chunk of their force to participate in the stress management camp which was being held under the supervision of AOL guide Sushant Bhaiyya.Gadchiroli SP Mohammed Suvez Haque said that the stressful routine may pave the way for allurement for various addictions among the personnel which would lead to negative effect on health.SP Haque advocated the Art of living course and its various methods for increasing focus, concentration and increase mental strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16581301", "title": "What the govt will not talk about at CoP-11", "text": "HYDERABAD: Notwithstanding the many hoardings waxing eloquent about respecting biodiversity, there is little that the state government can showcase as being its attempts to conserve Andhra Pradesh's rich biodiversity. While there are many presentations scheduled during the meet that would highlight the state's many initiatives to protect nature, the ground reality is far removed.Here's what the state government might want to hide from CoP-11 delegates:Green alertAP's once flourishing forest cover has dropped to an alarming 281sq.km over the last few years, according to the State of Forests Report (2011). The maximum loss of forests has been registered in Adilabad, Khammam, Warangal and Karimnagar districts. Apart from ignoring the illegal trade of timber in some of these areas, the government has also failed to keep a check on encroachments, especially in the state's sanctuaries. As many as 700 rock quarries have come up in Karimnagar alone (killing forest area). And the popular Pakhal Wildlife Sanctuary in Warangal, once home to a significant population of tigers and crocodiles, has lost more than 50% of its land. Those like the Papi Hills forest (spread over Khammam-East Godavari-West Godavari districts) and the North Bhadrachalam stretch (Khammam), too, have suffered huge losses. The Polavaram project could further inundate huge swathes of pristine forests in two mandals of Godavari and seven mandals of Khammam district. It would also decimate the traditional knowledge systems of the Koya and Kunda Reddy communities in Godavari valley. \"The government completely lacks the will to do anything to protect its forests. Taking shelter under the excuse that it is short-staffed is not acceptable any more,\" said retired forester and environmentalist Sarvottam Rao.In the city, authorities have resorted to gruesome green murder in the name of development. Close to 15,000 trees have been felled to make way for the Outer Ring Road (ORR) with another 1,200 chopped down for the controversial Metro Rail venture. All this in addition to the many hundreds of trees being felled brazenly in the city.Drying water bodiesFrom over 900 until a decade back, Hyderabad today has just about 500 lakes. Worse, most of these are only on paper. The city's largest lake, Hussainsagar, which originally stretched across an area of more than 5,000 acres now covers a mere 850 acres. And systematically killing these rich biodiversity sites are illegal encroachments by private builders and commercial establishments. Another important water body in the state, Kolleru Lake, which is the second largest freshwater lake in India, is being dumped with industrial effluents and many parts of the lake, located between Krishna and Godavari delta, have been turned into fish ponds. Pulicat Lake, stretching between Nellore and the Tamil Nadu border has been similarly exploited. With inflows from three sea openings (one in TN and two in AP) almost closed, the lake has shrunk from 461sq.km to less than 350sq.km now. Its depth has dropped from 1.5 metres to about a metre. Efforts made to conserve the water body a year ago failed as fishermen opposed the move saying it would cause loss of livelihood. \"There was a time when AP, Hyderabad in particular, was known to be dotted with water bodies. These attracted a range of birds and housed many aquatic animals. Now, most of them have been filled up to pave way for fancy homes and restaurants or have been converted into garbage dump yards. It's the government that should be squarely blamed for it,\" said S Jeevanand Reddy, who has been battling to save the Hussainsagar for years now.Coastline Concerns", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16582756", "title": "'I succeeded because I followed my passion'", "text": "Nonagenarian science writer Gokulananda Mahapatra feels the governmentt needs to do a lot more to popularize science in the state  What led you to write science books?Way back in the 1930s, when we were in school we had no text book for science in Odia language. Teachers collected texts from Bengali and other regional languages and translated those themselves. Even when I wanted to take up science in college, I found good science books in Odia were not available. I wanted to do something to resolve this problem. When I was studying in Presidency College, Kolkata, English science fiction books inspired me. I wrote my first book \"Pruthvi bahare manisa\" (Man Beyond Earth), when I was 26. It got good response and since then I have never looked back. Till now, I have written 95 books, which include science fiction novels, science books for children, biography of some renowned scientists and many others.You were also an academician. How do you find time from your busy schedule to write the books?It's my passion. If you wish to follow your passion, time will never be a constraint for you.How was the experience of writing science books for primary schoolchildren?After completing my studies, I returned to Odisha and joined as a chemistry lecturer in Ravenshaw College. In the 1950s, that the state government decided to publish science text books in Odia language and entrusted me with the task of writing them. The job was quite difficult as I had to write the books in a very simple language and in an attractive manner. Another major problem was unavailability of scientific and technical vocabulary in Odia language. I really had to work hard to evolve the terminology. The first science text book in Odia language was published in 1952.Which one of your own books is your favourite?I feel Baigyanika Gyankosha is a milestone in Odia literature. The book is an encyclopedia of science in Odia language. It took me over ten years to write the two volumes of it.What is the secret of your success in writing science fiction?A: There is no specific recipe as such. Presenting science in its bare form may bore the reader, but if it is encapsulated in a well-knit story and given an interesting angle, it becomes attractive. So the writer needs to have both an understanding of the subject and story-telling capacity. If I have succeeded, it's also because I followed my passion.Q-Are you satisfied with your achievements?I have done what my bit with the limited resources I had. A lot more needs to be done. I am hopeful as many young writers are now showing interest to write science novels and science books. But the state government should come forward to popularize science at the grassroots level.What should the state government do to popularize science?A- More exhibitions, seminars, workshops, street plays and the like should be organized across the state. The government should encourage writers of science books. And most importantly, it should improve the condition of the science laboratories in our schools and colleges and should fill the vacancies of science teachers.Do you feel Odisha can do better in the field of science?Definitely. States like West Bengal , Andhra Pradesh and Kerala are much ahead of us in promoting science. We have fallen woefully behind and this has led to the spurt in unscientific practices in our state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "16582388", "title": "Down in the dumps after a ray of hope", "text": "NADIA: Papaya sold for Rs 2 a kilo in Nagar Ukhra Haat in Nadia when the price at Gariahat Market was Rs 12 a kilo. With four mouths to feed, farmer Abdul Rashid Miya held his head in his hands and muttered a silent prayer. \"Four years ago, it wasn't like this,\" he said.Till 2008, he used to take his produce to the Reliance collection centre. But the next year, the then Left Front government refused marketing licence to the corporate retail giant and it downed shutters. Abdul's world crumbled.If the buoyant Amdanga market on NH34 offers a picture of India shining, the Nagar Ukhra market, 45km away, is proof of all that is wrong about the unorganized mundi trade.Abdul keeps loitering about the rural haat asking middlemen about the daily rates that keep fluctuating. \"The papayas and pumpkins I produce do not grow at the whims of the market. That makes things difficult. I am losing hope. At times I feel depressed. I can't continue farming,\" he says. The despair echoes through the fields here.Farmers Sukur Ali, Khalil Molla and Mahadeb Mandal are also thinking of selling off their land. Khalil had bought farmland four years ago, when he used to sell to Reliance. \"Input costs are rising every day. Fertiliser has become very expensive. Farming has become a losing game,\" he says.On the road leading to Amdanga, TOI saw agents of fertiliser companies coaching farmers who supply to big retail chains. But on the winding path to Nagar Ukhra, fertiliser shops line the roadside and they all lie deserted.Left to their plight, the Nadia farmers can hardly depend on guidance from the state agriculture department on seeds and fertiliser. The local regulated mundi with rows of tin-roofed shops also looks deserted. \"Farmers come to these mundis because they have no choice. We carry the produce in rickshaw vans, praying for a decent price. But what we take back home every evening is not enough to feed the family,\" said Mahadeb Mandal. There is not a single godown in the neighbourhood to store vegetables. Farmers stock their produce at home. \"A rise in humidity or a shower spoils vegetables. Then, there is hardly any taker for them. We lose every which way,\" Molla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16583403", "title": "New Patna-Ahmedabad train", "text": "KANPUR: North Central Railway authorities have decided to launch a special train between Ahmedabad and Patna in view of the festive rush.Train number 09411/09412 Ahmedabad-Patna express will run once a week and pass through Godhra, Ratlam, Bhopal , Bina, Sagar, Katni, Satna, Manikpur, Mirzapur, Mughalsarai, Buxar and Danapur.Train number 09411 will depart from Ahmedabad every Tuesday and will ply between October 2 and December 11. Train number 09412 will depart from Patna every Thursday and will operate from October to December 13. The train will have one II AC, two III AC, 10 sleeper and six general coaches attached.The authorities have meanwhile decided to add one more sleeper coach from September 28 to the 14163 Allahabad-Meerut City Sangam express which passes through Kanpur Central railway station.This decision has been taken to accommodate more people during the peak travel season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16582033", "title": "Eve-teaser beats up man, arrested", "text": "NASHIK: The Sarkarwada police have arrested an 18-year-old youth, resident of Tiwandha Chowk, on charges of beating Mayur Dhanji Maru (28) of Dr Ambedkar Colony, NMC Building, near Red Cross, Raviwar Karanja.According to Maru, the accused used to linger near the complainant's residence and indulge in eve-teasing.An argument had broken out between the two after which the youth, along with three others, beat him up with hockey sticks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581177", "title": "Minister calls himself tiger; women tigresses", "text": "BHOPAL: Call it the influence of Salman Khan starrer 'Ek tha Tiger,' a Madhya Pradesh minister, accused by the Congress of being in an inebriated state, got into a controversy comparing himself to a tiger while addressing the women attending a government function as 'tigresses'.The incident occurred on Thursday afternoon at the official function, organised by the Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation on the occasion of the World Tourism Day. The venue was one of the city's best known hotels where the government had invited delegates to promote tourism. Women delegates were honoured with seats in the front row. Some of the women threw questions at tourism department heads inquiring about the facilities available for tourists at heritage spots.Getting up to address the gathering, minister for tourism and sports Tukoji Rao Puar pointed his finger straight at a woman, who had asked several questions, and said: \"You are a tigress.'' Then, he pointed his finger at all the women and added: \"You are all tigresses and your tiger is here. I am your tiger.'' The buzzing hall suddenly fell silent as the audience was aghast with the minister's innuendo.Soon after the programme, reporters rushed to the minister for his explanation on the tiger-tigress statement. Puar, a scion of the royal family of Dewas, said: \"Yes, I said it in English. Many people cannot understand Hindi so I told them in English.\"The state Congress took the incident as an insult to women. \"The minister was attending a government function in intoxicated state. He purposely uses an objectionable metaphor to dishonour the women attending the function,'' state Congress spokesman Manak Agarwal said. \"Will the government please explain what the minister meant by that observation? Why call delegates to a function and humiliate women this way? We demand that the minister apologise for the statement.\"This is not the first time that Puar has been embroiled in a dispute. Before the November 2008 assembly elections in the state, Puar was arrested for allegedly misbehaving with a woman returning officer. Puar was arrested after sub-divisional magistrate Sanjana Jain lodged a complaint alleging the minister had obstructed official work and threatened her over an election-related dispute. Puar was caught on camera having a heated argument with the woman SDM and throwing a bunch of papers at her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16583309", "title": "Sugar factory gets funds", "text": "BELGAUM: The Markandeya Cooperative Sugar Factory at Kakati near Belgaum has got Rs 22.43 crore from the National Cooperative Development Corporation to resume construction work, which had stopped 10 years ago.NCDC has already released Rs 7.48 crore and has said that an additional Rs 8.49 crore will be raised from capital shareholders. The factory is situated on 112 acres leased forest land. Briefing reporters on Wednesday, chairman Avinash Potadar said \"because of sudden increase in the machinery costs we needed additional Rs 22 crore,\" he said.If all goes well, sugarcane crushing will begin in March 2013. There are 8,000 shareholders in the factory, in which 30% paid partial share amount of Rs 1,025 and 70% people paid Rs 2,050 against the full share amount of Rs 4,055. Potadar called on all shareholders to pay rest amount, which could help the factory get off its feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16583001", "title": "Congress gets allies\u2019 backing on reforms push", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress secured the endorsement of UPA allies on an \"unpopular\" diesel hike and the politically contentious decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail that led to the exit of Trinamool Congress from the ruling coalition.The UPA coordination committee on Thursday saw Prime Minister Manmohan Singh explain the need for economic reforms to ensure a strong rupee and continued investments and made a case for more such measures.\"Prime minister underlined the need for a number of measures that will ensure that there is no volatility in the rupee and investments continue to flow into India as well as stimulate domestic investors so that they would also invest in the economy,\" finance minister P Chidambaram said after the meeting.The government's plea that some unpalatable measures are \"necessary and unavoidable\" was accepted, although DMK leader T R Baalu expressed concern over capping of subsidy on LPG cylinders. But his protests did not prevent the meeting from backing the government.Chidambaram said, \"We reviewed the situation following the number of decisions announced in the last 10 days. There was general satisfaction that many of the steps taken by the government, although some of them would put a burden on the people, have been welcomed by stakeholders as necessary and unavoidable.\" He added that the gathering discussed the \"need to do more reforms\".Unpopular decisions to control fiscal deficit by pruning subsidies - with the PM suggesting more such steps - will test coalition partners as well as the Congress leadership. Liberalization of the pension and insurance sectors will need parliamentary approval and the support of parties like Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party will have to be negotiated.However, Thursday's deliberations indicate that the PM is keen to stay the course. How far he is able to do so might well settle the fate of the ruling coalition and his second term in office.The statement reflects an assurance in the ruling coalition after the brief unrest caused by FDI, Rs 5 hike in diesel and capping of LPG subsidy.Baalu, however, mentioned the burden put on the common man by limiting of subsidized LPG cylinders to six per household. Baalu also brought up the Sethusamudram project he had initiated as shipping minister in UPA-1 and said it had not taken off even five years after approval. He said while the issue was pending before Supreme Court, the government had to take a final view.Chidambaram told the media that the shipping ministry would file an affidavit in the apex court after the Cabinet took a view on Pachauri committee report that has studied the possibility of an alternate alignment for a navigation channel to save Ram Sethu.DMK also flagged the concern of coconut growers over prices and the need for government intervention.But DMK's concerns are minor for Congress when contrasted with the alliance's support for reforms. Two day ago, Sonia Gandhi-chaired Congress Working Committee endorsed the \"unpopular steps\" by calling them crucial to keep the economy strong in the time of crises.The peace in UPA over reforms comes when the storm over FDI in retail is still to fully subside. While TMC has decided to hold a dharna at Jantar Mantar on October 1, BJP has hinted to roll back the decision if it came to power.Samajwadi Party, that bailed out UPA after TMC's mutiny, has also sought to keep the political class guessing by saying it can move or support a resolution against FDI in the winter session of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16580997", "title": "Susan Rajan makes her comeback count", "text": "SRINAGAR: Eight years ago, Susan Rajan was playing for India. The Kerala player was regarded as one of the best junior players in the country and experts termed her as the future champion. However, circumstances forced her to quit badminton cutting short her promising career.The love and passion for the game brought her back on to the courts, and on Thursday, Susan proved that class is permanent by qualifying for the main draw in all the three events she took part in - women's singles, women's doubles and mixed doubles - in the Senior National badminton championships.\"It was great to be back and qualify in all the three events. I am playing competitive badminton after a gap of eight years and it feels nice to win matches again,\" Susan told TOI on Thursday.Main draw qualifiers:Men's singles (8): Aditya Prakash, Sachin Ratti, Sarang Lakhanee, Himanshu Kharbanda, B Kiran Kumar, P Vikas Harsha, S Sanjeeth, Deepak Khatri.Women's singles (8): GM Nischitha, Rasika Raje, Sanyogita Ghorpade, Sampada Sahasrabudhe, J Sarada Govardhini, Susan Rajan, Chitra Lekha, Varsha Belawadi.Men's doubles (4): B Kiran Kumar-Anil Kumar Raju, S Sunjith-C Ram Vijay, Abhishek Ahlawat-Bhaskar Chakraborty; G Gopi Raju-Shivam Sharma.Women's doubles (4): Pradnya Gadre-K Maneesha, Riya Pillai-Susan Rajan, Bibari Basumatary-Rimi Hazarika, Poorvisha S Ram-Arathi Sara Sunil.Mixed doubles (4): Pranaav Jerry Chopra-K Maneesha, Alwin Francis-Chitra Lekha, Ram C Vijay-Susan Rajan, Abhinav Manota-Rachita Sahdev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582380", "title": "Compulsory Kannada: SC verdict soon, says Kageri", "text": "BANGALORE: The much-awaited verdict from the Supreme Court on the medium of instruction in primary schools is round the corner, according to primary and secondary education minister Visvesvara Hegde Kageri.Kageri told reporters here on Thursday that the hearings in the case had been completed and the orders were expected soon. In 2008, the Karnataka high court had unanimously struck down a 1994 government order mandating Kannada or mother tongue as the medium of instruction in primary schools as unconstitutional.The government had mandated even the unaided private primary schools set up after 1994 to teach only in Kannada. The high court had ruled that it was violation of the fundamental rights of the promoters/owners of Karnataka's 11,954 unaided or independent primary schools. The Karnataka government had then challenged the high court's order in the apex court. A group of Kannada litterateurs too had filed their petition supporting the government.Meanwhile, the Centre's attitude has irked the state government. \"We had requested the Centre to be party in the case and defend our stand, as the verdict will have nationwide repercussion. But so far, the Centre hasn't done anything. There is still time. We request the Centre to intervene,'' Kageri said.'LPG cap to hit mid-day meals'Kageri said the restriction on the supply of LPG cylinders by the Centre would affect the mid-day meal scheme in the state. \"About 70 lakh children are given food under the scheme, which requires Rs 900 crore. We need unrestricted supply of cylinders. Else, it affects the implementation of the scheme. We will be writing a letter to the Centre soon,'' he said. The minister said his department was collecting data about the number of cylinders needed for the scheme. \"Once it is ready, we will send a proposal with our requirement,'' he added.Reimburse RTE expenses: MinisterThe education minister complained that the Centre was yet to reimburse 25% of the fee under the Right to Education. According to him, Karnataka was spending Rs 50 crore under the RTE. \"It increases by the year. The Centre should take a decision on the reimbursement and be prompt in releasing it. Else, it affects the spirit of the act and its implementation,'' Kageri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16580811", "title": "Karachi too resonates with 'Bappa Morya'", "text": "MUMBAI: Away from the odiousness and mercuriality of international politics, Jaikumar Trivedi last week installed a Ganesh idol in the heart of Swaminarayan Mandir on Ganesh Chaturthi. The next day, Ganpati Bappa was taken around the temple premises in a rath yatra. Bhajans resonated, dandiya raas followed, and then a bhandara. Finally, the elephant-headed god was taken in a simple procession to a jetty in Karachi and immersed in the sea.In India, Bal Gangadhar Tilak transformed the annual Ganeshotsav festival into a large, well-organized public event. In Pakistan though, it survives as a communal, domestic event. Its scale is small, the pandals missing from roadsides, the modaks replaced with motichoor ladoos. But the fervour of the devotees undeniably is as strong.In Karachi alone, at least 1,000 people take part, says Maharaj Parshuram, a priest.Maharaj Parshuram, a priest in Karachi, says, \"The tradition of celebrating Ganesh Chaturthi has been continuing here since pre-Independence.\" Indeed, as Pakistani film distributor Satish Anand points out, the festival is second only to Holi in popularity. It is observed wherever Hindus live in considerable numbers.As in India, the preparations for the festival are finished in advance and the celebrations begin on Ganesh Chaturthi. But unlike here, no pandals are set up on the roads; people install idols in temples or their homes. And the immersion invariably takes place a day and a half later. Women lead the procession, carrying coconuts on their heads and sprinkling gulal along the route as the idol follows in a cart or a vehicle. The idol ends its journey in the sea.\"It is different from what happens in India. Instead of modak, we have motichoor ladoos and sheera as prasad. We don't have anything any roadside pandals; we do it inside temples. The immersion is in the sea,\" says Deep Chand Acharya, a resident of Chachro in Sindh province.Trivedi, the priest at Swaminarayan Mandir, says at least 25 to 30 idols are taken to homes and temples in and around Karachi. Most of the idolmakers live in Karachi. \"We don't have a holiday here, so people work around their schedules and come together to celebrate in the evenings,\" says Trivedi. That does not imply the government does not provide support.Rana Hammir Singh from Umerkot in Sindh says, \"We celebrate all Hindu temples with fervour.\"Indian filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt concludes, \"During KaraFilm Festival in 2004, I heard temple bells ring out in pre-dawn light from Shri Swaminarayan Mandir in Karachi. It proves that by simply having a different currency or government, or by drawing a few lines on a map, one cannot erase thousands of years of cultural memory, which is embedded in this subcontinent's DNA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16582936", "title": "Calicut University's botanical garden to house endangered trees", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a unique conservation initiative, the Calicut University Botanical Garden (CUBG) will provide a safe haven to hundreds of rare, endangered and threatened (RET) trees from the ecologically fragile Western Ghats, which has recently made it to the coveted UNESCO World Heritage list.The CUBG, the largest and most diverse botanical gardens in varsities across the country, will soon have an arboretum (tree garden) in 20 acres allotted by the varsity for the ex-situ conservation project. It will conserve around 200 most threatened tree species from the Western Ghats in the first phase.The World Heritage Committee, which included the Western Ghats on the world heritage list in July, had noted that the mountain stretch is home to at least 325 globally threatened species and is one of the world's eight \"hottest hotspots\" of biological diversity. \"We are planning to include the most endangered tree species in the arboretum. There is a large number of tree species in the biological hotspot in urgent need of conservation,\" said Dr M Sabu, officer in charge of the CUBG and head of the botany department. He said the varsity had submitted a Rs 1 crore project to the Union Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF).Scientists from the Botany department will undertake a field survey in the Western Ghats to collect the species. \"The plant material will be collected from the Western Ghats sites. We can rear the species here and can think of reintroducing them to their original habitat at a later stage,\" he said.Additionally, a tree-top walk facility will be introduced in the CUBG connecting it to the proposed arboretum to help people understand trees from close quarters. Except for those endemic to high altitude areas, all other endangered trees will be able to thrive in the climatic conditions at CUBG.Sabu said the CUBG, spread across 19.5 hectares now, houses a collection of 2,500 plant species. The garden, inaugurated in 1972 by Singapore Botanical Garden former director Prof R E Holttum, also houses the largest collection of ginger species in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16582339", "title": "Government mulls forming zonal tourism authorities", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Rattled by successive failures to create the required tourism infrastructure despite a sharp rise in tourist visiting Gujarat over the last few years, the state government is considering a new policy. This entails setting up special tourism development authorities to cope with the problem. \"While the proposal is being finalized, these authorities or zones will be on the lines of special investment regions (SIRs) or urban development authorities,\" a senior official said.The official said, \"Preliminary discussions have been held. Spots like Somnath and Dwarka, which attract the largest number of tourists, remain dirty. Tourists return disillusioned because of the lack of basic infrastructure, including clean toilets, drinking water and reasonable hotels. The notified tourism authority will have the right to regulate the creation of infrastructure on public-private partnership model. Local elected bodies will have no right over the notified area.\" The official added, \"The authorities will be required to prepare a basic plan for infrastructure, including coming p with tourism-centric town planning schemes, allowing permissions to hotels and resorts conducive to the area. Each authority will be ruled by a class one chief executive officer and chaired by the district collector. It will have the right to land acquisition for tourism development in the same way as the urban development authority does for regulated urbanization.\"The areas chosen in the first phase, where tourism-related infrastructure will be developed, include four religious spots, Somnath, Dwarka, Dakor and Ambaji, and a few beaches, including Mandvi in Kutch and Umbergaon in South Gujarat. Also under discussion are the White Rann of Kutch and the periphery of the Gir sanctuary, where tourist inflow has increased sharply of late.\"A recent study by Infrastructure Lease and Financial Services (IL&FS;) first suggested setting up of local tourism development authorities, the official said.He added, \"IL&FS; also said municipalities and panchayats do not have the necessary competence for creating tourism infrastructure, not to talk of keeping the area clean. A draft law, Gujarat Special Tourism Development and Regulatory Bill, has been prepared to enable the government to set up these authorities or zones.\"Suggesting the scope of the problem, the official said, \"The government had several meetings with local authorities in Somnath to keep the sea coast clean for tourists, but without result. Same is the case with other spots. Without a local regulatory authority, land sharks haphazardly buy up land for speculative ends, as has happened around Gir. Prices of land there have shot up eight-fold.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16582345", "title": "Flat residents are on their own, and afraid", "text": "The BBMP's new garbage management action plan will kick in on October 1, three days away. And residents of Sovereign Park apartments in Basavangudi are having sleepless nights from September 21, when a BBMP notification put residential high-rises on par with commercial entities. The notification bunched them all under bulk generator category, mandating they should manage the waste they create.\"We read about the notification in newspapers. BBMP has not even come to us to guide us on execution of their plan. The new commissioner might have good intentions, but his plans are just not practical. October 1 is an impractical deadline. How can a composting unit or a biofuel plant be installed within three or four days? There is much confusion. For BBMP to come up with such drastic rules, shouldn't there be at least approval from the state government? The local corporator is not briefing us about this despite several attempts to reach him. The citizens have been kept in the dark,\" said CR Gopinath, president of Sovereign Park apartments.This anguish is understandable. BBMP, that went on an advertisement blitzkrieg to enlighten residents of independent bungalows on segregation of waste, did not deem it necessary to do the same for apartment dwellers.Gopinath rued that there wasn't even a modicum of consultation with apartment residents before the notification was issued.\"Ours is a small apartment block in Richards Town. All of us living here work in corporate firms. Who has the time to look into setting up a composting unit? We have made efforts to reach our builder, who is unavailable,\" said Poonam Joshi, a techie who lives in an apartment near Sarjapur.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel, though, points out that there is nothing new in the notification. As per the occupancy certificate issued to apartment owners, the onus is on apartment owners to take care of the garbage produced in their premises, he said.The occupancy certificate reads, \"The owner shall make his own arrangements to dispose of the debris/garbage after segregating it into organic and inorganic waste generated from the building, suitable arrangements shall be made by the owner himself to transport and dump these segregated wastes in consultation with the BBMP's zonal health officer\", Goel cited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581484", "title": "Model accuses woman of stealing pet", "text": "MUMBAI: Model Shradha Sharma filed a theft case at Oshwiara police station against a woman alleging that she had stolen her dog. The police said that they have registered the case and called the woman for questioning.Sharma had purchased the dog and produced the payment receipt, said the police.According to Sharma's complaint, the accused, Gayatri, a tailor, had stolen the Lhasa from her building compound. Sharma, in her complaint, said that a few months ago, Gayatri-who runs a dog kennel-took Sharma's dog. Sharma said, \"I asked her to return the pet, but she didn't,\" Sharma said, adding that someone had told Gayatri that a double colour Lhasa brings good luck and hence she stole it. But I was disturbed from the day my pet went missing.When Gayatri refused to return the pet, Sharma approached the police. The police verified the facts and have registered the theft case for a detail investigation.The police said that they have registered the case based on Shradha's statement to them where she stated that Gayatri had stolen her pet from her building compound .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581653", "title": "Local labour union leaders' activities affecting work: Industry body", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Chamber of Commerce , Industries and Agriculture (DCCIA), an umbrella organization of industries located on Pune-Ahmednagar Road on Thursday claimed that a couple of local labour union leaders are forcing workers to join their unions, which has affected production in industrial units.The chamber also claimed that these labour leaders were claiming to have support of top politicians to avoid action by rural police. There are about 400 to 500 industrial units in the area that generate employment for about 20,000 people.The industrial belt is spread along Pune-Ahmednagar Road covering Ranjangaon MIDC and industrial pockets in Shirur, Koregaon Bhima, Vadu, Shikrapur, Sanaswadi, Kondhapuri, Karadi and Pimple Jagtap. The area has attracted huge investment in the last ten years which has also generated employment for local as well as people from adjacent districts.Addressing a news conference on Thursday, H P Srivastava, vice-chairman of the DCCIA, said, \"Most of the factories have their internal labour unions and wage agreements are made from time to time. The prospering belt has also attracted people having nuisance value. One leader has been threatening the existing labour unions in various industrial units.\"Srivastava added that despite numerous complaints registered with the rural police, activities of the labour leaders have not been controlled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16583674", "title": "Five Hisar gang rape accused remanded in police custody", "text": "HISAR: A court here on Thursday remanded five accused in the gang-rape of a 16-year-old dalit girl in police custody for eight days.The cops demanded 14-day remand, but the court granted them eight days to recover the mobile phones, motorcycles, clothes and other evidence in the case.The girl was gang-raped by eight upper caste youths near Dabra village in Hisar district on September 9. Four others had made an MMS clip of the act and clicked photographs of the girl in the nude.The girl revealed the incident to her parents on September 18 and her father ended his life on the same day following threats from the accused.DSP Vinod Kumar said, \"We have produced five accused \u2014 Mahender alias Sonu, Anil Kumar , Pawan, Vikas and Rajkumar \u2014 before additional chief judicial magistrate Raj Gupta. Two accused \u2014 Baljeet and Sunil \u2014 are already in police remand. Two others are still unnamed and an identification parade will be held soon. Now, our team will go to different places to recover material evidence. All the five suspects were arrested from a hotel in Ranikhet in Uttarakhand. Investigations are on and we will arrest the remaining accused very soon.\"Public prosecutor Rajat Kalsan, said, \"The police will now recover the motorcycles which were used by the accused to flee the crime spot. Also, the clothes and mobile phones of all the accused will be collected from different places. A few of them had fled to Rajasthan after the rape.\" Three suspects are still on the run.Brother of the victim said, \"We are even getting support from the upper caste people in the village. Village sarpanch Inder Singh, who belongs to an upper caste family, comes to my home daily. We request the police to arrest the rest of the accused involved in the case and give us justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583183", "title": "One-year-old girl falls into pit, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A one-year-old girl slipped in and drowned in a small pit filled with rainwater near her house in Thoraipakkam on Thursday. The family of the girl, Keerthana, had celebrated her first birthday barely a week ago.Around 12.15pm, Keerthana's mother Mariammal, a construction worker, went to fetch water, leaving her daughter on a concrete slab in front of the house. The girl's father Suresh had gone to Vandalur for some work. Whenever she stepped out of the house, Mariammal tied her daughter to a rope to prevent her from moving out. On Thursday she didn't and ran to a nearby tap to collect water that the area's residents got twice a week. Seeing her mother run out, the girl followed.Mariammal returned home with the water after 10 minutes and found Keerthana missing. She started searching for the child all over the area. She peeped into the pit and saw her daughter's little toe sticking out. The child was fished out and taken to a nearby private hospital where she was declared dead. \"I initially thought that my neighbour could have taken Keerthana home, as she was a favourite among the residents of this locality,\" said Mariammal.Suresh, who rushed home on hearing of the tragedy, said: \"After crawling to a distance, she could have lost her way and slipped into the pit.\" \"Our daughter was just learning to walk,\" said Suresh. The couple, who have a son named Guna, are natives of Tiruvannamalai district and settled in the Thoraipakkam area about three years ago.Neighbours said an accident like the one that occurred on Thursday was waiting to happen. \"The entire area is submerged in knee-deep rainwater. There is no way for the water to drain out. Several children from the locality find it hard to cross the pits while going and coming from school,\" said Menaka, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16574915", "title": "IMC sundowner at TGIF", "text": "At the IMC sundowner at TGIF recently, Rohan Jetley, promoter, TGIF, played the perfect host as he made sure that everyone had a relaxed Sunday before starting another hectic week.We also spotted Salama Yamini, head, IMC (Indian Music Conference) here, who was discussing IMC 2012, which is to be held in Bangalore soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581785", "title": "Govt takes dig at CAG, says Supreme Court order on resource auctions vindicates its stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Thursday seized upon Supreme Court's ruling that auctions are not mandatory for allocating natural resources as a validation of its stand against the comptroller and auditor general's (CAG) findings in the 2G spectrum and Coalgate cases.Talking to media after the verdict, telecom minister Kapil Sibal and law minister Salman Khurshid welcomed the judgment, suggesting it had vindicated the government's position.Sibal said all constitutional authorities \u2014 a clear reference to the CAG \u2014 should take note of the judgment which he said has made it absolutely clear that government was not obliged to allocate natural resources through actions alone.Although he did not name the CAG, the telecom minister appeared to be drawing upon Thursday's verdict to rebut CAG's critique of the government with regard to both the 2G and coalgate scams. He said the court has ruled that public good need not always be equated with maximization of revenue, a not-so-oblique reference to the auditor's \"revenue loss\" censure of the government over the 2G scam .\"The government can proceed with no fear of interference from other constitutional authorities,\" Sibal said, adding, \"All constitutional authorities must keep the court judgment in mind.\"When specifically asked whether he felt the government's position was vindicated, Sibal said, \"It is not right to gloat over an SC order.\"The show of modesty, however, could hardly conceal indications that government and Congress are set to use the SC response to the presidential reference to counter the CAG's damaging conclusion that the decision to allocate 2G spectrum in 2008 at 2001 rates cost the exchequer Rs 1.76 lakh crore.A clear hint to that effect came from Khurshid who described the verdict as a \"vindication of what the government has been saying\". \"Today, it is clear what we did was right and, therefore, is a relief and a comforting development,\" he said.Although Khurshid struck a note of caution that the verdict may not necessarily bring a closure on the 2G case, saying that companies whose 2G licences were canceled had already filed curative petitions, the new-found confidence of the government, which had a hard time defending itself in the face of CAG's reports, was hard to miss.Sibal asserted, \"We continue to hold that the first-come first-served policy was good. The implementation and alleged criminal culpability are being examined.\" He stressed that the government intended to go ahead with the scheduled auction of 2G airwaves in accordance with the SC order scrapping 122 licences.He drew satisfaction from the court ruling on the grounds that the SC did not lay down a particular method of allocation. \"I have said before that the courts should not mandate the method of allocation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586419", "title": "Anupama Varma poses for PETA", "text": "Clutching a meat hook and with her naked body wrapped in cellophane - as meat might be - supermodel and actor Anupama Varma appears in a striking brand-new pro-vegetarian ad for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India, released during World Week for the Abolition of Meat and just in time for World Vegetarian Day and Vegetarian Awareness Month.The caption reads, Try to Relate to Who Is on Your Plate - Go Vegetarian . PETA and Varma want people to know that all animals, including humans, are made of flesh, blood and bone, that we have the same senses and range of emotions, and that eating meat is, literally, eating a corpse. The ad was shot by ace photographer Rafique Sayed.\"I hope my PETA ad helps challenge people to really think about what 'meat' is\", says Anupama adding, \"Eating flesh means eating the corpse of a tortured animal who did not want to die. We are encouraging people to try going vegetarian - for animals, the environment and their own health.\"Animals slaughtered for meat are crammed into vehicles in such large numbers that many are severely injured or die en route to the slaughterhouse. The animals are hit, dragged, cruelly and illegally handled and often denied even basic necessities, such as food, water and veterinary treatment. At the slaughterhouse, they are killed in view of each other and are often dismembered and skinned while they are still conscious. Chickens are crowded by the tens of thousands into filthy sheds that reek of ammonia fumes from the accumulated waste. At the slaughterhouse, their throats are cut with blunt knives and their bodies are dunked into scalding-hot water for feather removal, often while they are still conscious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16583498", "title": "Closure of crusher units likely to hit construction activities in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: A move by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board to slap closure notices on 3,700 crusher units across Karnataka following a Supreme Court directive is likely to have a bearing on construction activities in the state. The direct effect of the order will result in shortage of stone aggregate (jellikallu), a key input in all construction activities and is likely to spur the import of the material from across the state borders at a premium.Quarry Owners Association in DK and Udupi districts have stopped stone crushing activities since Saturday last after the owners of 210 such units in the two districts started receiving the closure notice from KSPCB. The 210 units accounted for a daily production of nearly 20,000 tonnes of stone .Manoj Shetty, president of the association, told reporters on Thursday that Kanara and Udupi Chambers of Commerce and Industry, Kanara Builders Association of India, Confederation of Real Estate Development Association of India, DK and Udupi District Civil Engineers' Association and District Contractors Association have thrown their lot behind the association. \"We have taken up the issue with support from these organizations,\" Manoj said.The association members are into stone crushing after obtaining NOC from the board and operating strictly adhering to rules, he said adding that the conditions laid down by Karnataka high court judgment in 1998 and upheld by the apex court last year will sound the death knell for the stone crushing industry. \"It is our bad luck that the courts have ruled against us and even initiated contempt proceedings against the state for non-compliance,\" he said.Separate zone mooted by the courts for stone crushing activities is impracticable and is not technically and financial feasible as it increases cost of production, he said. Concentrating the industry in a separate zone will only concentrate levels of pollution there; Manoj said and added that the loss in terms of revenue to the state government due to closure of the crusher units is large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16581671", "title": "No single-window facility at Lohardaga SBI branch", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The single-window system in the State Bank of India (SBI) has failed to deliver. The counter is meant for all kinds of work at the same window. Customers mostly needed this system to deposit and withdraw money as is done in banks in bigger towns. But here the single window system works for withdrawal of money only. In fact, none of the 24 nationalized and regional banks operating in Lohardaga provides the facilities of single window system. Since SBI deals with big business, customers expect good service in its branches. Sadly enough, even its main branch in the centre of the town here has single-window system only in name.\"We have been demanding managers in SBI branches to provide full facilities through the single-window system but no action is ever taken,\" is the stock reply customers get from bank officials.Lohardaga Chamber of Commerce and Industries secretary Ritesh Kumar said he has been demanding separate counters for businessmen since a large number of traders have their accounts in SBI and their daily transaction in the bank is about Rs 1 crore. \"Till this demand is fulfilled, the single-window system must work . We will request other main banks in the city to start this facility too,\" said Kumar. SBI manager (main branch) Neeraj Kumar said inadequate space is the reason for lack of service through the single-window system. \"I am aware of the problems faced by customers and have also spoken to my head office in this regard, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16582713", "title": "Anisha adds green cover on birthday", "text": "LUDHIANA: On her 17th birthday, Anisha Dahiya of SBS Nagar decided to increase the green cover at her family farmhouse in Lalton Kalan village on city outskirts by planting saplings there, on Wednesday. After planting the saplings, Anisha celebrated her birthday by distributing sweets among children of the workers who look after family's mini-farmhouse.Daughter of a private sector employee Sandeep Dahiya and teacher Mridul Dahiya, Anisha is a Class XII student at Sacred Heart Convent in Sarabha Nagar. \"Our family is affectionate towards nature and plants, so we have planted many of them at our Housefed Colony residence in SBS Nagar. We want the city to be more green and healthy for residents and that is why I decided to plant saplings at our mini-farmhouse on my birthday,\" said Anisha. She added she has been celebrating her birthday similarly in the past and would continue to increase the green cover in her surroundings on the birthdays to come. It is not just Anisha but the Dahiyas follows this practice of celebrating their birthdays by planting saplings and distributing sweets among children, said Anisha's mother Mridul. \"After getting the saplings planted at the farmhouse, we took Anisha for dinner to a BRS Nagar restaurant. This is the best way to celebrate a birthday for us,\" she added. Sandeep Dahiya, vice-president at a textile manufacturing firm in the city, said, \"We try to do our bit for conserving the environment and increasing the green cover of the city, which puts up with a lot of air pollution. Distributing sweets among children earns us blessings from the almighty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581646", "title": "Gold chains worth 2.2 lakh snatched", "text": "PUNE: Gold chains worth Rs 2.20 lakh were snatched in separate incidents in the city in the last two days in Katraj and Kothrud. On Wednesday night, 27-year-old D R Rajan and her mother were walking towards their house in Wonder City in Katraj when two persons on a motorcycle snatched Rajan's gold chain worth Rs 1.90 lakh and fled. The Bharati Vidyapeeth police are investigating the case.Another incident of chain snatchingtook place at Kothrud on Thursday morning where 75-year-old Vasundhara Ghude fell prey to two motorcycle-borne chain-snatchers. The suspects snatched her gold chain worth Rs 30,000 near Patvardhanbaug in Kothrud and fled, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582079", "title": "SC order on fate of 5 Haryana Janhit Congress MLAs today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The much-awaited verdict on the fate of five MLAs of Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) who had defected and joined Congress after the 2009 assembly elections in Haryana, would be pronounced on Friday morning by the Supreme Court.The matter had reached the apex court, after the speaker of Haryana Vidhan Sabha and all five MLAs had filed an appeal against the December 20, 2012 verdict of Punjab and Haryana high court. In its verdict, a division bench headed by Justice M M Kumar had restrained these MLAs from holding any post in the state government, and also ordered that they shall remain unattached members of the state legislative assembly.Following the verdict, the tally of Congress MLAs had come down to 41 MLAs in the 90-member Haryana assembly. The HC had also directed the Speaker of state assembly to decide Kuldeep Bishnoi's petition seeking disqalification of these MLAs by April 30, 2012. Aggrieved over the judgment, speaker Kuldeep Sharma and all the five MLAs had moved a special leave petition (SLP) before SC and raised an issue whether the high court has the jurisdiction to issue any direction to the speaker of a state legislative assembly in respect of a pending petition relating to disqualification of a member of the assembly. On January 5, apex court had stayed the HC orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16582860", "title": "Guests pitch in on World Tourism Day", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Foreign tourists in Puri juggled the broom and the brush with aplomb to mark World Tourism Day on Thursday. Taking a cue from the Centre's 'campaign clean India' initiative, a number of Japanese tourists cleaned the precinct of a lesser known Buddhist destination Kuruma near Konark while an Italian visitor attracted beach strollers with his paintings.The Japanese tourists cleaned Buddha's statue and sanitized the ambience with the help of volunteers of India Japan Friendship Centre, a voluntary organization working for promotion of tourism ties between India and Japan. \"We received spontaneous response from locals. The Japanese tourists, many of whom came here to study or travel, enjoyed the job,\" said IJFC president S K Dash.Italian tourist Tarshito made beautiful paintings on canvass to spread the message of love and affection on Puri beach.Odisha tour operators' association and voluntary organization Barefoot organised a beach cleaning programme and cultural event in the evening to cap the day. \"We staged Prahlada Natak on the beach to promote dying art forms,\" said Yugabrat Kar, a functionary of tour operators' association.Beach council of Odisha, a voluntary organization, organised a seminar on beach development and demanded the government to take steps towards the aesthetic upkeep of the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582109", "title": "Congress lectures govt on law &amp; order in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Expressing concern over the deteriorating law-and- order situation in the state, the Congress on Thursday demanded that the BJP government bring the situation under control in the next couple of months or the people will agitate to protest this situation.Speaking to mediapersons after a meeting on Thursday, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar reacted to chief minister Manohar Parrikar's statement that because of the previous government, the police department had become lethargic, saying that the person who has the power can change the situation.Shirodkar said that the people of the state had a negative impression about the government. \"It is surprising to see the speed at which this negative feeling is growing, and if this continues, then in a few months this government itself may not want to continue.\"He also said that the financial health of the state is not in good condition. \"Salaries of drivers working on the Bal Rath scheme have not been paid for the last few months.\"He also said that many government departments have begun running short of funds to run the schemes announced by the government.He also said that many government departments have started running short of funds to run the schemes announced by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16583848", "title": "Students' safety: Shimla administration to call meeting with schools, parents", "text": "SHIMLA: Following the death of two class-VI girl students of Convent of Jesus and Mary, Navbahar, the Shimla district administration has finally started an exercise to ensure safety of school going children. A meeting in this regard has been scheduled with school managements and parents.In a letter written to principals of all city-based private schools, the administration has stressed on creating awareness among children about the monkey menace and overspeeding.Nancy Thakur and Sakshi Thakur, both 11 years old, had died under mysterious circumstances on Monday evening after falling from Kali Dhank near Sanjauli, after which residents have started demanding adequate security measures for the safety of school children.Shimla deputy commissioner Dr Arun Sharma said that a meeting has been scheduled with the stakeholders for suggesting more practical measures for minimizing risks to school children.\"School going children are bound to be inquisitive and ready to explore their surroundings. Without putting any unnecessary fetters on this, I suggest you to make children aware of some of the existing dangers like monkey menace and geographical undulations,\" said Sharma in his letter to school principals.He said the tragic deaths of two school children have left everybody shaken. \"Children come to school in overloaded taxis, private vehicles or in private buses. Non-availability of vehicles could be a genuine cause, but it definitely does not mandate anyone to bring children in the condition they are being brought to schools,\" he said.Commenting on the choked roads in front of schools during morning and evening hours, he said there is a lot which is expected from the administration, including adequate parking spaces and desired number of manpower. \"We intend to effect improvements within the existing constraints,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16582129", "title": "Four held for 18-year-old Jharkhand boy's murder", "text": "GURGAON: City police claim to have solved a murder case and have arrested four persons, who had killed the 18-year-old victim out of revenge. The body of the 18-year-old youth was found near the Appu Ghar site in the city last Friday morning. Police produced the four accused in a city court on Thursday and took them on two days' police remand.According to police, the accused were identified as Anil Kumar, Manish, Sukhbeer and Moni, who lived as tenants in Wazirabad village. The main accused, Anil and Manish, are natives of Bihar while the other two are from Uttar Pradesh.The Sector 29 police lodged an FIR against unknown persons after finding the body near the Appu Ghar site on last Friday morning. The victim was identified as Sunil Kumar, native of Ranchi in Jharkhand, who was living with a friend, Rahul, in Wazirabad village. He was working with a private firm in Gurgaon. The victim's father accused the victim's friends and some others of a role in his murder.SHO Hardeep Singh, who was investigating the case, nabbed the accused. The Sector 29 police have managed to solve this blind murder case in just six days.\"In the beginning there was no clue about the accused, but we came to know from the villagers about a brawl between the victim and main accused. The persons, who knew the accused and the victim well, had told police that there was tension between the two after the sister of the main accused man had accused the victim of having misbehaved with her.At last when we took Manish into custody and questioned him, he spilled the beans,\" SHO Hardeep Singh told TOI.The accused confessed to their crime. The main accused, Anil, revealed to police that he had to take revenge on Sunil. He hatched a plan with his friend Manish and the two other accused men. Late on Thursday evening he asked Manish to bring Sunil and Rahul with him near the Appu Ghar site. When they reached there, Anil, Sukhbeer and Moni beat them up with sticks. While Rahul, who was injured, ran away from the spot, Sunil died on the spot. \"Rahul was undergoing treatment in a hospital and did not contact Sunil and his family members out of his fear for Anil,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16580835", "title": "Actors praise Mumbai's green mandals for cleaner Ganeshotsav", "text": "MUMBAI: The annual Times Green Ganesha (TGG) drive for a cleaner Ganeshotsav is gathering steam as the festival draws to a close.On Thursday, actors Kunal Kapoor and Huma Qureshi joined their voice to the cause by visiting an eco-friendly mandal at Parel along with environment minister Sachin Ahir. Both were delighted to see that the mandal had chosen to fashion its idol out of clay. They showered lavish praise upon the thought and ingenuity that goes into making the idols and settings at pandals during the festival. Sanjay Bhuskute, Maharashtra Pollution Control Board PRO, was also present.However, the sight of littered beaches will confront Mumbaikars the morning after Anant Chaturdashi, which falls on Saturday. Therefore, in partnership with the BMC, TGG has initiated a clean-up drive on the early hours of Sunday, September 30.Girgaum Chowpatty and Juhu beach, where thousands of idols are immersed, will see youth groups, schools, colleges and NGOs turn out in vast numbers. In addition, Naresh Dahibawkar, president of the Bruhanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti has pledged to rope in mandal volunteers for the task. Shaina NC of I Love Mumbai Foundation has mobilized over 800 students for the drive at Girgaum Chowpatty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16582920", "title": "Fresh impetus to Malabar tourism", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government will implement a Rs 250-crore northern circuit development project in Malabar to develop the tourism prospects of the region, tourism minister A P Anil Kumar has said.The minister told mediapersons after inaugurating a tourism seminar organised by the district tourism promotion council (DTPC) at Sarovaram Biopark on Thursday that the Centre was expected to fund the mega project envisaged to shore up the tourism infrastructure in north Kerala.It would be implemented in Wayanad and Kasargod districts in the first phase and in Kozhikode, Kannur and Malappuram districts later.\"Tourism development has lagged behind in northern districts when compared to other areas of the state. The northern circuit development project aims at addressing the issue and it would create adequate tourism infrastructure and facilities in the region,\" he said.Anil Kumar said the works for preparing a project master plan had begun and the agency entrusted with the task would set up an office in Kozhikode soon.Earlier inaugurating the seminar, he said the tourism prospects of the state were inextricably linked to the agriculture sector and the government would ensure a nature- friendly tourism policy. \"The natural wealth of the state is the most critical factor for its development and the government will ensure that it is protected at any cost,\" he said.District collector K V Mohankumar, tourism joint director C K Ponnappan and State Institute of Hospitality Management principal K Balaji also addressed the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16583879", "title": "Varanasi witnessing alarming rise in heart patients", "text": "VARANASI: The World Heart Week being observed at city hospitals between September 23 and September 29 has brought the spotlight on the alarming increase in heart patients from the region.Data released by the outpatient department (OPD), cardiology department, Sir Sundarlal (SSL) hospital reveals that while the hospital received around 50 heart patients per day at the OPD a year ago, the number today has grown to over 200 patients every day. It is also evident that heart disease today is not confined to the middle-aged and the elderly.According to Dr Om Shankar, cardiologist, SSL hospital, coronary artery disease is now widespread among youngsters as well. \"While changing lifestyles, food habits and reduced physical activity have contributed to this trend, increased cigarette smoking, tobacco chewing, stress and depression among the young is also responsible. Around 30% of the patients in OPD are youngsters below 30 years of age\", Dr Shankar informed. He said while the average age for heart diseases in other parts of the world is above 45 years, in India, the age bracket most prone to such diseases is around 35 years only.Notably, several women patients at the hospital are also found suffering from heart ailments. According to Dr Shankar, this is primarily because women stop outdoor activity after a certain age and remain indoors due to familial restrictions. In such cases, women are advised to carry out some exercises in their home itself. They should also not ignore any pain in the chest and abdomen. \"A severe pain in the chest is often misconstrued as gastric trouble among women\", added Dr Shankar. It may be mentioned here that cardiovascular diseases are the world's largest killers, claiming 17.1 million lives a year. It now affects people from all classes.The cardiology, department, SSL hospital is carrying out an awareness programme on heart ailments outside its OPD.According to Dr Shankar, an informative documentary regarding causes, precautions and prevention of heart problems is being screened for all patients and visitors at the hospital. A health check up camp for patients is also in the pipeline under the week long programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16581013", "title": "Liquor worth 50.64 lakh seized", "text": "VADODARA: In a major seizure of liquor near Halol, the vigilance squad of state police seized liquor worth Rs 50.64 lakh on Thursday morning. A truck carrying the liquor was seized by the squad when it was parked near a hotel.The seizure was made close to the hotel near Halol bypass. Truck driver Asif Mohammed Mushtaq was arrested and the vehicle impounded.Sources said 1,524 cartons of whiskey and beer tins were seized from the truck. In all, 50,424 bottles and tins worth Rs 50.64 lakh were seized along with the truck. Cash amounting to Rs 16,000 and two cellular phones were also found on the driver of the truck.Investigations have revealed that the stock of liquor was loaded in a truck at Chandigarh by one Shaukat Pathan at the behest of a person identified as Raju. However, the truck broke down at a village near Udaipur and the stock was transferred into the truck that was seized near Halol.The driver of the truck in which the liquor was then kept was asked to follow instructions he was given over a cellular phone.Initially, he was asked to reach Modasa. From there he was asked to reach Godhra. At Godhra, he was given further instructions to reach this particular hotel and wait for further instructions.However, the stock was seized when he was waiting there for further directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chipri-ranitoli (gumla)", "code": "16581803", "title": "Six arrested for abducting girl, killing her mother", "text": "CHIPRI-RANITOLI (GUMLA): Twenty-year-old Sushila Kumari cannot be traced for over a fortnight now after she was abducted along with her mother Sadho Devi, recently. The body of Sadho, which was cut into several pieces, was recovered by the police from Banari river on September 12. Sadho, who was suspected of practicing witchcraft, was allegedly killed by a criminal gang at the behest of villagers of Chipri-Ranitoli hamlet in the Naxalite-hit Bishunpur police station, 52 km away from the district headquarters. Police arrested six villagers in this connection.\"Untold tragedy took place in our poor family and I don't know what am I to do,\" wailed Sushila's brother Sushil Oraon, a student of Kartik Oraon College in Gumla. His younger sister Amrita Kumari (18) too was taken to Delhi by a trafficker Sushul Tirkey of village Goratoli in March this year, he said. \"With the help of two village youths who identified the miscreants, six persons including Anil Oraon, Abhiram Oraon, Nepal Oraon, Devendra Oraon, Jahru Oraon and Patiram Oraon of the same village were arrested for abduction, murder and human trafficking,\" said police inspector Amish Hussein.Anil, the main accused in the case, confessed to police that 15 days before the day of the kidnapping and killing (September 12) villagers held a meeting following the death of some cattle in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16582904", "title": "Bhubaneswar has October 20 date with Oz festival", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Art and culture enthusiasts in the city will get to sample some foreign fare at the day-long 'Oz Festival' being organised on October 20 by the Australian high commission in India, in association with the state tourism department. The fest, to be held at Rajarani temple here, will showcase various dance and music styles of Australia.Bhubaneswar is among the 18 Indian cities the festival will travel to till February 5, 2013. The festival, touted as the biggest Australian cultural extravaganza ever staged in India, will kick off on October 16 at Purana Qila in New Delhi and subsequently move to different states.\"We will extend full cooperation to the Australian high commission for the success of their maiden festival in Odisha. Australian troupes will perform their traditional dance and music along with Odisha artistes,\" assistant director of tourism department Sanjib Patra told TOI.Sources said there will be a special performance by visually-impaired Australian singer Gurrumul Yunupingu , along with local artistes.\"During the next four months, Oz Fest will showcase the creativity, dynamism and diversity of Australia through major events across India, focusing on Australian music, art, food, films, literature, dance, sport, ideas and much more,\" Australian high commissioner to India Peter Varghese was quoted as saying on the official website of Australian high commission. \"We hope that through Oz Fest, Indians will come to understand more about Australia and our nation's story - our cultural diversity, our creativity, our strong economy , and the many links between our two nations,\" Varghese said.Notably, the consulate general of Japan in Kolkata had organised a Japanese film festival in June at Puri to strengthen tourism ties between Odisha and Japan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581548", "title": "Central team at GMCH to finalize paramedic institute site", "text": "NAGPUR: A three member team of union ministry of health and family welfare will be visiting the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) to finalize the site and other formalities related to Regional Institute of Paramedical Sciences (RIPS) sanctioned recently.The GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar told TOI that besides Dr Mangala Kohli from the ministry, two architects Mukesh Bajpai and Anurag Salwan from Hindustan Latex Ltd (HLL), the government nominated company for procurement of instrumentation in medical colleges, will be there on Saturday for site inspection and finalizing all formalities about the proposed RIPS.The institute, coming up with a financial aid of Rs 88 crore from the Centre, is being planned on a 6.5 acre piece of land opposite the medical college in TB ward premises. It will cover three states of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa. There is chance of reshuffle in states as the central government has proposed setting up nine RIPSs in country. So far only one at Aizawl in Mizoram has become functional.GMCH was lucky to get the institute as earlier it was proposed at Aurangabad. Due to technical reasons, the college refused and the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) offered it to Nagpur. The college has proposed 15 degree courses in paramedical sciences with an intake capacity of 40 students per course taking the total to 600. GMCH is already running 12 different diploma and degree courses in various specialities but does not get any separate fund for these courses.\"Now, with a separate institute, the college can look forward to generating excellent paramedical manpower which is fast dwindling in medical colleges. Since all are undergraduate courses, the trained hands will be available on priority basis for government colleges,\" said Dr Powar.The construction work of the boundary wall of TB ward area, which was open from three sides, is also progressing at a fast pace. Almost 90% work has been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582202", "title": "Ration quota for October", "text": "PANAJI: The government has decided to distribute 10 kg of rice and 3 kg of wheat during the month of October to above poverty line (APL) cardholders. The BPL and Antyodaya Anna Yojana cardholders will get 35 kg of rice per card, while families in the Annapurna categories will get10 kg of rice. BPL, Antyodaya Anna Yojana and Annapurna cardholders will get 500g sugar per person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16582883", "title": "Fake passports headache for US consulate", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A two-member team from the US consulate in Hyderabad will visit Odisha on Friday to discuss the menace of fake passport and visa rackets with senior police officers.The team will comprise the consulate's assistant regional security officer (overseas criminal investigations), Michale Daimond, and Kalyan Kuncha, said Odisha DGP Prakash Mishra. \"We would discuss issues relating to passport and visa fraud. The delegation wants to develop rapport and better coordination with Odisha police to prevent the crimes here,\" the DGP told TOI.Asked whether anyone from Odisha procured a US visa through fake documents, Mishra said: \"So far we have not come across any such incidence.\" The top cop, however, said that there were ample instances of conmen forging documents to get passports in the state in the past. \"We are in regularly touch with the regional passport officer to check such malpractices,\" he added.Sources said the US delegation is likely to meet some senior officers of the regional passport office in Bhubaneswar.Five people, including a senior state government employee, were arrested in separate passport fraud cases within a year. Vigilance sleuths had arrested a senior Odisha Administrative Service (OAS) officer, Bijay Chandra Mohapatra, of agriculture department and Benudhar Mohanty of state water resources department in Bhubaneswar on October 12, 2011. They were charged with accepting bribes to clear a passport application. Mohapatra was allegedly caught red-handed while accepting Rs 3,000 for putting his signature to clear a verification certificate (VC).Notably, an officer of or above the rank of joint secretary in the state government or an official of or above the rank of under secretary of Central government needs to clear a VC for obtaining Tatkal passport.Theaction against Mohapatra had followed the arrest of three persons, including two touts, in Bhubaneswar on August 3, 2010 for allegedly duplicating the signature of a senior state government official for clearing the VC of a Tatkal passport applicant.Stung by the forged signatures in the verification certificates, the regional passport office (RPO) recently identified nearly 17 state government officials for having \"doubtful integrity\". The RPO has declined to entertain verification certificate signed by them for issuance of Tatkal passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581890", "title": "1-year lease extension for Taj Mansingh", "text": "NEW DELHI: New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) decided on Thursday to hold an open auction for its landmark hotel property on Mansingh Road where Indian Hotels Company (Tatas) now runs Taj Mahal Hotel. And for this 'time-consuming process' - in which IHC will be given the first right of refusal - the NDMC has decided to extend the lease of the hotel by a year. The decision was taken at the council's meeting chaired by chief minister Sheila Dikshit.A report prepared by consultant Ernst and Young on the viability of several options before NDMC was tabled at the two-hour-long meeting. While there was a consensus on auctioning of the property to select a new operator, the members debated on giving an extension to IHC. Sources claimed it was the CM who stressed on extending the lease by a year though she refused to confirm this to TOI later as the minutes were not out.\"We have already given them an extension for a year. Now that the consultant has submitted its report and a final decision has been taken, we should start the bidding process. It can easily be completed in the next two-three months. It was Dikshit who was keen on extending it by a year. They are just favouring IHC. The report submitted by the consultant had no meaning since all the options were there before us earlier too. The consultant had nothing conclusive to say in its report. The council could have taken this decision last year while extending the lease,'' said Karan Singh Tanwar, BJP MLA and council member, who opposed the extension.With groups like ITC, Sahara and Oberoi, besides international majors, interested in the property located in the heart of the city, sources say the competition will be tough and will result in a sharp increase in NDMC's revenue.NDMC officials refused to clarify whether the one-year period included the time needed for IHC to vacate the property in case it failed to match the highest bid. \"It's a hypothetical question and I'm not going to answer it. Today, we have decided to extend the lease by a year and auction the property within this period,'' said Archna Arora, chairperson, NDMC.But sources said that in case IHC had to move out, NDMC will have to give it enough time to vacate the property. \"The one-year extension is subject to completion of the bidding process. If the bidding process is over in less than a year, then the extension will expire,'' said Amit Prasad, spokesperson, NDMC.During the bidding process, IHC will be given the first right of refusal. \"It will be given a chance to match the highest bid. In case, it doesn't, the contract to run the property will be given to the highest bidder,'' said an NDMC official. For the next one year, IHC will pay the lease amount according to the rates fixed last year. A senior NDMC official said \"auctioning of such a property is time consuming. The decision to extend the lease was taken keeping in mind the administrative process.\" The civic agency is soon going to invite bids for the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583087", "title": "Soon, a direct flight to Male from Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Flying to Maldives is going to be hassle-free as Maldivian Airlines will start a direct flight between Male and Chennai on November 15. The airline will also connect Chennai with Dhaka directly, as a large number of Bangladeshis visit Chennai for medical treatment.The national carrier of Maldives will be the first to operate direct flights between Chennai, Male and Dhaka. \"The flight will operate in the Male-Chennai-Dhaka route and return on the same day on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. We decided to start the services after we found a huge potential in medical tourism and business.,\" said Mohamed Maleeh Jamal, Maldivian deputy minister of tourism.Maldivian Airlines will also start a direct flight between Male and Mumbai from November 16 and a direct flight between Male and Delhi in April 2013. \"We expect a 70% to 80% load factor in the Chennai service,\" said Abdul Haris, managing director, Maldivian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582571", "title": "Kolkata civic body in fresh row over trident lights", "text": "KOLKATA: Having tied itself in knots over the lack of transparency in the installation of trident lights across the city and facing tough questions from the governor, the KMC is asking contractors to slash bills by 40% in a desperate attempt at damage-control.But in doing so, the civic body has plunged itself into yet another controversy as the bills were raised in line with the fair price finalized by the corporation in consultation with its political bosses. Officials said asking contractors to slash the fair price by 40% was unprecedented in KMC history. The KMC is now set to alter the far price itself.The corporation's lighting department had fixed the fair price at Rs 17,690 for installing trident lamp unit, thus putting the bills on this account to a whopping Rs 27 crore in the city. However, about four months ago, the KMC's Entally workshop started manufacturing, assembling and supplying trident lights at Rs 9,600 a unit, brining the fair price under the scanner.To make things worse, the Trinamool Congress-run Salt Lake Municipality fixed the fair price at Rs 11,000. However, 20,000 trident lights had come up across the city by then. The KMC was left staring at a whopping Rs 270-crore bill.A north Kolkata-based contractor said he was asked to modify the bills sent earlier for installation of trident lights. \"First, the KMC authorities refused payment after the controversy broke out. Now, I have been told to reduce my previous bills by 40%. I'm yet to make up my mind on this,\" the contractor said on condition of anonymity. He was among 233 others who were awarded contracts for installation of trident lights across the city. The contract was awarded in a single day by the KMC lighting department since mayor Sovan Chatterjee wanted the department to complete the job by February.Civic bosses, however, fear the KMC won't be able to satisfy governor MK Narayanan by just slashing bills.Rupa Bagchi, the opposition leader in the KMC, felt the civic board was bound to take such a decision since it had been proved beyond doubt that the rates for these decorative lights were exorbitant. \"The civic brass had to admit this, since a probe by an independent agency will see the trident light controversy emerge as a big scam. Instead of facing an inquiry, the Trinamool Congress now wants to settle the issue with the contractors,\" Bagchi said. Mala Roy, the Congress municipal leader in the KMC has already demanded a CBI probe into the financial irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581071", "title": "Maharashtra\u2019s RTI panel work at standstill", "text": "MUMBAI: Work at the state information commission has come to a standstill following the Supreme Court's September 13 order that only an existing or retired chief justice of a high court or an existing or retired judge of the SC can head the central and state information commissions and each commission is to consist of two members. Over 21,000 RTI appeals will now not be heard (see table).\"In view of the SC order, we have stopped hearing all appeals. We have sought advice from the state government and the department of personnel and training,\" state chief information commissioner Ratnakar Gaikwad told TOI on Thursday. \"Since the order is specific, it will be wrong of us to continue working. It may amount to contempt of court.\"Gaikwad said that a week ago, he met information commissioners from Pune, Nashik, Aurangabad, Nagpur, Amravati and the Konkan region to take stock of the situation arising after the Supreme Court order.\"We discussed the legal aspects of the order and decided to wait for instructions from the state government or the department of personnel and training before continuing to hear appeals.\"A senior lawyer said there was scope for interpretation in the order, the observation of which about commission membership is that one member should be from the judiciary and the other an expert. \"Our information is that the Centre is considering whether to file a review petition before the apex court.\"State law secretary Vijay Kumar Achaliya said the law and judiciary department had sought the advocate general's opinion on how the apex court order was to be interpreted. \"We will act on the basis of the opinion.\"The apex court order came during the disposing of a piece of public interest litigation by a bench comprising Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar.The state information commission has been marked by zeal since the CIC's post was filled up in June and norms set for early disposal of cases. In the first month, a record 500 appeals were heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16581470", "title": "Sunscreen blocks natural Vitamin D", "text": "LUCKNOW: Doctors at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences on Thursday revealed that use of sunscreen, a must item in the schedule of most girls and women, blocks the absorption of natural vitamin D which is needed for strong bones.\"The body stops making vitamin D after someone applies a sunscreen lotion with Sun Protection Factor (SPF) more than eight units,\" said Prof Sushil Gupta, faculty, department of endocrinology, SGPGIMS while talking to reporters. He informed that many more aspects related to bone health will be discussed at the eighth annual general meeting of Indian Society for Bone and Mineral Research starting September 29.He added that a person gets vitamin D when he/she is exposed in the Sun, but people especially young girls are scared of tanning. To prevent themselves from sun burn, they apply sunscreen lotion on their body which deprives them from vitamin D which is a main source of nutrient.Vitamin D deficiency can lead thin and brittle bones, which increases the risk of osteoporosis. The common fractures caused by osteoporosis are those of hip, spine and forearm. Apart from osteoporosis, lack of Vitamin D in the body results pain in muscles and bone, muscle weakness and easy fatigability. Experts said that the deficiency of vitamin D may be linked to both maternal and infant health. Besides this, vitamin D deficiency causes cardiovascular diseases, hypertension and congestive heart failure.According to an estimate, more than 70% of India's population suffers from Vitamin D deficiency. Researchers feel that vitamin D is necessary for good health. Vitamin D supplementation is needed in pregnant mothers, as it is associated with increased skeleton growth and bone mass in off springs. It also regulates cell growth, neuro-muscular and immune function in the body. Some studies say that it plays an important role in preventing cancer which includes breast, prostate, and colon tumours.So be careful before you get lured to the claims made by pharmaceutical companies that their sunscreen lotion would save your skin from tanning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "16586269", "title": "Rewari heritage rail museum to attract students", "text": "REWARI: The northern railway and the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) has decided to launch a special drive to attract students from schools and colleges to railway museum in Rewari, which is one of the oldest Railway Loco Sheds in India.A team comprising northern railway chief mechanical engineer (CME) Ashwini Lohani, deputy chief mechanical engineer Vikas Arya and INTACH Haryana convener Jayanto Sanyal who is also former union secretary with the ministry of tourism, and Rewari District INTACH convener Sudhir Bhargava visited the Rewari Heritage Loco Shed recently.The team decided to make efforts to increase the foot falls to the museum by attracting students from hundreds of schools and colleges located in South Haryana.Rewari INTACH Chapter will coordinate the efforts by involving educational institutions to send their students in groups to the museum, Bharvava informed the Times of India. He informed that the railway museum in Rewari, located in one of the oldest Railway Loco Sheds in India which was established in 1880s, houses several steam engines which are no longer in use.\"The well maintained museum could not generate the expected foot falls and a new strategy is needed to increase the number of visitors to the museum\", he said.Bhargava stated that for attracting youngsters to this heritage, railways have been requested by INTACH to bring some changes in set up and introduce new facilities in the museum which keep students occupied for 2-3 hours at this place.The railway CME Lohani has agreed and instructed accompanying staff to do the needful.Vikas Arya informed that couple of measures are already in the pipe line and others will be completed by the beginning of October 2012.\"New facilities to be provided in the museum include showing of documentaries and films about the history, and present operations of railways throughout this vast country. These films will be shown to groups of 50 students, once or twice a day in museum conference hall and will be of duration of 30-40 minutes\", he informed.Though there are several models of small engines and other equipment and exhibits in photo form etc. displayed in the halls, more exhibits may be added in the posters form showing the railway network in different terrains of India like hills, seas, over the rivers, in deserts, etc, giving the youngsters glimpses of not only the country but how railways manage the difficult task.Lohani assured that steam Locomotives would be shown in running condition also to make students familiar with the old technology.The restaurant at the premises will also be students oriented and some food package could be given to the groups. A special guide could be provided to answer queries by students.A brochure on the history of museum, Railways and important exhibits of the museum would be released soon which would be distributed to visitors free of cost.Rewari INTACH convener Sudhir Bhargava stressed that the strategy of the museum should be to keep the visiting students busy, for 2 to 3 hours, by providing more facilities so that the tour is worthwhile for students who may come to museum from an area of radius of 50 kms. Also students in this agricultural belt will have good exposure to technological aspects too. These facilities are likely to be ready by the beginning of October 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16582837", "title": "Changing skyline: 5-star hotels in Udaipur face HC wrath", "text": "JODHPUR: In a landmark judgment which could change the skyline of the hotel industry in Udaipur, a division bench of the Rajasthan high court ordered the demolition of major extension work done on Fateh Prakash luxury hotel owned by the HRH group of Sri Arvind Singhji, the scion of the ex-royal family of Udaipur. The court also ordered demolition of an under-construction five star hotel at Teelakheda near Udaisagar Lake being built by Vardhan Enterprises and slapped a penalty of Rs 1 crore on them.The order was passed by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice Sangeet Lodha on a contempt petition filed by one Rajendra Kumar Razdan. The complainant had sought compliance of an order passed by a division bench in Feburary 2007 on a PIL filed by Razdan.The state government was then directed by the division bench to consider the establishment of a Lakes Development Authority for the conservation of lakes in Udaipur. The court said the authority should be responsible and accountable for ecological and hydrological balance of the lakes.Effective steps should be taken to bar all construction in the \"no construction zone\".\"The conversion and construction in and around the lakes and in their catchment areas were not permitted except in rarest occasion. But the royal family developed 30 rooms in a major extension of their 5-star hotel named Fatheh Prakash on Bansi Ghat which has been ordered to be demolished by the Division bench,\" said Petitioner Rajendra K Razdan.The division bench also took serious note of the report filed by the collector wherein it was admitted that the administration has found 40 such small and big constructions including the five star hotel groups raising the skyline of hotels on the periphery of various lakes \u2014 including the famous Pichola lake. Taking note of private hotelier Vardhan Enterprises getting khatedari rights in an inland amid the Udai Sagar lake , the bench imposed an exemplary cost of Rs 1 crore to be used for upkeep of the water bodies.\"The bench has sought an interim compliance report of the demolitions within a period of 10 days,\" said Rajendra.\"The order runs in more than 100 pages, copies of which have not been made available.\"\"However, its true that more than 40 structures including the Fateh Prakash hotel extension have been ordered demolished. Besides this, all permissions granted to raise construction after the 2007 order have been cancelled. This will affect the entire hotel industry of Udaipur,\" said additional advocate general Anand Purohit.He said that the bench has granted two months time for complete compliance and restoration of the heritage hotel Fateh Prakash to its old form,\" said Additional Advocate General Anand Purohit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582055", "title": "For now, helmets compulsory for riders on all roads", "text": "PANAJI: The state has decided not to go ahead with making wearing of helmets compulsory for pillion riders in the first phase of implementation.\"We are of the view that both - the rider and pillion- should use helmets but we'll do it in a phased manner. In the first phase beginning next month, we will make wearing of helmets for riders compulsory across the state on all roads,\" transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar told TOI on Thursday.\"We have consulted various sections of society - including MLAs, zilla panchayat members, motorcycle pilots association and others and we have received feedback ,\" he said adding that all have shown concerned about road fatalities.He said that the government is of the firm view that wearing helmet has to be made compulsory for both, the rider and pillion rider. Currently, the helmet rule for riders is being implemented only on highways for the last eight years. Soon, it will be mandatory for all two-wheeler riders to use helmet on all roads in the state including city and village roads.As for the exact date of implementation, Dhavalikar said that it will probably begin from October 2. \"But the final decision will be taken after a meeting with chief minister Manohar Parrikar ,\" he added.A few months after implementing the rule for riders, the government will take up the implementation of the rule for pillion riders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16583333", "title": "Closure of stone crushing units leaves 5k jobless in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: For over a fortnight now, the stone-crushing industry in Belgaum district has completely shut with the district administration cutting electricity connection to these industries. The snap in power supply follows directives from the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB), in compliance with the Supreme Court order.There are around 250 registered stone crushing units across the district having monthly turnovers amounting to over Rs 2 crore. There are also hundreds of unregistered units that operate on a smaller scale. With the closure of these units, more than 5,000 people working in this industry became unemployed overnight. The cascading effect is that it is also likely to hit the livelihood of lakhs of workers engaged in construction work, with the shortage of stone chips, or 'jelly'.According to the SC order, stone crushers should function only in the safe zones identified by the respective state governments. Following the order, KSPCB identified seven safer zones in different taluks of the district - one each in Athani, Hukkeri, Gokak, Ramdurg and Savadatti taluks and two zones in Bailhongal taluk.Sanjeev Hattiholi, president of Belgaum District Quarry Owners Association, said Karnataka assembly passed the Stone Crusher Regulation Act in December 2011. According to the Act, safer zones should be identified within four months from the date of commencement of Act. \"But till date, only seven zones have been identified in the district. Besides, identified zones are not viable as there aren't any infrastructure facilities like roads, electricity and water supply,\" he said. He also sought to know why the restriction of safer zone was being imposed in Karnataka alone while other states have rejected it.KSPCB's deputy director Jagadish said the committee headed by the deputy commissioner identified the seven places in the district, for which the pollution control board gave approval. Once the gazette notification process was completed, land would be handed over to the Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB) for its development, he said.As Belgaum is a border district, people import stone jelly from Maharashtra in case of shortage, where there is no restriction of safer zone. But this entails paying sales tax of both states along with transportation cost, which almost doubles the cost of jelly per load, said Hattiholi, adding that the restriction would translate to huge revenue for the neighbouring state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586178", "title": "Twitter goes gaga Poonam Pandey\u2019s film title", "text": "While there has been no news on Poonam Pandey's film, which is still in the teething stages, what with the newbie cast still rehearsing, fans of the strip queen have gone ahead and already conferred the title on the long-in-the-can films.Of late, there has been a lot of speculation over the male lead in the bikini bombshell film, with sources hinting that the makers are in the middle of casting a new face who was also part of a recent TV series.Surprisingly, the girl who loves being in the buff has started dressing up after facing flak from moral police and mandal authorities. Case in point, she was spotted floundering in a sari at a recent Ganesh Chaturthi puja in Mumbai, where she turned up in a mauve sari.Poonam's faitful legions flooded the micro-blogging site with cheesy titles, such as The Dirtiest Picture , giving a stiff competition to Viday Balan. Here's another cracker: Quest of losing virginity.Here's a look at some of the wisecracks:B*** BhulaiyaQueen of Pink-landThe Story of A StripperS** On The Beach", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581455", "title": "Civic chief cracks whip, gets Great Nag road opened for traffic", "text": "NAGPUR: After 18 months, the stretch of Great Nag road from Dhantoli to Ashirwad Talkies square has been finally opened for traffic, on Thursday. The road had been closed as repairs were being done on the old trunk sewage line.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, who visited the site on Tuesday, had expressed strong displeasure over the delay in completion of repair works that was being carried out by Hitesh Construction.He questioned NMC's decision to close one side of the stretch from Sardar Patel square to Ashirwad Talkies square - since early 2011 - just to plug a leak in the main old trunk sewage line. Irked over the delay Wardhane directed the contractor and NMC officials to complete the work in 48 hours.Of the half km stretch, work has been completed only up to 100 metres. The remaining stretch will be repaired after monsoon, Hitesh Construction said.The firm has attributed the delay in repair works to shortage of labourers, informed Wardhane. Following civic chief's directives, site engineer (junior engineer, NMC) R R Hatwar himself monitored the work and by Thursday morning half of the road was opened for traffic.However, the private firm's representative said that the delay was due to a big clog in the drain. \"When we started the work we were asked to plug the leak but later on we found a big clog in the line,\" the representative said and added that incessant rain also accounted for slowing down of the work.People travelling from Dhantoli towards Reshimbagh and vice versa had to endure a lot of hardships as one side of road was closed for vehicular movement.The woes of the people don't end here. The cement road on this stretch has not yet been opened for traffic. Even the much-needed footpath is absent. Local residents want to know as to why the authorities have started work in such great haste before the civic elections. The road also comes under the 250km cement roads project that NMC had undertaken. In fact, it also comes under the first phase of the proposal to construct 26km cement roads at a cost of Rs 101.19 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16582977", "title": "Civic body rapped for mosquito menace", "text": "CUTTACK: The Cuttack Municipal Corporation has been lax in getting the city rid of mosquitoes in view of the dengue menace.Water-logging in slums and low-lying areas has made these places ideal for mosquito breeding. But the CMC is doing nothing to stop this even though many are suffering from dengue in the city,\" said D N Lenka , a resident of CDA.People have alleged that neither anti-mosquito oil has been sprayed in drains nor is CMC carrying out fogging and bush-cutting. Even councilors have rapped the corporation for this laxity. \"CMC authorities are not carrying out bush-cutting and fogging in my ward properly. Due to unclean surroundings, the ward had become a breeding ground for mosquitoes,\" said Hrushikesh Dehuri, councillor of ward no.3.Sources said on an average the CMC spends Rs one crore annually to deal with the mosquito menace. The civic body owns 55 fogging machines and has allotted one each to 54 wards. Even the state government has also provided 2,000 litres of Temiphos anti-larva chemical to the civic body to carry out the spraying work properly. But nothing is being done, alleged the corporators. \"Civic body provides only 400 ml of Temiphos chemical to each ward daily. This is not enough to cover all drains. One fogging machine has been allotted to each ward, but these are hardly used,\" alleged Pradip Behera, BJD councilor of ward no. 52.But the health officer of CMC refuted the allegations. He claimed that adequate steps are being taken to check spread of dengue. \"At present, the mosquito density in the city is just 40, which is the lowest. Not a single case of dengue has been detected in the city so far. This shows that we have managed to check the mosquito menace,\" said P K Pradhan, health officer of CMC. He said bush cutting and fogging has been intensified in different wards of the city in the wake of dengue outbreak.\"We have launched fogging in different wards. Awareness drives have also been taken up. Through distribution of leaflets and announcements over microphones, we are asking people to clean water,\" Pradhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582801", "title": "18 districts to get new collectors", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major reshuffle, the state government transferred 22 IAS officers, including 18 district collectors, late on Thursday night. District collectors transferred included those from the state capital Jaipur, Dausa, Barmer, Sirohi, Churu, Udaipur, Bharatpur, Bikaner, Pali, Hanumangarh, Jodhpur, Chittorgarh and others.Jaipur's district collector Naveen Mahajan has been made managing director, Rajasthan Industrial Development and Investment Corporation ( RIICO). Mahajan had been in the eye of the storm during the recent deluge that hit city, leaving 10 people dead. He is replaced by T Ravikant who was chairman, Rajasthan Housing Board.Hemant Kumar Gera, district collector of Udaipur will take over as Inspector General, stamp and registration, Ajmer. His replacement is Vikas Sitaramji Bhaley, who was posted as District Collector, Churu.Subir Kumar, director, college education and principal secretary, higher education would take charge as district collector of Hanumangarh. Bhawani Singh Detha would be the new district collector of Chittorgarh.Bikaner collector Dr Prithvi Raj has been made the project director of Rajasthan Urban Infrastructure Development Project. He is replaced by Aarti Dogra who was the collector of Bundi district. Hanumangarh collector Bhanu Prakash has been given the charge of Barmer. Pali collector Niraj K Pawan is the new chairman of Rajasthan Housing Board. Gaurav Goyal who was made collector of Bharatpur after the Gopalgarh violence will take charge as collector, Jodhpur.Goyal is replaced by R S Jakhar who was earlier posted at Dausa on the same post.Dr Arushi Ajay who was awaiting posting orders will take charge as director, water conservation development and money collection, Jaipur. Rohit Gupta, the district collector Jhalawar will now take charge of Churu. V Sarvan Kumar, the collector of Baran will now take charge as additional commissioner (commercial department), Jaipur.Vishnu Sharan Mallik, district collector, Karauli was made secretary, Jaipur Development Authority. Teena Kumar, district collector, Pratapgarh was made director, literacy and education. Dr Veena Pradhan, collector of Barmer, has been made director, secondary school department, Bikaner. Banna Lal, district collector Baran will take charge as director, public services, Jaipur \u2014 a new post", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16583241", "title": "Bo scandal: Doubts over UK businessman\u2019s death arise", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese forensic scientist has cast doubt on the official version of the death of a Briton, which triggered a huge political scandal , ending the career of senior Communist Party leader Bo Xilai.Forensic scientist Wang Xuemei told the BBC that there was little evidence to show that Neil Heywood died from cyanide poisoning in November last as stated by prosecution. Bo's wife Gu Kailai got a suspended death sentence for giving cyanide to Heywood, who she said threatened her son's security.\"However, the account given in court of how Gu killed Heywood does not tally with cyanide poisoning,\" Wang, who works for China's top prosecutor's office said. Cyanide would have caused lightning-fast asphyxia, spasms and a heart attack and turned his skin and blood bright red, which investigators would easily have spotted, she said. \"A simple test for cyanide is also standard forensic practice in China, but none was presented in court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581859", "title": "Delhi\u2019s first royal tomb lost to shrubs and goats", "text": "NEW DELHI: It may have been identified as an archaeological park under Master Plan of Delhi 2021, but the area surrounding the early 13th-century Sultangarhi tomb \u2014 the first royal tomb in Delhi \u2014 is far from being a tourist attraction. Lack of proper signage and pathways, and the obscure location of the approach road have made it difficult for visitors to access the site in the city's southwest. The only people who pay the occasional visit to the ASI-protected tomb are locals.The master plan defines an archaeological park as \"an area distinguishable by heritage resources which has the potential to become an interpretative educational reserve for the public in addition to being a tourist attraction\". However, the definition on paper only remains a vision. A reality check showed that the park is nothing but a neglected green area which could have become a major tourist destination had the Archaeological Survey of India and Delhi Development Authority paid some attention to its upkeep. The other two archaeological parks identified under the master plan are at Tughlaqabad and Mehrauli.Located in the midst of the green area, Sultangarhi tomb is on ASI's list of 10 ticketed monuments but statistics reveal that the body earns no revenue from the tomb. A lone ASI guard sits at the gate clutching a bundle of tickets, ready to welcome the rare visitor. The ticket counter was burnt down by locals a few years ago.\"The only people who visit the spot are local villagers who come to offer prayers. For others, it is impossible to get here from the main road as the approach road is difficult to locate,\" said the guard. While the tomb itself is in a good condition, the ruins surrounding it are marred by moss-covered walls. A Tughlaq-era well located a stone's throw away has also been neglected for decades.\"Some years ago, Intach had undertaken conservation work on the ruins and put up information boards. But over the years, the ruins have been vandalized and encroached upon,\" said an official.Sources add that the lack of proper pathways and presence of anti-social elements in the vicinity act as a deterrent for visitors. More importantly, awareness on the park's historical significance is missing. Also, there are no security personnel to safeguard the premises.Inky portions of the green area were identified as the archaeological park but boundaries have not been carved yet, said a DDA official. Urban experts say that outlining boundaries is crucial for the park's maintenance otherwise encroachments are bound to crop up.\"What DDA needs to do is place on record what is the significance of defining a green area as an archaeological park and implement a proper management plan to preserve the park's historical character as well as to keep the green belt alive. Facilities have to be created so that the park is ready to receive visitors,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16583875", "title": "Varanasi set to welcome foreign delegates today", "text": "VARANASI: The city is all set to welcome the foreign delegates arriving from 30 countries on Friday to attend the three-day International Buddhist Conclave organised jointly by the UP Tourism and the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India.The city, known for its antiquity and vibrant culture, will have all the guests have their first encounter with the Ganga Aarti at the ghats in the evening. The majestic riverfront of the city attracts the foreign as well the domestic tourists alike. The 7km long stretch of the riverfront presents a magnificent view of the architectural row of lofty buildings and holy sites.Since the conclave aims to promote Buddhist circuit in the country, the most important place for the tourists would be Sarnath where Lord Buddha preached his first sermons.After attending the inaugural function and taking part in panel discussion on 'Buddhist pilgrimage in India' on Saturday, they will visit Buddhist sites at Sarnath including Dhamek Stupa and archaeological museum. Besides, the Dhamek stupa and museum, Sarnath has a number of sites including Chaukhandi Stupa, Buddhist monasteries and temples. The Dhamekh Stupa is considered to be the most sacred structure at Sarnath. Another is Chaukhandi Stupa that is believed to be constructed in the 5th century BC. One of the most attracting places is the Archaeological Museum which is the oldest site museum of the Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI).According to records, in order to preserve the antiquities found from this site, a decision was taken in 1904 to construct a museum adjacent to the excavated site at Sarnath. The building was completed in 1910 to house, display and study the antiquities. The building forms half of a monastery (Sangharama) in plan. There are five galleries and two verandahs. The antiquities in the museum are dated from 3rd century BC to 12th century AD.The Shakyasimha gallery displays the most prized collections of the museum. In the centre of this gallery is the Lion Capital of the Mauryan Pillar which has become the National Emblem of India. Apart from the images of Buddha in different posture and Tara, the inscribed colossal standing images of Bodhisattva in red sandstone dedicated by Bhikshu Bala, octagonal shaft, umbrella are also exhibited.Triratna gallery exhibits the images of Buddhist deities and some associated objects. A standing image of Siddhakavira which is a form of Manjusri, standing Tara, leopgraph, seated Bodhisattva Padmapani, stele depicting miracle of Sravasti, Jambhala alongwith vasudhara, depiction of Ramgrama stupa being protected by Nagas, Inscriptions of Kumardevi, stele depicting Astamahasthana (eight great places) related to Lord Buddha's life, Sunga railings are of considerable eminence.Tathagata gallery displays images of Lord Buddha in different attitude, Vajrasattva, Bodhisattva padmapani, Nilakantha Lokesvara with a cup of poison, maitreya, preaching Buddha, the most notable sculpture of Sarnath School of art.Trimurti gallery contains pot-bellied seated Yaksha figure, image of Trimurti (Brahama, Vishnu and Mahesh) Surya, Saraswati, Mahisasur mardini and some secular objects like figures of birds, animals, male and female heads as well as some stucco figures. Ashutosh gallery exhibits Brahmanical deities like Shiva in different forms, Vishnu, Ganesh, Kartikeya, Agni, Parvati, Navagrahas, Bhairava and a colossal Andhakasuravadha (killing of demon Andhaka) by Shiva. Mostly architectural members are on display at two verandahs of the museum. A large lintel depicting story of shantivadina Jataka is a beautiful piece of art.The Sarnath area has been developed as a place of pilgrimage for Buddhists from India and abroad. Countries like Thailand, Japan, Tibet, Sri Lanka and Myanmar, where Buddhism is a major religion, have established temples and monasteries in Sarnath. Besides, the place also has Mahabodhi Temple, Deer Park, and archaeological excavation area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581386", "title": "Cattle sheds to be shifted to Bhandewadi", "text": "NAGPUR: If municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane is to be believed, the stray cattle menace on city roads will end soon. Nagpur Municipal Corporation is all set to shift all the licenced stray cattle from the city to Bhandewadi.Confirming the development, Wardhane told TOI that the cattleshed at Bhandewadi will be created on the lines of Anand and Nandigram in Gujarat. At present, NMC has reserved around 10 acres for the purpose, he said, adding it will not be sufficient to accommodate the 4,376 cattle registered by 457 cattle shed owners who have obtained annual licences from the district dairy development department. If required, another 20 acre will be spared. NMC owns around 596 acres at Bhandewadi.He clarified that NMC will give priority to only licenced cattle owners. According to Wardhane, the health department is preparing the project to shift the cattle sheds. NMC veterinary officer Dr Gajendra Mahalle will be leaving for Gujarat on Sunday to study similar projects being implemented at several places there.He also pointed out that the project will be unique, as the corporation is planning to use the cow dung to generate biogas, which can be used to generate power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583595", "title": "Water resources department releases flood calendar for 2013", "text": "PATNA: Water resources department (WRD) released its flood calendar (FC) 2013 on Thursday to streamline the local survey, selection and issuance of work order regarding flood protection measures and anti-erosion work to be taken up next year.As per the FC 2013, all the mandatory initial works, including local survey and identification of 'critical points' needing urgent attention and work have to be completed by December 28 this year. The survey has already begun, with deadline for completion this month itself.Accordingly, the work allotment to the agencies concerned would be made by December 31 and the execution of approved schemes would begin on January 1, while they would be completed by May 31.Moreover, for the supervision and monitoring of the anti-erosion work, the team concerned would be constituted, and it would start making local visits from January 7. The special order for the flood fighting measures would be announced on May 2. After completion of the anti-erosion work taken up for implementation during the period, the final report on the anti-erosion work done would be submitted by May 31. Finally, the tentative date for the constitution of the flood control cell has been fixed as June 3.WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary and department's principal secretary Afzal Amanullah have approved the calendar so that the schemes are completed before the onset of floods next year.While the state has 15 endemic flood prone districts, the length of the major embankments is slightly over 3,000km. During FC 2012, around 372 big and small schemes were taken up for execution. Of them, 359 schemes were completed.The major critical points where flood fighting and anti-erosion measures were taken up during the flood season this year included part of Pipra-Piprasi embankment in Gopalganj district and threat to bank of the river Ganga at Barh in Patna district, as well as the Ismailpur-Bindtoli and Khairpur-Raghopur stretches along the downstream of the river Ganga in north Bhagalpur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16581693", "title": "Tirupati blueprint for Deoghar crowd control", "text": "RANCHI: The Baidyanathdham shrine in Deoghar will soon get a Tirupati-like crowd management system to ensure that incidents like this week's stampede - which killed nine devotees at a satsang ashram - do o not take place in the future. The queue complex would work like the crowd management system in place at Tirumala Venkateswara Temple in Tirupati and is to be ready before May 2014.The state cabinet has sanctioned a Rs 38.37-crore project to build a queue complex and the tourism department has also signed an MoU with a Delhi-based agency for the purpose. The complex will have multi-levels and will also cater to medicinal and sanitary needs of the devotees. Sources said the department will also install TV screens to show Ramayana and Mahabharata episodes to devotees queuing up outside the shrine.The union of the priests at the temple, Panda Dharma Rakshini Sabha (PDRS) has welcomed the cabinet approval for the queue complex. \"It will draw more devotees to the temple,\" said Vinodaat Dwari, president of Panda Dharma Rakshini Sabha (PDRS). The development will also make it easy for VIPs to visit the shrine during Shravani Mela. As there is no innovative crowd management system at the temple now, the district administration does not allow celebrities to visit the shrine during the monthlong Mela.The famous Baidyanathdham shrine draws over 50 lakh devotees in the months of July and August every year. Even though 6,000 policemen are usually deployed in and around the shrine during Shravani Mela, they are unable to do their job properly in the absence of a proper crowd control mechanism.Jharkhand tourism minister Vimla Pradhan said, \"The complex will be a boon for devotees. During Shravani Mela more than 18km-long queues are witnessed outside Baidyanathdham and devotees have to wait for hours to offer prayers at the temple. The Tirupati model is a tried and tested way to handle a large number of devotees,\" said Pradhan.The state government will bear Rs 14 crore as cost for the queue complex. The work for preparing a design layout and tendering will soon be complete. Jharkhand's tourism director Siddharth Tripathi said, \"The work has to be completed within 18 months of the signing of the agreement. The deal was signed earlier this month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581732", "title": "Talwars slam CBI for citing new papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lawyers for doctors Rajesh and Nupur Talwar on Thursday filed a list of objections to CBI's application for producing more documents in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case. CBI had on September 25 filed an application in court seeking to produce a list of 10 documents that were not part of the annexure submitted to either the court or the defence earlier.Defence counsels raised the point of CBI seeking to submit a letter from CDFD Hyderabad that draws attention to a typographical error in a report already presented in court. While the CDFD report stated that Hemraj's blood was found on Krishna's pillow, the laboratory's letter now says this was a typographical error.The defence asked why these documents were not submitted on September 25. \"The CBI has specifically asserted that they have already filed copies of some relevant pages of documents which are already on record. It is strange that the reasons behind this selective and partial filing of the documents have not been explained.\" The court reserved its judgment but directed CBI to \"place documents for its perusal to see the relevance of their contents\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581612", "title": "Film director Sanjay Surkar passes away", "text": "PUNE: Noted Marathi film director Sanjay Surkar died on Thursday, following a cardiac arrest, officials at a city hospital where he was admitted said.Sources said Surkar, 53, was in the city for the casting of his forthcoming film. He collapsed during discussion and was declared dead on admission to the hospital. Known for his sensitive handling of novel themes, Surkar had earned critical acclaim for his films like 'Saatchya Aat Gharat', 'Chowkat Raja', 'Tu Tithe Mee' and 'Anandache Zaad'.While 'Chowkat Raja' is a story about a mentally-challenged individual (played by Dilip Prabhavalkar), 'Tu Tithe Mee' throws light on the emotions and feelings of senior citizens. 'Saatchya Aat Gharat' is based on a real life incident of a girl who was raped by a person posing as a policeman. The film presents a compelling debate on the incident, its fallout and also the youth culture. Surkar also directed the television serial 'Avantika'. However, his Hindi film, 'Stand By', received a lukewarm response.Vilas Datar of the private hospital said, \"Surkar was brought in around 11.35 am in an unconscious state with no recordable pulse and blood pressure. The hospital staff tried to revive him, but their efforts proved futile and he was declared dead at 12.35 pm. Medical reports said Surkar died of cardio respiratory arrest.\"Filmmaker Ravi Chopra's 'Baghban', starring Amitabh Bachchan and Hema Malini , was inspired by Surkar's 'Tu Tithe Mee', which had won a national award.Virendra Chitrav of Aashay Film Club, who has known Surkar for over 20 years, said it is a big loss to the Marathi film industry. \"Sanjay has contributed to the Marathi industry in a great way and he always tried to present different subjects through his films.\"\"He maintained good relationship with actors, technicians and kept a cool head while working on film sets. Surkar loved to shoot in Pune and had a production base here,\" he added.The filmmaker's sudden demise shocked the Marathi film industry. Actors tweeted condolence messages as soon as they came to know about his death. Actor Shreyas Talpade said, \"Not a great way to start your day. Heard about the demise of ace Marathi director Sanjay Surkar. RIP Sanjayda. You will be missed. This year has been terrible\".Another actor, Renuka Shahane, tweeted, \"Terribly shocked by Sanjay Surkar's loss. One of my favourite directors has passed away. Totally saddened\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581427", "title": "Woman throws off 'stillborn', arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old woman was arrested on Thursday for throwing off her day-old baby girl in Sewri creek on Wednesday.Locals found the baby near an anchored ship.The baby was taken to JJ Hospital but was declared dead before admission.The woman has confessed to throwing off her baby, however, she said the infant was born dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583067", "title": "Cops hunt for 3 students for attack on 19-year-old", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are searching for three students of Pachaiyappa's College who beat up a 19-year-old student of Presidency College near Vyasarpadi on Wednesday evening.Even as police started a probe into the incident, senior police officers held a review meeting and attempted to formulate a plan to put a check on incidents of violence by students. The meeting was prompted by a series of clashes between students of Presidency, Pachaiyappa's and other colleges in the city.Police said Arularasu (name changed) was beaten up by the Pachaiyappa's College students after an argument aboard a bus on Wednesday. A police officer said Arularasu was travelling in an MTC bus and the Pachaiyappa's College students were standing on the footboard.\"They picked up a quarrel with him when the bus was at the Ambedkar Nagar bus stand in Vyasarpadi,\" the officer said. \"When the bus reached MKB Nagar, the three students confronted him. They asked him if he was a student of Presidency College. The boy refused to say which college he was from, fearing they would attack him.\"He told them that he was from a different college. The Pachaiyappa's College students slapped Arularasu and chased him away. They reportedly entered the bus looking for students from Presidency College.When the driver saw them creating a ruckus, he warned them that he would call the police. The driver later alerted the police and based on a complaint from the assaulted student on Thursday, police started a search for his assailants.\"We have received a complaint from the student. He did not have any serious injuries,\" the officer said. \"He has given us a description of the students who attacked him and we are looking for them.\"Police commissioner S George has asked senior police officers to hold talks with college representatives and students to curb violence among students.\"It is time that we considered the safety of the public. Students are attacking each other and vandalising public property every day,\" said a senior police officer. \"Police will take severe action against troublemakers. They will not be allowed to go scot-free.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16581812", "title": "Ranchiites hiring pro spies to snoop on partners", "text": "RANCHI: Amrita broke off her engagement with Prakash when she found out that he was in a relationship with another girl from his office. The money she paid a detective agency to spy on her fiance and his family had not been wasted and saved her from hassles in the future. The trend of hiring detectives to keep an eye on their partner, spouse or lover has been increasing over the last few years with people - particularly young couples and soon-to-be-married lot -spending a huge amount of money to hire professional sleuths if they are suspicious about their partners' activities.Most detective agencies offering their services in Ranchi operate from metro cities like Mumbai and New Delhi. Abhishek Boora of Helik Advisory Ltd, a Mumbai-based private detective agency, said: \"We get almost 25-30 such cases from Ranchi every month. Of these, almost 15 are pre and post-matrimonial investigations, while the remaining are young lovers who want to find out if their partner has been cheating on them.\"Boora said most of the cases come from those going for an arranged married. \"Ususally, we discover that the boy or girl has lied about their job, salary or family background,\" he said. \"Among married couples, some approach us when they feel that their spouse is cheating on them or sometimes they just want to know if their better half has been loyal or not,\" added Boora.While probing such cases, the detective agencies came across some gangs which use girls to dupe money from rich men. Rahul Roy of Veteran Investigation Services, another Mumbai-based agency that offers its services in Ranchi, said: \"There are a few groups of criminals that get girls marries rich men and get a share of the alimony after divorce.\"Citing a case from Ranchi, Roy said: \"A man recently approached us to investigate a woman he was about to get married to. The woman was 35 and claimed she was unmarried. We, however, found that the she had been married thrice earlier and had taken a huge amount in alimony from all her husbands after staying with them for barely two to four months.\"The suspicion among the couples is also giving ground for local detective agencies to flourish. Alok Nath, director of Balaji Security and Detective Force, said: \"These days we are getting a lot of cases in which couples want to probe into each others life. People approached us for spying and we decided to provide our services as a detective agency too.\" Apart from this these agencies are also engaged by worried parents who have put their sons and daughters in hostels and want to keep a tab on their activities other than academics.(Some names have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581806", "title": "FDA to offer tips on healthy cooking to street food sellers", "text": "MUMBAI: Street food will soon don the \"healthy\" tag with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) planning to hold training sessions for vendors and give them lessons on how to cook and serve hygienic fare. The pilot project will include vendors at Nariman Point, Girgaum chowpatty, Juhu chowpatty and Khau Galli at Marine Lines.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade said the plan was aimed at sensitizing street food hawkers about the health hazards that unhygienic cooking might cause. The department will start with registering eating joints and then holding workshops and seminars for the sellers. \"They will be taught to use fresh raw material, wear caps while preparing food and put on gloves while serving food,\" Zagade said. The project will also be held in Pune, Nagpur, Kolhapur and Nashik.The FDA on Thursday announced how it has cracked down on food and drug adulteration a year after the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, came into effect. Zagade attributed their \"triumph\" to increased raids and checks. Food inspectors across the state have been carrying test kids and conducting on-the-spot checks to see if the food and medicine samples complied with the safety standards. In the festive season, Zagade said, the checks would be intensified.Since the beginning of September, the FDA collected 62 samples of mawa and 47 of sweets to check their quality; following a test, the officials seized both the items, collectively worth Rs 3.28 lakh, for poor quality.Zagade said efforts to curb milk adulteration, too, seemed to have yielded results. Of the 944 milk samples tested in the state, 690 conformed to set standards. \"While 226 samples were substandard, meaning they had less fat content, only 1.8% was found to be unfit for consumption,\" he said. Unsafe milk powder, worth Rs 49 lakh, was seized and destroyed immediately.Adulteration has been found to be less in medicines manufactured in the state. This was revealed by 20,833 samples of drugs brought from other states in three years; of them 1,488 or 7.14% tested below standard. Among the 9,148 samples of state-manufactured drugs tested, only 2.67% was of poor quality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586386", "title": "Hair-loss drug causes sexual side effects in men", "text": "Propecia, a hair restoration product manufactured by US pharmaceutical company Merck, interferes with male hormones, including testosterone derivatives.Over the years, a vast number of men have reported experiencing unexplained sexual side effects, including impotence, erectile dysfunction, lower sex drive, infertility, testicular pain and genital shrinkage.Even when they stop using the drug, many of these men have reported that these side effects continue.In a new study, Dr Michael Irwig from George Washington University examined the long-term sexual effects experienced by a number of Propecia users.The study involved 71 healthy men between the ages of 21 to 46 who suffered from sexual side effects lasting at least three months, despite stopping taking the medication.Of those who were involved in the study, 94 per cent developed low libido, 92 per cent developed erectile dysfunction, 92 percent developed decreased arousal and 69 per cent developed problems with orgasm.\"This is the first trial to show the medication can cause persistent sexual side-effects and the risk needs to be known when men are contemplating taking the medication and doctors are prescribing the medication,\" Stuff.co.nz quoted Dr Irwig as saying.A second study by Dr Irwig showed that nearly 44 per cent of 61 young, healthy Propecia patients reported suicidal thoughts, while 36 per cent had symptoms of severe depression.In Europe and the USA, some of the world's leading medical authorities and research institutions have warned that Propecia presents a danger to thousands of healthy young men.The most common side effects of Propecia are:Trouble getting or keeping an erection Decrease in sex drive that sometimes continues after stopping the medication Male infertility or poor quality of semen Breast tenderness and enlargement Changes in breasts, such as lumps, pain or nipple discharge Problems with ejaculation that continue after stopping medication Testicular pain Allergic rash, itching, hives and swelling of the lipsThe first study has been published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine and the second has been published in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16581024", "title": "Buoyed by London, Vikas Gowda targets Moscow", "text": "BANGALORE: Satisfied with eighth place at the London Olympics, Vikas Gowda is now keen to raise the bar as he begins a new journey to climb the podium at the next Games in Brazil.Visiting India after completing the season, which he ended with the Diamond League in Brussels, the US-based Vikas said he would be taking a year-by-year approach in the run-up to Rio.\"First up for me is the World Championships in Moscow next year. Then it will be the Commonwealth Games (Glasgow, 2014) and Asian Games (Incheon, 2014) before I look to the Olympics, the ultimate goal,\" the 6' 9\" athlete said.Asked about his most satisfying event last season, Vikas, 29, said: \"It is the Olympics. It was the culmination of all the hard work and I'm happy to compete in probably one of the best finals at the Games. I opened it up but I never expected the others to raise the level like they did. The same effort was fifth in the World Championships but it was different here.\"He said the impressive show at the Olympics, has boosted his confidence.\"I had 3-4 throws that measured 64m. I was the first thrower in the final and my first heave straightaway increased the intensity. At the worlds the competitors took one or two rounds to peak but in London after the very first round the medalists were pretty much decided. May be starting first was a disadvantage or may be I was trying a bit too hard. But now I know what needs to be done. I'll continue my training with (John) Godina. I don't need to change much in my training as I'm confident in what I am doing. Competing in the top level competitions has really helped. Earlier I could meet the top stars only at the Olympics but now get to compete with them often and it really helped,\" he said.The Mysore-born athlete, accompanied by his father and coach Shive Gowda, on a short break to his homeland before he resumes his training, also hoped he won't be worrying too much about his finances like he did in the last few years. \"Things are much better and we have had very positive discussions with the sports ministry officials in New Delhi. I don't think I will be worrying about that like in the past,\" Vikas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16582128", "title": "Tiatrgate: Four held for fake tickets", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Thursday arrested four persons for printing and selling duplicate tickets for a charity performance of a tiatr.A resident of Candolim, Nirmala Costa Frias, had lodged a complaint with the Calangute police that some people were selling duplicate tickets for a performance of a tiatr, 'Hoi ani nam', which was to be staged at Kala Academy on September 30, in aid of the old age home run by the Society of St Vincent de Paul in Candolim.Costa Frias named four persons, Agnelo D'Costa of Navelim, Staney Menezes of New Vaddem-Vasco, Julio Rodrigues of Chinchinim and Glenn D'Souza of Pajifond, Margao, in her complaint. On receiving the complaint, Calangute PSI Melson Colaco swung into action and on Thursday arrested the four after summoning them for questioning.It is learnt that while the original donation passes printed had the line 'In aid of the Society of St Vincent de Paul', the fake donation passes, which were printed on similar paper, had the line 'In Aid of Old Age Home For Poor'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581941", "title": "Illegal shops razed in Civil Lines area", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A joint team of Allahabad Municipal Corporation and Allahabad Development Authority conducted a demolition drive on the Mahatma Gandhi Road in Civil Lines on Thursday.Various shops were razed to the ground during the demolition process. The demolition squad assembled near the All Saints Cathedral in Civil Lines at around 11am. Some illegal shops near the Government Press were also demolished. Senior AMC and ADA officials were present during the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16581714", "title": "'PLFI militants' kill two teenagers in Khunti", "text": "RANCHI: Two teenagers were killed allegedly by members of People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI), a splinter group of CPI (Maoists), in Khunti district, barely 35km from the state capital, late on Wednesday. The rebels reportedly dragged out the two from their homes at gunpoint and killed them at the village chowk in Gadsitam in Khunti district. The rebels slit the throat of Enu Ohdar (16) and shot dead Rajendra Singh (18). Though the duo raised an alarm, no villager dared to come to their rescue, sources said.Khunti SP Amarnath Mishra confirmed the incident. \"Enu Ohdar is the son of former PLFI member Manager Ohdar, who was recently released on bail and now lives in the village,\" he said. Sources, however, said the boys were killed because they had refused to join the PLFI. \"The rank and file of the PLFI was upset as Manager Ohdar had disassociated himself from all rebel activities,\" said a source.Mishra said that it was not clear whether the rebels had any role in the killings. \"Usually, extremists leave posters or letters after a murder. Nothing as such has been found from the spot,\" said Khunti SP. The police later claimed that the killing was a fall out of a dispute. \"The villagers have told us that a family feud was behind the murders. The matter is under investigation,\" said an officer.Sources said villagers usually make such claims fearing the rebels. \"After each killing, the rebels warn the entire village that more such murders would take place if anyone informs the police,\" said a police source. An FIR has been lodged in this connection, but no one has been detained in this connection so far.A spate of killings perpetrated by PLFI and other Maoist-linked groups in Khunti over the last year has alarmed the police headquarters in the state capital. DIG (Ranchi range) Sheetal Oraon recently acknowledged that rebel groups were dominant in the area. According to figures available, a total of 94 persons have been killed in the district this year alone. In two major incidents this year, Maoists killed seven persons on January 15 and another four boys on August 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16583951", "title": "Indore singer\u2019s voice impresses melody queen", "text": "INDORE: Joy knew no bounds for the Indore-based classical singer Varsha Jhalani when she was invited by none other than melody queen Lata Mangeshkar to sing at her home in Mumbai a few days ago. An ardent admirer of Lata didi, she considers the famous singer and occasional music composer 'God' and her first guru. Varsha's craze for her songs and melodious voice reportedly impressed Lata Mangeshkar and hence she had expressed desire to meet this city girl.Currently, Varsha is on a trip to Mumbai and planning to perform on the 85th birthday of Lata Mangeshkar.\"I will sing song in 12 languages from 9 am to 9 pm on September 28,\" said Varsha adding that her programme is being held at Matunga in Mumbai. Varsha, who is a non-Marathi, had recently held a show of Marathi songs in Indore, and has been a known face on television through various reality shows like Sa Re Ga Ma.. and Meri Awaz Suno.\"I turned speechless when I heard that my 'god,' whom I also consider my first guru wants to meet me at her house 'Prabhukunj,' said the Indore-based singer adding that she was on cloud nine when Lata praised her during their meeting last Thursday.\"The first thing she asked me about Indore,\" recalled Varsha while talking to TOI over phone from Mumbai.\"I recited some Marathi songs composed by Hridaynath Mangeshkar, which enthralled Lataji,\" said the emotionally 'charged' Varsha. \"I wish to listen to Lataji's songs even during the last moments of my life,\" she added.Varsha has been inspired by her mother Sita Jhala. According to Varsha's brother Sunil Jhalani, just before the birth of Varsha, their mother had immersed herself in 'Lata world' by listening to Swar Kokila's songs and pasting her pictures all over the walls of her room.\"We also have a temple of Lataji at our home in Palasia in Indore,\" concluded Sunil, who is himself a musician. Vasrha is the disciple of Meena Tai Moghe who prompted her to learn songs in Marathi, Bengali, Gujarati and Tamil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "director", "code": "16585601", "title": "Oh My God: for \u2018God\u2019s sake\u2019 you can\u2019t miss this film!", "text": "Director: Umesh Shukla Cast: Paresh Rawal, Akshay KumarIn a country like India that is widely God-fearing, a film like OMG Oh My God , that fearlessly and unwaveringly raises fingers at the commonplace commercialization of religious customs, is certainly an audacious attempt. Oh My God shouldn't be mistaken to be a film that endorses atheism. Rather it questions blind faith.Kanjibhai (Paresh Rawal) makes a living out of selling idols of God but is himself a staunch disbeliever. When his shop is shattered in an earthquake, the insurance company rejects his claim on grounds that the incident was an act of God - something that isn't covered within their policy. An outraged Kanjibhai moves the court of law asking compensation from God. Since God has no address, he summons religious leaders (headed by Mithun Chakravarthy), arguing that they represent God on earth and thereby should compensate his loss.What seems like a preposterous petition turns into a complicated courtroom drama and subsequently Lord Krishna (Akshay Kumar) himself takes human form and comes down to earth to guide Kanjibhai in his dispute against divinity.At the outset, Oh My God might seem like a ludicrous and fanciful fable. But this very implausibility of the plot, when presented convincingly, turns to be the film's highlight. Kanjibhai self-contests his case, presenting such interesting arguments that the high court judge (like the viewer), who is initially disapproving of the lawsuit, acknowledges his line of reasoning and green-lights the trial. What makes Kanjibhai's character original and interesting is the fact that his atheism isn't triggered from some past angst with God (ala Amitabh Bachchan in Deewaar ) nor by any scientific philosophies. He just loathes the blatant business, built out of blind faith, which bolsters his disbelief.The smartness that writer-director Umesh Shukla brings to the narrative is that he never blames God for any misdoings (that would be blasphemous). Rather humans and their inherent greed are largely shown to be the bone of contention here. Thereby religious heads are brought under prosecution and, through them, their blind followers are largely targeted.In a steadfast devout nation, this film has the nerve to openly point out how religious traditions like pouring milk on idols in temples or offering sheets of flowers in mosques or burning candles outside churches are merely moneymaking gimmicks, devised in the name of God. The film rightly points out how devotees, without a second thought, would make divine donations but hardly even consider charity for the needy.However, despite its sensitive take on devotion and, moreover, having a protagonist who never believes in God, the film strongly approves of the Almighty and in fact makes his presence felt in human form (through Akshay's character).It illustrates of God as someone who won't solve your problems but surely guide you through them. And more importantly it calls for devotion that isn't 'God-fearing' but 'God-loving'. Through such individualistic ideologies, Oh My God goes beyond the cinematic boundaries of being merely an entertainment medium and has the potential to make one reconsider their pious practices and spiritual philosophies.With the thin line on which the film treads, it's imperative that the film have an as much sturdy climax. One fears that, after having a burly buildup, will the film live up to the expectations in the end or fall flat. But the director does save the best for the last. The film occasionally resorts to convenience when Kanjibhai finds solution to his legal battle in religious scriptures. But then, like Munnabhai found his answer in Gandhigiri , Kanjibhai finds his way out through the holy books.Since the film is primarily argument-oriented, it heavily relies on dialogues and it's important to point here that the lines are pensively penned, making even the improbable seem persuasive. Kanjibhai draws your attention when he says ' Dharm insaan ko bebas banata hain ya antankwadi ' (Religion makes humans either vulnerable or terrorist). Subsequently Krishna enlightens ' Tum kisi se uska dharm mat cheeno, phir woh tumhe apna dharm bana lenge ' (If you take away a human's religion, they will make you their religion). Perhaps one can attribute the sensibility and thoughtfulness of the written material to the Gujarati play ' Kanji Virrudh Kanji ' on which the film is based.Paresh Rawal is amongst the few immensely talented character actors who can carry an entire film on their shoulders. As Kanjibhai he puts in a solid performance and has the conviction to make you contemplate. Akshay Kumar as the ever-smiling Lord Krishna who perpetually spins a keychain on his finger (symbolizing Sudarshan Chakra) is graceful in his extended special appearance. Mithun Chakravarthy as the sissy spiritual guru has few lines but more expressions. Govind Namdeo gets good scope to go theatrical. Om Puri and Nikhil Ratnaparkhi are decent in their respective roles.It is gutsy for a matinee idol like Akshay Kumar (also the film's producer) to make a statement against idol worship. Oh My God is a moral science lesson that doesn't sound preachy. This is a film that not only entertains and inspires but also enlightens.For 'God's sake', you can't afford to miss this one!Verdict: Very Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16582685", "title": "Serial killer still at large", "text": "LUDHIANA: Basti Jodhewal police are yet to get hold of serial killer Mohammad Naseer, who escaped from the police station on September 20. He was arrested along with other members of his gang on September 18.Police say they have gathered some clues about Naseer's whereabouts and hope to close in on him soon. On September 20, cops at Basti Jodhewal police station took Naseer out of the lockup when he was quarrelling with his brother and the serial killer did not miss the opportunity to flee. Three personnel from Basti Jodhewal were suspended in this matter.Basti Jodhewal SHO Balwinder Singh said Naseer's brother Mohammad Sadiq and another associate Mohammad Aslam were taken by Jamalpur police station in connection with another murder case after Naseer fled from Basti Jodhewal police station. Another member of this gang, Manzar hasn't come under cops' clutches so far. Naseer and his accomplices are accused of murdering Ravi Kumar, who used to reside in New Subhash Nagar, in March 2011, on the directions of Ravi's friend Ishwar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581628", "title": "'Look beyond fiscal sops to make homes affordable'", "text": "PUNE: Union finance minister P Chidambaram may soon announce a set of measures to give a boost to the country's real estate sector which is hit by the high cost of finance and low availability of housing stock. Real estate players, however, feel the thinking underlying any such move by the government should go beyond offering fiscal concessions and address the other issues that have a role in jacking up the costs of homes.The government is in the process of formulating a reforms package for the real estate sector which may consist mainly of financial sops such as reduction of lending rates by banks or relaxation of norms for classification of their real estate exposure. Observers say these fiscal efforts may be inadequate to solve the entire gamut of problems confronting the realty sector.Sanjay Dutt, executive managing director, South Asia, at the real estate research firm Cushman &amp; Wakefield told TOI that though the government is propagating active participation from the private sector in tiding over housing shortage, it is reluctant to provide suitable conditions for such development. \"The recent policy allowing external commercial borrowing for mass housing projects is a positive sign, but more would have to be done such as greater availability of land, tax incentives for the economically weaker sections (EWS) and the low-income groups (LIG), low land cost through higher floor space index and short approval process can go a long way in easing pressure on prices,\" he said. Also important would be measures such as removal of customs duty pre-fab manufacturing plants and such technologies, Dutt added.The current estimated shortage of 18.78 million urban houses as reported by the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation shows that nearly 25% of urban Indian households are without proper homes, he said. \"That almost all these households belong to people in the EWS and LIG is hardly surprising. This is an indication of the times to come, when unauthorised housing and poor living conditions in the urban areas will only grow, unless some drastic measures are taken to address the issue. The government efforts have not been enough to curtail the housing problem, while the private sector does not have the bandwidth to provide housing for EWS or LIG section within the city limits owing to high input costs,\" Dutt said.Rohit Gera, director, Gera Developments, said, \"A reduction in the high interest rates for home owners will come as a boost for the citizen who is reeling under high inflation - many home buyers have as much as 50% of their income going towards EMIs for home loans. The relaxation in the provisioning norms for real estate loans will also lead to a marginal reduction in the cost of borrowing for developers.\"Gera said the other area that adds tremendously to the overall cost is the inordinate time it takes to obtain sanctions for commencement of any construction project. This can range from six months for a small project to over two years for a project requiring environmental impact assessment approvals, he said, adding that during this time the project continues to incur costs that get loaded onto the final home buyer. The two foremost things, therefore, that can be done to reduce the costs for future home buyers will be to address these two issues squarely, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16582799", "title": "HC notice on quarries near Kudankulam nuclear plant", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday, ordered issue of notice to V V Minerals a company, which was quarrying within the five km radius of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project ( KKNPP), after admitting a public interest litigation which sought an interim injunction to restrain the firm from doing so.The petitioner, A S Ravi of Kudankulam, submitted that V V Minerals, which was quarrying sand at the rate of 1,000 tonnes per day, was operating within the five km radius of the Kudankulam nuclear plant. The action of the company could cause serious environmental concerns in the coastal areas due to sea erosion. He also sought the closure of granite quarries in the 30-km radius of the plant and also those which were operating in the nearby Ponnarkulam village. The safety wall had already been constructed in Idinthakarai and the five km range within the plant had been declared as the no-mining zone. But, private miners were continuing their operations well within this range.Also, V V Minerals operated very close to the nuclear plant by using heavy machinery against guidelines. Other violating companies were BMS Mines, GMGS Mines Co, TMGS Mines Company and IOGS, which operated within 30 km radius of the plant.Representations in this regard to the violations by the quarries had been made to the district collector, chairman of the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board and assistant director of mines and minerals on March 7 this year. But they had not been heeded to, though he had given a detail report on their erroneous activities.This caused serious concerns as the Kudankulam project was about to be started shortly. The government should implement its notification regarding the safety measures, which included regulating mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583170", "title": "50-year-old woman raped, murdered in Padappai", "text": "CHENNAI: A 50-year-old woman was found raped and murdered in a casuarina grove at Orathur village near Padappai, about 40km from Chennai, on Wednesday afternoon.Two youngsters, who were found drinking a short distance from where the body was found, were later detained for questioning. Two others managed to escape.Police said Andal and her husband Srinivasan were grazing their goats on a lake bed in the Village. At around noon, Srinivasan went home to have lunch and bring food for Andal. When he came back around 2.30pm, he found her missing. Only the goats were there.He searched all around the area and finally went into the nearby casuarina grove where he saw Andal's nude body. Her clothes were found in another spot. There were strangulation marks around her neck.Srinivasan immediately alerted fellow villagers. A group of them fanned out and found four boys drinking alcohol. While two of them escaped on seeing the villagers, the others were nabbed and handed over to police.Police soon arrived there in force, moved the body to the Chengalpet Government Hospital for postmortem and began investigations. Initial inquiries revealed that the victim may have been strangulated when she began to cry for help. The two boys detained for questioning, police said, were outsiders.After the incident, the villagers decided to maintain extra vigil in the area. The panchayat chief urged them not to work alone, either while in the fields or when taking cattle out to graze, and to move around in groups.Some of the villagers said that in the recent past youngsters driving along the highway had made it a practice to park their vehicles in casurina groves and other areas and sit and drink there.Police, too, said this had become a regular feature. \"Particularly on weekends there are a number of cars parked just off the highway. Many men come here to drink and eat as there is enough cool breeze in the groves'' said a policeman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582840", "title": "Rahul Gandhi, Omar Abdullah in faceoff over J&K; panchayats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Panchayat leaders from Jammu and Kashmir met Rahul Gandhi on Thursday to demand safety and empowerment while the Youth Congress launched an agitation in the state to highlight their cause, setting the stage for a faceoff between Congress and its J&K; partner, National Conference.The Congress support for panchayat leaders in J&K; came barely two days after Rahul flagged the plight of panchayats as a \"serious matter\" at the meeting of Congress Working Committee, lending a significant dimension given that he is known to share a good rapport with the young chief minister Omar Abdullah.As Rahul played host to the beleaguered panchayat representatives who are being targeted by terrorists, Abdullah told reporters in Srinagar that MLAs belonging to all political parties were opposed to ceding more powers to panchayat representatives.Congress sought to downplay the issue but stood by the \"better safety and more powers\" plank of the panchayat representatives. AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said, \"There is nothing like Rahul Gandhi vs Omar Abdullah ... (but) we want the state government to provide full security to elected panchayat members. The party wants sarpanchs in the whole country to be empowered and adequate security provided to them.\"Though an unlikely agenda in the sensitive state grappling with challenges of terrorism and alienation, the panchayat issue has cornered national attention because of killings of sarpanchs by militants and their mass resignations. Government feels that the sarpanchs have been targeted by pro-Pakistan terrorist groups who are worried that implementation of grassroots governance through local bodies will undercut their support. There is concern that the trend, if not reversed, could undo the gains of highly successful panchayat polls which saw 90% turnout despite the boycott call.Worrying for their lives after a spate of attacks, panchayat members have accused the Abdullah regime of failing to stand by them despite the enormous risks they took by contesting the polls.Rahul's engaging the nine-men delegation of aggrieved panchayat men from Jammu and Kashmir has turned the issue into a high priority Congress agenda. After their meeting with the Congress general secretary, the panchayat representatives said he had promised to visit the state and address rallies highlighting their problems.The panchayat men also met Rahul's confidant and junior home minister Jitendra Singh , who is learnt to have urged the Union home secretary to arrange for their security. AICC state in-charge Mohan Prakash may hold further talks with them.All this, along with the Youth Congress agitation in the state, may set the allies on a collision course, already billed as \"Rahul vs Omar\" faceoff.Youth Congress president Rajiv Satav said, \"Youth Congress has started the agitation for empowerment of panchayats in state. We are committed to ensuring power and security to panchayat members. The leadership is serious about the issue.\"Sources said AICC's youth outfit took up the issue with Omar regime a couple of months ago and even held 12 conventions across the state to flag concerns. Rahul went the full throttle only after the state failed to heed their demand, the recent killings acting as catalyst.A Youth Congress leader said, \"We have given an ultimatum to the state. There was 90% voting for panchayats, they braved guns and now they have no power while being vulnerable to terrorists.The faceoff could present the Omar administration with tough challenge as Congress has identified a clutch of \"lacunae\" in the implementation of panchayati raj in J&K; - like financial powers to sarpanchs are inadequate for works they can sanction; the state has not held elections after the first tier of three-tier process; the eligibility age for contesting panchayat polls is 25 years as against 21 years in other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16580758", "title": "Secret behind rash of hysterectomies out", "text": "HYDERABAD: Private hospitals in Krishna district made a killing in the years 2008 and 2009, drawing massive funds from the Aarogyasri trust for the many hysterectomy procedures they performed. During the 2008-09 financial year, their cumulative 'hysterectomy' earnings stood at Rs 1.35 crore (521 surgeries), and in 2009-10, it leapfrogged to Rs 2.9 crore (656 surgeries). Hospitals in Guntur, Karimnagar, East Godavari, West Godavari, Warangal, Nellore and Rangareddy districts too filled their coffers during this time when the Aarogyasri Healthcare Trust was freely clearing the claims focusing more on number of surgeries than the reason why they were performed on such a large number of women.Speculations over the last couple of years that hysterectomies were being performed for even unnecessary reasons to draw funds under the scheme now stand established as a response to an RTI query filed by activist C J Karira has confirmed the high hysterectomy rate during the first three years of launch of Aarogyasri scheme. Data collected from the trust shows that 10,334 hysterectomies were performed during the fiscal 2008-09, a year after the scheme was launched. The figure jumped to 12,212 procedures in 2009-10, stated to be the peak period when the procedure was exploited the most.Dr B Balamba, senior member of the Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Societies of India (FOGSI) said that once a woman undergoes a complete hysterectomy (wherein uterus along with the ovaries is removed), she is surgically pushed into menopause. She adds that when performed on less than 40-year-olds, it increases the risk of heart attack, fractures and worsens back pain apart from causing depression and weakness.\"Several unnecessary laparoscopic hysterectomies were done by private doctors especially in coastal districts until 2010 when Aarogyasri Trust woke up and issued strict guidelines. While awareness has to come among women that hysterectomy is not a solution to all their problems, doctors need to adhere to ethics,\" said Dr Balamba. The high figures in Krishna district are only indicative of the proliferation of private hospitals in coastal areas. \"In fact, many nursing homes are flourishing on hysterectomy procedures in coastal districts. As many as 70% of the total surgeries in small town nursing homes are hysterectomies,\" maintains Dr Geyanand, health expert with Jana Vignana Vedika. He said that women in these parts assume that they will have a healthier life without a uterus.The gross misuse of the scheme was curtailed when the government issued revised guidelines in April 2010 resulting in a sharp decline in the number of procedures. During 2010-11, the number of hysterectomies dipped to 6,189 while in 2011-12, the figure further fell to 4,943 hysterectomies. Officials at the trust said that as per new rules from July 17, 2012, only government hospitals are entitled to perform hysterectomies under the scheme, a step taken to ensure that only genuine cases undergo the procedure.Surya Prakash of Life-Health Reinforcement Group, an NGO, said, \"The government has accepted (the practice and the misuse of Aarogyasri for money) and rolled back the procedure recently but the damage has been done.\"Government spending on hysterectomies through Aarogyasri2008-09----Rs 15 Cr2009-10---- Rs 39 Cr2010-11---- Rs 19 Cr2011-12----Rs 14 Cr", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581974", "title": "No streetlights installed around AU, hostels", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Though preparations for students union election at Allahabad University are in full swing but due to the laxity of Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities, the area around the University and hostels plunges into darkness as streetlights have not been installed for illuminating these areas.It is pertinent to mention that street poles erected on the sides of University Road, Dayanand Marg were shifted due to the widening of roads. Though the road has been widened and poles have also been shifted but the streetlights have not yet been installed. As a result, the area around the University Road, Holland Hall, PCB Hall, SSL hall, GN Jha Hostel, AN Jha Hostel plunged into darkness as the evening time sets in and dusk changes into night.Due to the lethargy of AMC authorities, the streetlight department has not yet installed lights in the area. Former corporator Anand Ghildiyal informed that local people and AU students were forced to face problems as there is darkness on the University Road, Dayanand Marg and hostels.Talking to TOI, engineer RK Yadav said that as some of the electrical equipment were not available, streetlights have not been installed. However, seeing the problems of the people streetlights would soon be installed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581713", "title": "33-yr-old gang-raped in southeast Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman was allegedly drugged and gang-raped by five men, including her live-in-partner, in southeast Delhi. The rapists also filmed the whole act with their cellphone cameras and stole Rs 5 lakh. One Azhar\u2014 the live-in partner\u2014 has been arrested, but others are on the run.The incident occurred in the New Friends Colony police station area on September 17. The woman (33) was married twice and has a son. She had been in a live-in relationship with Azhar for four years; but that Monday, Azhar came home with four of his friends. \"One of them made her drink a soft drink laced with sedatives. She fell unconscious, and the men took turns to rape her. They even filmed her, took still photos of her in the nude. They later threatened to upload the photos if she went to the cops,\" said a senior police officer.On September 25, a case was registered only after the woman approached the senior cops. Medical examination confirmed rape and Azhar was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16583792", "title": "Actor Manoj Tiwari says he is disappointed with Kejriwal plans", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Actor and Bhojpuri singer Manoj Tiwari, who arrived here on Thursday to attend a spiritual ceremony being presided over by Morari Bapu, has expressed displeasure with Anna's former supporter Arvind Kejriwal over his political plans.Talking to mediapersons, Tiwari maintained that he had visited the Ramlila grounds many times to support Anna Hazare and that he also supports the issues raised by yoga guru Baba Ramdev, but plans by Arvind Kejriwal to enter politics has made him dejected.\"I will always support Baba Ramdev and Anna, but the political plans of Arvind Kejriwal has disappointed me. It is obvious that in politics, people will have to take the support of other parties. I think this amounts to departing from the actual path shown by Anna and Baba,\" he said.He also expressed unhappiness with the UPA government over its reluctant approach on issues like black money and Jan Lokpal, raised by the Anna team.Asked about his political interests, Tiwari said he had unwillingly fought elections to the legislative assembly in 2009 as a Samajwadi Party candidate. He said he is keen to serve the nation by any means, but has not decided about politics yet.Tiwari has sung about 4,016 songs and has also acted in many Bollywood films.Meanwhile, speaking about his interest in cricket, Tiwari said he was keen to bid for a team in IPL, but in view of the huge bid amount of Rs 1,500 crore, he decided to withdraw.However, he said that he plans to participate in CCL (celebrity cricket league), started by actor Salman Khan , by forming a Bhojpuri team, within a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581033", "title": "Auto-cab fare rise not to be unconditional", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto and taxi fares in Mumbai are set to increase by Rs 2-3 within a week. But the government also wants to keep commuters happy. Sources in Mantralaya told TOI that the fare rise will come with conditions that, if implemented, will give people fair rides.An important clause will be compulsory identity cards for drivers. This will ensure that a commuter can identify an errant driver and note down his name and badge number before lodging a complaint. This will deter drivers from refusing or fleecing passengers. Another clause is that the I-cards must bear drivers' photographs, which will be stamped by the RTO. This will ensure that drivers without licences or permits do not ply their vehicles. At least 20% of auto and taxi drivers in the city do not have permits or badges, union sources say.Then, electronic meters will have to be recalibrated within 45 days of a fare hike being announced, failing which drivers will be fined and their meters confiscated.For the benefit of commuters, the RTO will be directed to conduct regular checks outside railway stations and impose penalties of up to Rs 1,500 on drivers who refuse passengers. A source said that this will be a huge deterrent, as the upper limit of the fine will be nearly four times the daily earnings of a driver.In cases of meter tampering, meters will be impounded and the errant auto owner's permit cancelled. In the past, the RTO merely fined drivers. But now, anybody caught tampering meters will be thrown outside the trade, an official said.The government also wants every taxi to have an electronic indicator atop the roof mentioning the cab is for hire. This is being done as most e-meters in taxis are near the dashboard and thus not visible to people who want to hail a cab (for several other measures, see adjoining graphic).Sources said that the government also wants fitness tests to be conducted meticulously so that every auto and taxi found in bad/tattered condition__both in appearnce as well as while running__should be taken off the roads. The vehicle owner will be given few days to make the changes and re-apply for a fitness certificate failing which the permits could be suspended, sources said.Keeping commuters in mind, the government has also decided to have fares for every 100 metres (presently it is 200 metres) after the first flag down/base fare. These suggestions are being forwarded to the MMRTA which will take a final decision in the next few days, sources stated.A senior transport official said, \"We cannot please every stakeholder, but we are trying our best to arrive at a win-win situation. While auto and taxi unions will be happy with a fare rise, we also want to do justice to the city's lakhs of commuters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16580796", "title": "Vizag airport gets nod to operate 24x7", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The dreams of north Andhra people for round-the-clock operations in Visakhapatnam airport would take wings in a couple of weeks with the Union finance ministry on Thursday giving the go-ahead. Sources said more manpower would be appointed and other facilities strengthened, which is mandatory to run the airport 24 hours a day.According to sources, round-the-clock operations at the airport are likely to start from October 15. The Vizag airport, which was built during the second World War, was refurbished with a 10,000-ft runway, ILS and night landing facilities, besides a new terminal building. Presently, the airport operates 34 flight services a day and an international flight to Dubai. One more international service would be added to its fleet from October 28 with Silk Air operating a direct flight to Singapore.Chairman of parliamentary committee on science and technology, environment and forests, T Subbaramireddy told TOI that the private airlines could now rework their winter schedules based on the 24-hour operations in Visakhapatnam airport. He also hoped that the people and industries in the region would immensely benefit from this development.The MP said he told Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about the need for additional manpower for INS Dega to enable the Indian Navy to operate the airport round the clock. Union finance minister Chidambaram approved the requirement of 228 personnel after modifying the rules of recruitment under the guidelines issued by the Prime Minister's office. The finance ministry forwarded the approval to the ministry of defence for issuance of the necessary orders to Indian Navy from thereon to Eastern Naval Command, which operates the INS Dega airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582409", "title": "Vigilance squad busts booze trailer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state director general of police's vigilance squad nabbed a trailer from Rajasthan carrying a huge stash of liquor early on Thursday morning from near Halol in Panchmahal district. Police said that the search for the receiver of the stock worth Rs 50.64 lakh has been initiated using the number they have found from the driver.According to vigilance squad officials, a team led by inspectors RL Solanki and ND Chauhan got a tip-off about a consignment of IMFL from Rajasthan. Working on the information, they kept a watch near Navjivan Hotel on Halol Road at 12:30 am on Thursday and approached a trailer.\"The driver was Asif Mohammed Pathan, 29, a native of Chitodgadh in Rajasthan. We asked him to open the trailer. When he opened it, the entire container was full of liquor crates. In total, we got 1524 crates containing 50,424 bottles of various IMFL brands. The estimated market value of the seized goods is Rs 50.64 lakh,\" said Solanki.Investigators said that Shaukat Sharif Pathan, a resident of Chitodgadh, had started off with the consignment to be sent to Gujarat but as his trailer stopped due to malfunctioning, he approached Pathan and sent him with the stock.Pathan was given number of Raju, a local contact, whom he had to call after reaching Navjivan Hotel. However, when after a couple of attempts Raju did not pick up the call, Pathan decided to wait for some time when police raided the spot and nabbed him. Search for two accused in the case has been initiated, said investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16583375", "title": "Man shot dead in public view in Naubasta", "text": "KANPUR: A 32-year-old man was shot dead in full public view near a glass showroom in Naubasta area of the city by around six assailants here on Thursday. According to reports, Rajesh Dwivedi was standing in front of a glass shop near Araa Mill crossing in Gopalnagar on Thursday afternoon when he entered into a heated argument with some unidentified persons and one of them whipped out a firearm and shot at him from close range. According to police, the victim died on the spot after bullets pierced his temple, causing excessive bleeding.\"All of a sudden, one of the men opened fire at Dwivedi. He was rushed to a nearby hospital, where he was declared brought dead,\" said a senior police official. \"Hearing bullet shots' sound, panic spread in the area. No one dared to stop the assailants, who escaped after committing the crime,\" said eyewitnesses.Sources, however, said the murder was fallout of old enmity. The attack on the man happened when the area was bustling with activity. \"It's a busy junction at any given point in time and Dwivedi tried to run, but he could not escape,\" said another eyewitness.After the murder, shop-keepers in the pulled up their shutters and left the spot and those who stayed back, denied to the police having witnessed the incident.The murder in broad daylight in the busy area puts a question mark on the functioning of the police. Such incidents have taken place in and around busy junctions in the city on several occasions earlier too.\"What were the policemen present at the nearby picket doing at the time of the incident,\" a local questioned.A case has been registered with the Naubasta police against unidentified men in this regard and police have launched a hunt to nab the assailants, said SHO, Naubasta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surajkund", "code": "16582238", "title": "Gadkari condemns anti-Islam film", "text": "SURAJKUND: BJP chief Nitin Gadkari avoided a mandatory reference to the Ram temple issue that invariably figures in most presidential addresses to the party and instead chose to condemn the anti-Islam film that denigrates Prophet Muhammad.Gadkari wrapped up his speech by saying that BJP \"condemns the controversial film that is insulting to Prophet Muhammed\". He said, \"Friends, the 150th anniversary of Swami Vivekananda will be observed throughout the country from January 12, 2013. We need to carry forward his message of Hindutva which is a message of humanity. In that context, we condemn the controversial film that is insulting to Prophet Muhammed.\"He added that it was inappropriate to spread ill feeling about any icon of any community.He also took up the cause of Hindu refugees from Pakistan and demanded that the government should protect them, just as the government should also protect Sri Lankan refugees and Hindu Bangladeshis who have escaped into India after being tormented in their own land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16581539", "title": "Accident in Varanasi affects rail movement", "text": "LUCKNOW: Movement of several trains was affected on Thursday due to an accident in Varanasi division of North Eastern Railway on Wednesday. A private bus rammed into train number 3019 Howrah-Kathgodam Bagh Express at the level crossing near Siwan. As a result, trains were either diverted or partially/completely cancelled on Thursday.The mail/express trains diverted include Barauni-Gwalior Express, Katihar-Amritsar Amrapali Express, Chhapra-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Express, Sitamarhi-Anand Vihar Terminus Express, Darbhanga-New Delhi Express, New Delhi-Jalpaiguri Express, Amritsar-Saharsa Express, New Delhi-Barauni Vaishali Express, Gorakhpur-Hatia Maurya Express, 15210 Amritsar-Saharsa Express, Kathgodam-Howrah Bagh Express and 04314 Bareilly-Darbhanga Special Express.The trains that were partially cancelled were Lucknow-Barauni Express between Lucknow and Chhapra and Chhapra-Gorakhpur Express between Chhapra-Bhatni. Several passenger trains on the Chhapra-Bhatni, Siwan-Bhatni, Chhapra-Siwan, Kaptanganj-Hajipur and Siwan-Thawe routes were also cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16582884", "title": "Court seeks account details of minister PK Jayalakshmi", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Mananthavady judicial first class magistrate court has directed to issue notices to the manager of the State Bank of India (SBI) Mananthavady branch, to appear before the court on October 15 and furnish the cash details of the bank account held by minister for welfare of scheduled tribes and youth affairs P K Jayalakshmi.The court issued the directive while considering the petition filed by K P Jeevan of Sultan Bathery accusing Jayalakshmi of furnishing false information with regard to the election expenditure in the affidavit filed by her. The petitioner alleged that Jayalakshmi had received Rs 10 lakh in her bank prior to the assembly election which was withdrawn from the account between 23 March, 2011 and 13 April, 2011 to be used for the assembly election campaign. The petition said that Jayalakshmi in the election affidavit had stated that she had spent only 3.91 lakh for the election campaign. The court will consider the case next on October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582228", "title": "Assault on former cop: Auto driver gets bail", "text": "KOLKATA: Krishna Saha, the auto driver who allegedly bashed up a former police officer Prabir Baran Sarkar in Chetla on Sunday, was produced before the court on Thursday. However, Saha \u2014 a resident of Chetla area \u2014 was released on a conditional bail. The driver, who was absconding since Sunday, was arrested on Wednesday.Sarkar, who retired as the OC of the wireless division of Kolkata Police in 2002, was travelling in a taxi with wife Indrani from his Parnasree house to their daughter's Dhakuria residence. After crossing Durgapur bridge, Sarkar noticed two autos standing on a double lane.One of the autos suddenly swerved to the right. In order to avoid a collision with the auto, the taxi driver also veered to the right. In the process, it almost collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction.\"The taxi driver somehow managed to apply the brakes in time.It was sheer luck that we had a narrow escape,\" recalled Sarkar.After the taxi stopped at the traffic signal ahead, Sarkar noticed the auto standing close. He yelled at the driver and warned him not to risk his own life and the lives of others.\"Ami ja korechi besh korechi. Apni beshi katha bolben na (I have done nothing wrong, you just shut up),\" the auto driver replied back to the ex-cop.The accused didn't stop at this. He stepped out of his auto and started punching Sarkar, who was still in the taxi. The senior citizen tried to defend himself with an umbrella. But the accused snatched it and kept poking Sarkar on his neck with its handle that resulted in bruises. \"I was terrified and nervous. I kept screaming for help, but no one came forward. As far as I remember, the auto number was 7115,\" Indrani had said earlier.Tracking the registration number of the auto, the cops finally rounded up Krishna and booked him under non bailable charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16585789", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s new movie in November", "text": "The 'Jalsa' combination is all set to recreate the magic again. Powerstar Pawan Kalyan and director Trivikram Srinivas will be teaming up for another rom-com, and bringing this combo together is producer BVSN Prasad. Sources close to the director say that the film is likely to go on floors in November and the arrangements have already begun for the film.Sources further inform that Trivikram has completed putting finishing touches to the script, which also accentuates on family values. The female lead of the movie is to be finalized and BVSN Prasad, in association with Reliance Entertainment is producing the film. The last time Pawan and Trivikram worked together was for Jalsa (2008), produced by Geetha Arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16583105", "title": "Shivpal Yadav: If leadership is sound, officers will be compelled to fall in line", "text": "With chief minister Akhilesh Yadav stressing the need for roads to treble the state's development, PWD minister Shivpal Yadav is, these days, a busy man. Cleaning up the mess left behind by his political predecessors, the minister caught up with TOI for a tete-a-tete.Why have there been such inordinate delays in repairing and constructing roads?There is a high pendency of files in the public works department, which has resulted in a delay in repairing, maintenance and construction of roads. In the last five years, nothing was done to repair or maintain roads and even those roads that were built collapsed within six months. Now, I have issued orders that all PWD roads should be made pothole-free by October 15. I have also said that at the government level, sanction should be given to all files within two days. Also in PFAD and finance wings, files that are currently pending for over a month should be cleared within seven days. My department has a budget of about Rs 5,000 crore. In 2006-07, I had spent about Rs 6,500 crore. If we can ensure that this year's budget is spent on meeting targets quickly, I will also seek supplementary budget allocation.There are some works under the JNNURM scheme, which have still not been completed. Some of them are still in progress. If (on your instructions) roads are repaired by October 15, they will have to be re-dug for completing the pending work. Is that not a pointless repetition?No. (pauses) In many cases, roads have been dug up in the centre. If the PWD has given any sanctions or no objection for doing this, it is, indeed, wrong. This should not have happened. The previous government and the principal secretary (who was very close to the chief minister), had destroyed the roads to make money. Today, we are bearing the brunt of that callousness. In Allahabad, for instance, over 20 roads have been cut at the centre. These are difficult to repair. We are, however, doing our bit.What about the quality of roads?There will be no compromise on the quality. We want 100% quality. I have also set a deadline of November 15 for officials to ensure that all expenditures from the State Road Fund are approved. The entire estimates, proposals for special maintenances or widening the roads should all be completed by this time. All old roads have to be repaired on priority basis. After that, we will take up the construction of new roads.Your department \u2014 PWD \u2014 is believed to be the hub of corrupt practices. What is your take on this? Since officers are often held responsible, how will work progress now, considering these officers are still a part of the system?I believe that this allegation is true. However, corruption follows a top down approach. When ministers like Naseemuddin Siddiqui openly demanded commission and also shared the booty with Mayawati , then the officers down the line were forced to be their collection agents. With the right rider, a horse can be forced to change its gait. If the leader leads well, officers will be forced to fall in line. This is the reason why I have said I will not tolerate any laxity. In the previous regime, when works were sanctioned, government estimates were inflated multiple times to accommodate commissions. This time, I have said estimates should not be inflated. But, it is also true that engineers have also got into the habit of taking commissions. In this regard, I have faced some problems. I have now clamped down on this.After taking over as PWD and irrigation minister, you had ordered an inquiry into the construction works at Mayawati's parks. You also unearthed the Rs 6000 crore irrigation scam in the state. After the initial frenzy, both have been forgotten. What is the status of these inquiries?These were scams worth a lot of money. So, investigation is taking time. But, I am in favour of taking action against anyone who is indicted in the reports. From estimates to technical aspects, everything has to be examined. As a result it will take some time.Do you propose to rake up these issues closer to the Lok Sabha polls?No answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16583649", "title": "Miracle pill to combat aging comes closer to reality", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have stepped closer to developing an 'anti-aging' pill after discovering for the first time how to make muscles regain power and strength.The study involving researchers from King's College London, Harvard University and Massachusetts General Hospital looked at stem cells found inside muscle \u2014 which are responsible for repairing injury \u2014 to find out why the ability of muscles to regenerate declines with age.The study on old mice found the number of dormant stem cells present in the pool reduces with age, which could explain the decline in the muscle's ability to repair and regenerate as it gets older.When these old muscles were screened the team found high levels of FGF2, a protein that has the ability to stimulate cells to divide. Researchers found that FGF2 could also awaken the dormant pool of stem cells even when they were not needed.They attempted to inhibit FGF2 in old muscles to prevent the stem cell pool from being kick-started into action unnecessarily.By administering a common FGF2 inhibitor drug they were able to inhibit the decline in the number of muscle stem cells in the mice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16582013", "title": "Mayor shocked at appalling living conditions", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon mayor on Thursday visited three villages and says he was aghast to see the pathetic conditions in which the people were living in these areas. He also instructed the chief medical officer and other senior MCG officials accompanying him that the area should be cleaned by Friday afternoon, when he visits the site again. The places which he visited include Silokhera, Kanhai and Sainikehra.\"I was shocked to see the horrible unhygienic conditions these residents are living in. There was a stench all around and they informed me that just before my visit, the sanitation agency that was supposed to carry out the sanitation work in the area hurriedly came and did some cosmetic cleaning in the area,\" said mayor Vimal Yadav.\"I have instructed the officials not to release the payment of the contractor till further orders. Moreover, I have told them that I would visit the area again on Friday by which time I hope there will be no trace of garbage,\" he said.Meanwhile, the MCG on Friday managed to get back a four-acre piece of land that was illegally occupied by some people in Silokhera village. The authorities now plan to fence the entire area so that the land is not encroached again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16583736", "title": "3 early morning chain snatching incidents in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three women were robbed of 18 sovereigns of gold jewels by chain snatchers at Peelamedu in the city on Thursday morning.On Thursday around 7.30 am, S Thilagavathi, (55) of Arangasamy Nagar near Civil Aerodrome in Peelamedu, had gone for a walk near the air cargo complex at the Coimbatore airport. According to the complainant, two youths were standing near a motorcycle and suddenly snatched her 10-sovereign gold chain from her neck. She was unable to notice the motorcycle number as the youths were standing very close to it. However, the victim reported the crime to the city police control room. Consequently, police was alerted to conduct a vehicle check. However, the vehicle could not be traced. The victim lodged a complaint with Peelamedu police station.In another incident, around 6.30 am, a 55-year-old woman J Susheelamani of Elango Nagar went for a walk on Veeriyampalam road. She walked alone as her friends decided to join her later. Two youths followed her on their motorcycle and snatched three sovereigns of gold jewels from her neck. She shouted for help following which people in the vicinity gathered at the crime scene; however, the youths managed to flee. She lodged a complaint with Peelamedu police station.In the third incident, G Renuka, (64) of Mukkuttu Ramasamy street in Peelamedu was cleaning the front yard of her residence on Thursday. Around 5.45 am, two youths came to the area and snatched her five-sovereign gold chain from her neck. She shouted for help and the neighbours rushed to the spot and tried to chase the youths. However, they managed to escape. She lodged a complaint with Peelamedu police station.Vehicle checks were conducted at various check points in the city. But they could not trace the motorcycle which was used by the chain snatchers. \"We have formed a special team to nab the culprits. The chain snatchers targeted elderly women wearing gold jewels,\" said D Suresh, inspector, Peelamedu police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16583913", "title": "Power consumers to pay more in Punjab", "text": "PATIALA: There is more bad news for power consumers in the state as they will now have to pay more for power supply, as the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) has increased surcharge on fuel cost adjustment by 10 paise per unit. According to sources, the board of directors of PSPCL after taking into account the hike in coal prices, furnace oil and transportation charges of coal to Punjab thermal power stations, had recommended a hike of 23 paise as fuel cost adjustment surcharge in addition to already existing power tariff in the state.The PSPCL authorities had sent their recommendations to Punjab State Electricity Regulatory Commission, but the commission has allowed a hike of only 10 paise per unit. Now the consumers will have to pay a total surcharge of 14 paise on every unit they consume because of hike in the price of coal and other material used by thermal power stations.\"We had recommended a hike of 23 paise per unit after calculating our expenses. But the commission has recommended only 10 paise per unit. We are bound to implement the decision of the commission and have issued a notification in this regard,\" said K D Chaudhary, CMD of PSPCL. The power corporation spokesman further clarified that the hike will be applicable to all categories. For farmers, who are getting free power in Punjab, he said they would add a new hike in the subsidy bill of farmers and the state government will have to pay the same.It's the second shock for power consumers of Punjab as in July, the commission had announced an average tariff hike of 12.08%. \"The hike has exposed the anti-people face of the SAD-BJP alliance and has also pointed towards more shocks being in store for consumers,\" said Darshan Singh , a farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581755", "title": "40 Tihar Jail inmates on hunger strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: After 40 prisoners of Tihar Jail went on a hunger strike alleging malpractices by jail authorities and inhuman treatment meted out to them, a written complaint has been forwarded to the director general (prisons) Vimla Mehra as well as chief justice of high court and districts and sessions judge of Delhi.The inmates of ward number 6 in jail number 1 had written to HC advocate and president of People's Union for Civil Liberties ( PUCL) N D Pancholi, claiming that they were on a hunger strike from Tuesday as they were not given basic amenities in the jail. The lawyer has forwarded this complaint to prison and court authorities. \"I have been visiting these prisoners regularly as I am a legal advisor to some of them. For the past couple of months they have been complaining to me. They have taken a great risk by writing to me as they are completely under the control of jail authorities,\" Pancholi told TOI.Meanwhile, the jail authorities have rubbished the claim. \"No one is on a strike. The jail administration is putting heavy hand on mischievous elements and they are spreading false propaganda out of frustration,\" claimed Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta.Pancholi said he received a letter signed by 40 prisoners, including Mohammad Arif who is on a death sentence in Red Fort attack case, following which he shot off a letter to Mehra seeking her intervention. The prisoners were on a hunger strike alleging that they were \"not able to get drinking water, proper food, medical treatment, recreational facilities, walking space and telephone facility\", he said in the letter to Mehra.They also alleged that the welfare canteen was being used for personal monetary benefits by the jail authorities and a fixed sum is taken as bribe by the officials every month from the canteen manager and owner, resulting in overpricing of the canteen.They also claimed that prisoner's ration is illegally transferred to welfare canteen due to which food quality has degraded resulting in ailments and even minor medical treatment from the dispensary has to be bought through bribe.In their letter, the prisoners said lack of recreational facilities has led many of them to become \"regular psychiatric patients\". They said the high risk prisoners were being treated like \"animals in zoo\" and were not provided telephonic contact with family despite directions from HC. Denying the allegations, Gupta said, \"We function in a transparent manner. The prison is regularly visited by judicial officers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16580748", "title": "Jails seek more escort personnel", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having police personnel to escort undertrials to the courts has become a big issue for the prisons department. On Thursday, officials of the department took up the matter with the police and put forth a request that dedicated personnel be assigned to prison facilities, especially the two central jails at Cherlapalli and Chanchalguda, that shortages may be taken care of.Deputy inspector general (DIG) prisons, Telangana region, M Chandrasekhar, the superintendents of the Cherlapalli and Chanchalguda prisons and the special prison for women apprised police officials about the difficulties faced by them in the matter of occasionally unavailability of police escort to accompany undertrials to court.It has always been a problem for the jails to find police escort to accompany undertrials to courts. And this is not the first time either that prisons officials have taken up the issue with their counterparts in the police department.Previously, when the prisons department took up the issue with the police, the city armed reserve had provided 90 dedicated personnel for the Cherlapalli jail and 60 for the Chanchalguda jail to escort undertrials to court.But when more personnel are required by the jails for the purposes of sending prisoners to court, police refuse to oblige since as they themselves are preoccupied elsewhere.\"Last year, there was a consistent problem for nearly six months. The situation improved later but when there are other law and order situations that have to be handled, it is difficult for the police to send escort personnel. However, we have explained to police officials that for undertrials to be duly produced in the courts we need more escort personnel,\" Chandrasekhar told TOI.City Armed Reserved (CAR), headquarters, joint commissioner, B Malla Reddy, was among those who attended the meeting along with the prisons officials.Apart from prisoners having to be produced in court, police escort is also needed when they are taken to the hospital. Asked if the increasing number of VIP prisoners in the jails was adding to the burden, DIG Chandrasekhar said, \"That will anyway be taken care of.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582670", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant can be shut if found unsafe: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday asserted that the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant was safe enough to withstand a Fukushima-type disaster but the Supreme Court said it would not hesitate to stop the project irrespective of the amount of money spent on it if the installation was found wanting in safety aspects.During the hearing on a petition filed by G Sundarrajan alleging that 17 safety recommendations by the Centre's own task force had not been fully implemented, counsel Prashant Bhushan told a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra that the government's only concern was to make the nuclear power plant operational as it had spent a huge amount of money on the power project.The bench said, \"Everyone is concerned about the safety and lives of people living around the Kudankulam nuclear power plant. The entire country is concerned. Spending of huge money is not a constraint for the court to stop the project if it finds that the installation posed threat to the lives of people.\"When Bhushan raised the issues of discharge of warm, used water into the sea from the plant and nuclear liability issue in addition to the non-implementation of 17 safety recommendations as well as disaster management in case of nuclear accident, additional solicitor general Mohan Parasaran said the Madras High Court had considered these concerns in detail before allowing commissioning of the plant.But the bench said, \"It is a serious matter and we have to consider all the issues related to the safety aspect.\" It posted the matter for further hearing on October 4 after attorney general G E Vahanvati and solicitor general R F Nariman said the government would satisfy the court that the nuclear power plant was completely safe.The Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd, which runs the plant, said in an affidavit, \"The plant is completely safe when it comes to washing away of the safety units due to flooding, as it happened in the case of Fukushima. KKNPP is a 3+ generation nuclear power plant and its design incorporates advanced safety features complying with current standards of redundancy, reliability, independence and prevention of common cause failures in its safety system.\"It added, \"The design includes provisions for withstanding external events like earthquake, tsunami/storm, tidal waves, cyclones, shock waves, aircraft impact on main building and fire. As regard to the vulnerability of KNPP to terrorists attacks, sabotage etc, it has elaborate physical security arrangements in place to ensure its security. The structural design of the facilities at KNPP ensures that in the event of a physical attack, the structure would prevent the release of any radioactivity into the public domain.\"It further said, \"In case of nuclear reactors, even in the remote likelihood of these being breached, it would automatically shut down. KNPP is absolutely safe without the 17 recommendations, recommended out of abundant caution by the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board. This, however, does not mean that the 17 recommendations made by AERB will not be complied with. Seven of the 17 recommendations have already been complied with. The remaining 10 will be complied with within the stipulated time frame.\"3 activists from Japan deportedThree Japanese nationals, who arrived in Chennai to participate in the ongoing protest against the Kudankulam nuclear power plant, were deported from the Chennai airport on Tuesday. Immigration officials at the airport kept a watch on the Japanese after receiving a tip-off from central intelligence agencies about their arrival and sent them back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16583839", "title": "11% households still don't come under banking system in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: With as many as 11% of households in the state outside the banking system, the government has impressed upon bankers to launch an intensive drive to achieve full coverage and bring each household under financial inclusion.During the 12th State Level Bankers' Committee meeting, held here on Thursday, it was revealed that of 14.77 lakh households registered under 2011 census, only 13.16 lakh households were availing banking services, chief secretary Sudripta Roy asked banks to prepare a roadmap for extending banking to every village.\"Unless each household is not brought into the banking system, the objective of bringing the entire state under financial inclusion will never be achieved,\" said Roy, who was presiding over the meeting.Direct transfer schemes, both of the state and Centre, would deprive beneficiaries of their entitlements unless full financial inclusion is achieved, he added.Roy said the Union government had identified Hamirpur, Una, Bilaspur and Mandi districts for direct transfer in implementing kerosene subsidy scheme, where banks have to ensure one account in the name of family head for eligible beneficiaries. A pilot of the scheme was ready for testing in Una district, he added.The banks' report card showed that Rs 2,213 crore of credit was released by banks in the first quarter to about 1.31 lakh customers. Bank businesses grew by 19.83% during the period. For the financial year, banks have set a target of disbursing Rs 9,348 crore fresh loans.With 70 new branches, the banking network has 1,570 branches in the state now, besides the 686 ATM machines dispensing retail cash. For distribution of social security pension scheme in Bilaspur district, banks had started implementing ICT-based business correspondents model on the pilot basis for 151 panchayats.UCO bank general manager Venkat Raman told the meet that they were making efforts to start Aadhaar enabled payment system in 28 gram panchayats under 'One District-Many Banks-One leader bank model' guidelines for which have been issued by RBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581589", "title": "PMC reiterates demand for civic police stations", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has requested the state government to immediately sanction the proposal to form civic police stations and civic courts to control crimes like illegal constructions and encroachments in the city in the backdrop of the Taljai tragedy where 11 people were killed when an illegal building caved in.The proposal envisages creation of 500 posts under a department of deputy commissioner (encroachment), 132 posts for special policing (encroachment), 28 posts at the special police stations and 17 posts at special courts. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has agreed to make allocations in its annual budget for all the additional posts and for the land required to set up the police stations.A senior civic official said the PMC has repeatedly been urging the state government to approve the proposal which is pending before it for the last three years. \"Civic officials face threats when taking action against encroachments and PMC squads have often been attacked during anti-encroachment drives. Such incidents are on the rise and the PMC has urged the state to increase the civic staff and also police protection,\" said the PMC official.The PMC in its proposal had said that the existing burden on the police was deterring them from paying attention to civic crimes such as encroachments and violations of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Act and the Maharashtra Regional &amp; Town Planning Act, 1966. Moreover, there is no specific mechanism in place to check encroachments.The proposal said, \"Rapid urbanisation is taking place in the state. Unauthorised constructions and encroachments have been posing serious problems to the city. It has been observed that measures taken by the local bodies from time to time have not been effective. In order to resolve the problems, the state government should create the post of a deputy commissioner (encroachment) and inspectors under him, a post of encroachment police superintendent, special civic police stations and an independent judicial system to look into civic crimes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583149", "title": "17 speakers to address TEDx Chennai on Sunday", "text": "CHENNAI: TEDx Chennai, a conference bringing together people from the worlds of technology, entertainment and design (hence the TED), will take place on Sunday. It will feature 17 speakers from across the globe, with actress Gauthami and life coach Puja Gupta being the Chennai speakers.The theme for this year is 'life by design'. While Gauthami will talk about her life as a cancer survivor, Canadian Caroline Rochon will speak on the power to choose and how to come out of difficult situations. Joyce Rommelaar from the Netherlands will talk about how one can help teenagers be the \"star\" of their own lives.\"I give this talk at schools and universities all over the world because I believe in helping teens deal with real emotions, body language and the response of other people, not the ones they deal with on the internet. I always tell them that life is not a video game but about people with a heartbeat,\" says Rommelaar. The conference will also feature Neel Raman, the founder of the Uniqueness Development Group. \"This is my first trip to India. Being an Indian, this trip is about reconnecting to my heritage,\" says Raman, who will speak on how one can become a high achiever, while having fun doing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16583877", "title": "Lover 'kills' girl as she insists on going home", "text": "PATIALA: The insistence of a girl, who had eloped only a few hours ago, to go back home cost the 20-year-old her life. Her boyfriend allegedly murdered her and threw her in Ghaggar river.Police have registered a murder case against her lover and recovered the body on Thursday. The postmortem examination would be conducted at Government Medical College &amp; Rajindra Hospital,Patiala, while the accused is absconding.The victim, Asha Rani from Bhamsara village, was in love with Chamkaur Singh of Paharpur village. However, the family was upset with her choice, but the defiant girl allegedly eloped with Chamkaur on Wednesday evening. After staying spending a few hours away from home, Asha reportedly started asking Chamkaur to drop her back. Meanwhile, some villagers had seen Asha ridding pillion Chamkaur's bike and had informed her father, who along with some others started looking for her.Chamkaur was alerted by his friends about the search operation and with Asha insisting to go back home, an irate Chamkaur allegedly murdered her and threw her body in Ghaggar. He then raised a false alarm claiming that she jumped into the river from his motorcycle.\"Chamkaur has murdered my daughter,\" Asha's father, Joginderpal, claimed in his police complaint.A team from Julka police station tried to trace her body on Wednesday night, but failed. On Thursday, they fished out her from near her village.\"Our team has traced the body from near her Bhamsara village and is trying to arrest Chamkaur,\" said Darshan Singh , munshi of Julka police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16583686", "title": "Appendicitis: Antibiotics in, surgery out?", "text": "LONDON: Antibiotics can replace invasive surgery for the treatment of acute appendicitis involving the removal of the organ, as it could be just as effective, a new study found.The study also found that patients who are treated with antibiotics are at lower risk of complications than those who undergo surgery. \"Some patients are so ill that the operation is absolutely necessary, but 80% of those who can be treated with antibiotics recover and return to full health,\" said Jeanette Hansson.The risk of recurrence within 12 months of treatment with antibiotics is around 10%-15 %.Hansson from the university of Gothenburg, Sweden , defended her thesis on the subject, which refers to two major clinical studies of adult patients, carried out at Sahlgrenska Hospital and Kungalv Hospital, respectively.Even though increased resistance to antibiotics could affect treatment, the conclusion is that antibiotics are a viable alternative to surgery in adults as things stand, provided that the patient accepts the risk of recurrence.\"It's important to note that our studies show that patients who need surgery because of recurrences, or because the antibiotics haven't worked, are not at risk of any additional complications relative to those operated on in the first place,\" said Hansson.Appendicitis is a condition involving the appendix (a tube-shaped sac attached to and opening into the lower end of the large intestine), which becomes inflamed and painful, causing abdominal pain, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting and fever.The standard approach to acute appendicitis is to removethe appendix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16581990", "title": "E-waste collection drive at Damodar college", "text": "An e-waste collection drive is underway at Shree Damodar College of Commerce and Economics, Margao. Electronic or electrical products (other than batteries/tubelights, CFL/ink cartridges and toners) that need to be disposed off can be dropped off at the college, between 8am and 12 noon. The college has tied up 'Group Tenplus', who will collect the waste and send it for recycling. For details, Prita D Mallya (vice principal), Sunil Naik (BCA coordinator) or Dr Manasvi Kamat (NSS coordinator).'Crucible quiz' Goa round held: 'Tata crucible business quiz 2012' recently held its Goa regional round. The team from Lotus Landmarks, comprising Ashish N and Soib Syed, emerged as winners and has made it to the national finals to be held in Mumbai on October 7.Conventional training prog for SC candidates: The micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) development institute under the Union ministry of MSME, will conduct a six-week conventional training programme for the benefit of scheduled caste (SC) candidates, from October 3 at the MSME development institute, opposite Konkan Railway station, Quepem road, Margao. Those who have passed Class VIII and those between the age of 18 and 40 can avail of the training programme. For details and registration contact the MSME development institute, Margao.Clay moulding session for children: The Colmorod Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal recently organized a clay moulding session for children of Colmorod/Ratvaddo, Navelim. Noted idol maker Tulsidas Naik taught the children how to mould clay in different forms. He said that if Goans learn the art of clay moulding, they need not have to go outside the state to procure Ganesh idols. Rajesh Kerkar, Suraj Sawant, Harish Borkar, Dattaprasad Chodankar, Parish Borkar and other members of the mandal coordinated the programme.First-aid training camp held at Panaji: A first-aid training camp was recently held for P Ed college students of Don Bosco College, Panaji. The training camp was jointly organized by Lions Club of Mala Fontainhas, Panaji , and St John Ambulance Society, Bangalore. Among those present were Mala Lions president Vipin Makwana, secretary Barnabe Sapeco, Fr Willie Fernandes - administrator of Don Bosco, Panaji, principal Marie Raj and faculty member Jovito Lopes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16583715", "title": "Coimbatore biz units protest frequent power cuts", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 30,000 small and medium industrial units in and around Coimbatore downed their shutters on Thursday to protest the frequent power outages extending up to 14 hours a day. More than 100 industrialists and their staff courted arrest by roaming in the vicinity with begging bowls to protest the power crisis.There was a mega protest in front of the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation ( TANGEDCO) office in Tatabad, where the demonstrators vociferously voiced their discontent over the unequal distribution of power across the state. While Chennai's outage is restricted to two hours daily, the rest of the state suffers 14 hours in darkness.Responding to the call of various industrial organizations, including Coimbatore, Tirupur District Microb and Cottan Entrepreneurs Association (KOTMA), industries downed their shutters, while nearly 5,000 industrialists, led by KOTMA president, S Ravikumar observed a one day hunger strike near the central bus stand, seeking uninterrupted power supply across the state, without any bias towards Indian and foreign industries.Ravikumar said that industries suffered a production loss of 20 crore due to the scheduled and unscheduled power cuts daily. He called on the government to distribute power equally across the state without bias.Stating that a majority of the small industries functioned in residential areas, where it was not possible to function at night or in shifts, the association urged the government not to resort to power cuts during the day, as running generators would also add to the pollution in these areas.They also urged the government to deploy the power generated from Kudankulam nuclear power plant entirely for the state, till the deficit was met by commissioning other projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16583342", "title": "World Tourism Day observed", "text": "VARANASI: International and domestic tourists were accorded a hearty welcome by officials of the tourism department and students of several educational institutions on the occasion of World Tourism Day on Thursday.The visitors to the city were garlanded by officials of UP Tourism at Tourist Information Centre, Cantonment Railway Station. Meanwhile, students from Institute of Tourism Studies, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV), formed a human chain along the ghats and Dashaswamedh road to welcome the tourists.The students and faculty members of department of History of Art and Tourism Administration, faculty of Arts, Banaras Hindu University ( BHU ) in collaboration with India Tourism organised a two-day programme at the department premises on Wednesday and Thursday to mark the occasion. During the event, various aspects of tourism, especially careers and role of public sector were discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582201", "title": "Sanjiv Bhatt, PUCL want riots probe panel to summon Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Another PIL has been filed in the Gujarat high court demanding that chief minister Narendra Modi should be summoned by the Nanavati commission that probes the 2002 riots.This time, it is People's Union for Civil Liberties ( PUCL) and suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, who have sought HC directions to the probe panel to issue notice to Modi \"so as to enable his appearance and examination\". Earlier, similar demands were rejected by the high court. Bhatt has implicated Modi in the 2002 riots, but his claims have been disregarded by the Supreme Court-appointed SIT.The petitioners have requested the court to direct the inquiry commission to order the state government under provisions of section 4 of the Commission of Inquiries Act to ask the secretary to protect and preserve all documents that are laying with the state intelligence bureau. These documents were sought by Bhatt last year from the SIB for the purpose of deposition before the commission. The same documents were sought again in February this year.The petitioners have also requested the court to direct the commission to forward certain documents and all 'representations' referred to in the Notification of July 20, 2004 to them.The PIL seeks HC order to commission to summon Bhatt and examine him and/or summon Modi. Bhatt was examined last year by the commission. He offered to depose further before the commission on condition that he is summoned to do so. He said he could not volunteer to reveal facts about the 2002 riots otherwise he was bound by oath of secrecy as an intelligence officer.The PIL has also expressed reservation against retired judges - G T Nanavati and Akshay Mehta's gesture of submitting a report on first reference about the train burning incident to Modi. The petition demands that the commission should submit its final report to the governor instead of Modi, whose role is under scanner.A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala heard the case and posed certain queries before the state government. The issue will now be heard next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16581172", "title": "Congress seeks probe into CMDC deals", "text": "RAIPUR: Linking Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi with a coal block allocation controversy, opposition Congress on Thursday sought a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the Mine Developer Cum Operator (MDO) deals of Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation (CMDC).\"CMDC's deals are suspicious as its modus operandi is to enter into joint venture with companies and have agreements which are heavily loaded in favour of other parties. CMDC acted just like a middleman\", AICC general secretary BK Hariprasad told reporters at the state Congress office.He said CMDC appointed Gujarat based Adani group-which he claimed is considered close to Chief Minister Narendra Modi-as mine developer cum operator (MOD) through a tender. Now the CMC is talking about setting up a washery and supplying washed coal to Bhushan Steel in violation of the terms and conditions, he pointed out.Hariprasad said the Congress had earlier raised the issue of CMDC's similar MOD deal with Nagpur based firm, allegedly close to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari .Pointing out that Chief Minister Raman Singh has been maintaining that the centre had allocated coal blocks to companies even without state government recommendation, he said CMDC got allocation of Chendipada and Chendipada -II coal block stating that it had signed an Memorandum of understanding (MOU) with M/s Bhushan Steel and Strips Limited for supply of coal to its existing and proposed power plants. \"This was done without recommendation from the Orissa government\", he said.Hariprasad said this block, having coal reserves of 1588.99 MT, were allocated to CMDC for the joint venture company-UCM Coal Company Limited-- it had formed with Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (UPRVUNL) and Maharashtra Power Generation Corporation (MAHAGENCO).Stating that the CMDC had sought coal block allocation on the basis of joint venture agreement (JVA) with Bhushan Steel and for supplying 500 MT raw coal to this company, the AICC general secretary said this coal block was allocated to CMDC without the recommendation of Orissa government. Ever since the Coalgate scam surfaced, the joint venture agreements reached between Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation (CMDC) with private players and selection of Mine developer cum operator (MOD) are under cloud with the opposition pointing out that these deals were aimed at favouring these companies.Former minister and legislator Mohammad Akbar told TOI \"CMDC has 51 % share in its joint venture firm with Nagpur-based SMS Infrastructure and Solar Explosives. Now the joint venture agreement says that the coal produced by JVC from Shankarpur (Bhatgaon-II) coal block will be sold commercially to various consumers in the open market which will be sole responsibility of SMS and Solar.\"While CMDC holds majority share in the joint venture company, he pointed out, the state owned corporation agreed to a clause that the JVC shall have a managing director who shall be a nominee of the SMS and Solar, the Nagpur based firms, considered allegedly people close to the BJP president Nitin Gadkari.\"The entire process adopted by CMDC for selection of MOD is ab initio illegal and we are pressing for a CBI probe into all deals by the state owned mineral development corporation\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16586421", "title": "Air India Mumbai IATA Safety Audit for Ground Operation registration renewed", "text": "MANGALORE: Air India added another feather to its cap when the ISAGO ( IATA Safety Audit for Ground Operations) registration for Mumbai station was renewed. Air India has been the first Ground Service provider in India to have obtained the ISAGO registration in 2010. Air India is still the only registered ISAGO certified Ground handling Service provider in India.Air India had conducted its first IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA) audit way back in 2004. Compliance with ISAGO will minimize possibilities of untoward incidents, requires less audit operations, reduces costs, unifies standards and ensure greater safety and quality standards.ISAGO audit is conducted by an Auditor deputed from IATA accredited Audit Organisation for Air India Headquarters and by Auditors from an ISAGO Audit Pool Member Airlines for the Mumbai Station.The audit exercise reviews the Headquarters Organisation and Management systems as well as the station's Management System, passenger and baggage handling, load control, aircraft handling and loading, aircraft ground movement, cargo and mail handling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582938", "title": "Couple flees hospital deserting newly-born baby girl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A couple claiming to be from Banaskantha district disappeared on Monday leaving behind a newly-born baby girl at a pediatric department of Civil Hospital. The Shahibaug police officials have started search for the parents with the address provided to the hospital.According to Shahibaug police, a couple from Ursar village near Diyodar in Banaskantha district had come to Civil Hospital on Friday last week. The man had written his name as Bhupat Waghela and his wife's as Neeta. She had given birth to a baby girl on Saturday. However, as it was a premature baby, she was kept in a neo-natal ventilator. \"The mother and daughter were in A-3 ward of the pediatric department. While Waghela was not seen after Sunday, the mother also disappeared on Monday morning. The authorities waited for 24 hours before informing police about the incident. However, when they did not return, they initially tried contacting them on the phone number provided. When it did not work, they roped in police,\" said a police official.Officials said that they have sent a team to the village mentioned in the case papers to ascertain whether the couple used their real names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581083", "title": "'20 more buses for new tourism destinations'", "text": "BHOPAL: Tourism minister Tukojirao Puar has said 20 more buses are being started for new tourism destinations from this year. Addressing a gathering on the World Tourism Day at a city hotel, he informed that about Rs 50 crore would be spent on development of tourism infrastructure and facilities in the statePuar informed that after Bhopal, hospitality training centre is also being established at Jabalpur and Indore to ensure effective and qualitative services to tourists.He said Madhya Pradesh does not lag behind any other state from tourism point of view. Corporation vice-chairman Santosh Jain was also present.Puar said planned efforts are being ensured to make Madhya Pradesh a pioneer state in tourism sector. Work towards extension of facilities to tourists in every kind of tourism is being undertaken under a well conceived policy.Principal secretary tourism SPS Parihar said every possible effort is being made to promote tourism in the state. He said for this adventure and water sports and religious tourism would be promoted, facilities will be increased at places of historic and archaeological importance and budget hotels will be promoted. Referring to amendments in the state's tourism policy, Parihar said tourism has been accorded industry status.The policy also aims at converting private buildings into heritage hotels under heritage hotels subsidy scheme. He said investors have evinced keen interest for investment in Madhya Pradesh during road shows in Mumbai and Delhi.Member of the executive council hotel and restaurant Sunit Kothari and Adventure Tour and Travels president Tejvinder Singh also expressed their views.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582536", "title": "CPM, not Congress, biggest foe: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday made it clear it is CPM \u2014 not Congress \u2014 that remains her biggest enemy.\"There is nothing to be elated about,\" she told the Left MLAs in the assembly on Thursday.\"We have parted with Congress for we refuse to compromise on our ideals. Kintu oder sathe jhagra hoyeche bole apnader sathe bhaab hobe erokom bhabar kono karon neye (But there is no reason to think that since we fought with them, we will be friends with you),\" she said during the tabling of a resolution against the hike in diesel prices, the cap on subsidized LPG and FDI in multi-brand retail.Mamata raised her pitch against the CPM to such levels that it appeared that her fight against FDI in multi-brand retail was less against the Centre now and more against CPM at home.She rose to speak the moment Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra got up to lead the Left walkout.\"They fear the truth. Their bravado is only to speak lies, all decked up, before television sets. I am not against Leftism, but I am against these so-called Leftists. They speak of the haves and leave out the have-nots,\" she said.Left Front chairman Biman Bose hit back, saying: \"Trinamool is trying to hijack our issues and is using our slogans. They are trying to be more Left than the Leftists. Trinamool has only now started talking about the people's interest in FDI in multi-brand retail, but the Left has been opposing it since the time it was mooted in 2005.\"Mishra later said, \"I was very surprised today to see Congress and Trinamool pointing fingers at each other. Trinamool leaders were speaking of imperialism and socialism. I hoped that by leaving the house, they could bury their hatchet. It is better to leave when two friends fight with each other.\"Mamata was softer on the Congress. \"They left us on their own. We didn't ask them to. I still believe forgiveness is the biggest religion. When we joined them in the Centre, the commitment was to stay for five years. We did not want to leave after three years. We didn't ask anything from them all these years. All we said is do not increase prices for it affects the common men,\" she said.\"Why were all these decisions taken together? Some people were almost egging us to leave the Centre. Now these people are saying the Centre will drain the state dry. My commitment is for the people. We've always fought and that we will continue to do. We are not here due to anyone's benevolence,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16582986", "title": "Civic body to form \u2018Thozhil sena\u2019 to battle unemployment", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation is planning to launch 'Thozhil sena', a team of dedicated employees, in various wards. The team will be formed as part of implementing Ayyankali urban employment guarantee scheme. Earlier, the scheme was devised mainly for clean well workers, who were rendered jobless since the closure of garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala.\"Now, we will create teams of employees in various wards which could be used for different purposes other than cleaning and collecting garbage. The project will be implemented on the model of national rural employment guarantee scheme,\" said chairman of welfare standing committee Palayam Rajan.As part of the scheme, all councillors have been asked to prepare ward-level proposals to create job opportunities. The councillors will also be entrusted with the task of finding eligible people, who can be recruited to the Thozhil sena.The proposal is being designed in association with the Kudumbasree mission. \"We will accommodate the workers under urban wage employment scheme which is a component of the Swarna Jayanti Shehar Rozgar Yojna (SJSRY). The scheme aims at giving job opportunities for the unemployed, poor, urban people,\" said a corporation official.Earlier, Thiruvananthapuram was not included in this scheme since its population exceeded five lakh. The city was not entitled for SJSRY since it was meant for cities with population less than five lakh. The corporation is expecting ward-level proposals to be tabled by next month. The main focus will be on cleaning the wards, including maintenance of drainage, measures to prevent mosquito breeding and promotion of source-level waste management.Besides, the team will be employed in afforestation, construction of houses under basic services for urban poor scheme and EMS housing project. \"They will mainly be employed in preserving water sources in different wards. All the ponds that have been turned into dumping yards over the last few months will be restored and converted into potential water reserves,\" said an official.The project also lays emphasis on employing members of Thozhil sena in developing micro irrigation schemes in the city and in carrying out agriculture on vacant plots.The team will be formed as part of implementing Ayyankali urban employment guarantee scheme", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16581022", "title": "Chaos mars distribution of bins by Vadodara Municipal Corporation", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) began distribution of dustbins to urban poor as a part of solid waste management project under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.VMC has procured 2.5 lakh dustbins for household use. The distribution is a part of the detailed project report put up in JnNURM by VMC for solid waste management.The dustbins would be initially provided to those residing in slums and housing projects for the urban poor as garbage from such household is often thrown in the open.A programme to kick off the process was held at Anand Nagar on Thursday morning. Mayor Jyoti Pandya kicked off the process, but chaos prevailed soon after she left. Some persons made irate representations to other VMC officials and functionaries there regarding the civic issues in the area.Some others who had been waiting for their turn to collect the garbage bins rushed to collect them creating chaos at the place even as VMC had planned to distribute these later on a door-to-door basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582203", "title": "Met department hopes for rain to break long dry spell", "text": "PANAJI: A low pressure area developing over the Bay of Bengal has caught the attention of state meteorologists, as they hope for some relief from the longest dry spell of the monsoon season at its concluding stage.The meteorological centre at Altinho has not recorded any rainfall in Panaji since Wednesday morning, September 19, barring just 1.0mm on Monday, September 24. \"During the season, there were random dry spells of a day, but this is a continuous dry spell from September 20, except for Monday. And it is the longest,\" meteorological director K V Singh said.Hopes lie in the low pressure area over the bay of Bengal. \"Goa can get some rain, though not heavy, if the formation crosses the east coast,\" Singh said. Monsoon is likely to linger for a while longer.From P1After the rain crossed a much-awaited landmark of 100 inches (2,540mm) on September 3, the wet spell continued for a few more days, rather weakly, till September 20. The seasonal total has remained around 107 inches (2,680+mm) for more than ten days, though light showers have been witnessed in other centres. Overall, the season reached the normal graph earlier this month.June yielded a major chunk of the rainfall 1,177.1mm (about 47 inches), but rainfall during July, which is considered the wettest month of the year, was even less than August this year. The met department recorded a rainfall of about 614.0mm (about 24 inches) in July.\"This is considered deficient for July,\" Singh said. In August, Panaji received 651.9mm (about 26 inches).The agriculture department has stated that the effect of the dry spell on paddy crop is minimal. \"If this dry spell continues for a few more days, it may affect paddy in upland areas of Sanguem, Quepem and Ponda,\" agriculture director S S P Tendulkar said.Crops in low-lying areas and the coastal belt are unlikely to be impacted. \"There is some moisture still and paddy in coastal areas is ready for harvesting,\" Tendulkar added. The dry spell may affect seasonal vegetable on hill slopes, such as chillies and cucumber.The withdrawal of the monsoon, which starts in reverse fashion from the country's northern side, has started in some parts. \"It will take some time for it to recede from Goa,\" Singh said.The nights have become cooler than normal, though the mercury has hovered a degree higher than normal for some time. \"Night temperatures are around 22 degrees celsius while the average temperature should be 24 degrees celsius,\" Singh said.The met centre has recorded day temperatures of 31 degrees celsius while 32 degrees celsius is normal at this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582304", "title": "Head to Kabini in a caravan", "text": "BANGALORE: Caravans will soon roll out in Karnataka in an effort to hardsell the state as a premier tourist destination. Announcing the decision to introduce caravan tourism, tourism minister Anand Singh announced on World Tourism Day that the Centre has agreed to the proposal.The state government has sanctioned Rs 40 lakh to kickstart it in Karnataka, he added. Karnataka, he claimed, will be the second state after Madhya Pradesh to have this option. \"People can take the caravan on rent from us and visit our camps at Kabini and Bheemeshwari,\" Anand said.Officials said they're in talk to procure two caravans to start with. In all likelihood, they will get it from companies operating in the state itself.Tourism Trade ActA draft Tourism Trade Act was released on Thursday. Apart from presenting its salient features involving various stakeholders, the tourism department has called for suggestions from private players in the sector.The Act is aimed at proper maintenance of destinations to ensure tourist comfort, responsibilities and duties of constituents in the industry. Some aspects addressed are homestays, adventure tourism, guides and responsibilities of local authorities. Views reportedly poured in from various stakeholders.Tour de force* Mega coastal circuit planned at Rs 250 crore, Buddhist circuit at Rs 50 crore and Jain circuit at Rs 50 crore* Two theme parks, one each at Suttur (Mysore) and another in Hampi, are coming up at estimated cost of Rs 40 crore and Rs 250 crore. Some of these projects will be centrally funded* More cities will get Green Police drawn from Home Guards and security personnel deployed in Mysore, Hubli, Hampi and Karwar* 6.12 crore tourists visited Karnataka this year* 14% rise in tourist traffic in state during first six months of 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582666", "title": "Tour operators skip Ranthambore in itineraries", "text": "JAIPUR: As the Ranthambore National Park (RNP) gears up to open in two days time, the impasse over the Supreme Court verdict has forced tour operators to keep alternate arrangements in place. While almost 200 tourist groups were diverted to other destinations, about 500 foreign individual travelers (FIT) decided not to take a chance with RNP. Meanwhile, foreign visitors who have planned to reach the park on the October 1, will now have to give the tiger a miss and have to contend with other lesser charms of the RNP.After the court announced the next date of hearing on October 3, tour operators re-scheduled itinerary dates for RNP visit, hoping the SC hearing on 3rd might enable tourists to catch a glimpse of the tiger. While a few hotels expect cancellations, others are ready with plan 'B' that would focus on the lesser known side of Ranthambore.According to a leading tour operator, \"For those tourists who have already scheduled to be in Ranthambhore on October 1, the focus would be the 944 AD fort. In the event that park gets closed for tiger sighting, they would have to make do with birds and crocodiles at the lakes and water bodies.\" The agents are planning to throw in their itinerary visits to the Surwal lake, Mansarovar dam and a sunset ride at Ameli Deh, Ranthambore's best kept secret. The local villages and schools would also get the focus in the name of rural tourism.But the real impact of the ban on tiger tourism in the core areas is likely to be felt only the following year. Without taking a chance, the foreign tour operators have stopped marketing RNP this year. Local tour operators expect a sharp drop in number of visitors to RNP, significantly affecting the tourists arrivals in 2013.\"The brochures for 2013-14 season get printed in July-August. Since there was no clarity over the SC verdict, we have decided that it was best to skip selling Ranthambore. If the ruling goes in fovourl, then we will add a trip to the park later on,\" said Khalid Khan executive director, Le Passage to India. The foreign tourist operators are not promoting Ranthambore itinerary this year as aggressively as they used to do.In order to avoid default this season, all tour operators have already sounded off their counterparts that a trip to the park would only be possible, subject to the SC verdict. \"The hotel bookings this year were all on hold. Even the hotels were kind enough not to charge any retention charges in the case of cancellations. We have a big German group but we informed them well in advance,\" said Khalid.Another tour operator Deepak Dhandh, managing director, V care Holidays, said, \"Because of the uncertainty over RNP, we cancelled all rooms in Ranthambore and had to divert many groups. We dropped bookings for almost 35-40 FITs for RNP. Instead, we are promoting rural tourism at other destinations.\"In July, the SC court had banned tourism in core areas of all tiger reserves in the country based on an existing policy of the Centre. The ban was imposed after states failed to comply with the Centre's notification that tourism in these core areas be phased out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16582880", "title": "Ranjib Biswal to head National Cricket Academy", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (Bon Thursday nominated Ranjib Biswal as chairman of the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore. At its annual general meeting in Mumbai, the BCCI decided to elevate Biswal, who is at present vice-chairman of NCA, to succeed M P Pandove. A former junior India cricketer and also ex-member of the senior national selection committee, 42-year-old Biswal is the president of Orissa Cricket Association.Activists stall Sutkel project work: Activists of Budi Anchal Sangrami Parishad (BASP), an outfit which has been opposing the proposed Lower Suktel irrigation project, on Thursday stalled the construction work of spill way at Magurbeda village in Balangir district after officials and construction engineers reached the site. \"Temporarily the work has been stopped. We will wait for further orders from the government in this regard,\" said additional district magistrate S Minz.Anti-Islam video sparks protests in Kolkata: Hundreds of Muslims on Thursday marched towards the American Center in Kolkata to protest against an anti-Islam video and to demand that the US's apology. The protestors broke barricades and tried to approach the highly-fortified consulate.Nepal Maoists drive against Indian vehicles and films: Hardline Maoists ordered Indian-registered vehicles out of Nepal on Thursday and demanded that cinemas stop showing Bollywood movies in protest over New Delhi's alleged influence in the Himalayan nation.Cameron flunks UK citizenship test on TV: United Kingdom prime minister David Cameron on Wednesday on an American TV chat show failed to answer some questions of a test that all Indian and other non-EU citizens have to pass before becoming British citizens. Cameron could not answer questions on the Magna Carta and who was the composer of Rule Britannia.Court wants Thackeray booked for anti-Bihari remarks: A Delhi court on Thursday asked the police to lodge an FIR against MNS chief Raj Thackeray for allegedly branding Bihar natives as infiltrators in Mumbai and threatening them to throw out of the state.Dreamliner suffers bird hit, none hurt: An Air India Dreamliner aircraft carrying 127 passengers from New Delhi suffered a bird hit while landing at the Bangalore airport on Thursday morning. No one was injured. There was no damage to the aircraft too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16584003", "title": "Tests say woman died of swine flu", "text": "NAGPUR: On Friday, it will be exactly one month since the city saw its first swine flu positive case. Even as the toll of swine flu victims in the last one month touched six with the death of a woman in a private hospital recently, civic authorities discussed ways of controlling the infection on Thursday.The atmosphere in the city being conducive to the spread of the H1N1 virus, officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) reviewed the preparedness of the city's health workers to deal with it, on the directions of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane.31-year-old Manisha Titarmare from Tumsar town of Bhandara district, who died on Saturday, was diagonised to have had swine flu. Test results came on Monday. Before her, Gondia's Deepak Tiwari had passed away in the city on August 30. Manisha, who had recently delivered a child, was admitted to a hospital four days before she passed away.Officials from NMC's health department met representatives from some private hospitals that have been assigned designated identified isolation wards (IIW).Nodal medical officer Dr Shyam Shende said that eight of the NMC-run hospitals are screening patients and distributing medicines free of cost. \"Zonal medical officers of the ten zones of the corporation are engaged in checking and treating swine flu patients and those who have been in contact with them,\" he said.Health officer Dr Savita Meshram said there are plans to raise awareness about the disease through banners, posters and hoardings. \"Meanwhile, people are requested to take precautions like washing hands frequently, avoiding crowded places and staying away from people showing symptoms of flu,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "prabhas' rebel telugu movie review highlights", "code": "16585240", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel Telugu movie review highlights", "text": "Prabhas' Rebel Telugu movie review highlights: After back-to-back hits like Darling and Mr. Perfect, young rebel star, Prabhas, is looking to score a hat trick at the box office with his latest action entertainer, Rebel. The movie has been in the making for the past two years and is one of the most awailted films in Tollywood. Director Raghava Lawrence has shot some dare-devil action sequences which could be a treat for Prabhas fans. Let's find out more on what Rebel has to offer.Rebel Telugu movie review highlightsPrabhas looks deliciously macho. He has never looked so dashing in his well-tone body. The actor brings a different dimension to his role in this different avatar. He has his smirk in place, he is cocky and at times, evil. Rebel has some amazing stunts sequences and Prabhas' performance is one of the high points of the film. His dance moves in a couple of numbers are also good.Tamannaah looks hot as a hip-hop dance teacher. She's been shown in a glamorous avatar, giving the audience every penny's worth with her oomph act. Deeksha Seth in a reasonable but short role does justice. Lawrence has come up with a familiar storyline but it appeared that he was unable to handle the slick approach.The director relies more on the presentation than the narrative aspect. Perhaps this might be because the script was written with lot of masala, and as a result, the screenplay could not elevate the film. In a few scenes the director's skill comes through, but then he could have done a lot better given the budget, time and infrastructure.The scenes before the interval elevates the hero's eccentricity and makes the plot interesting, but then, it fails to carry forward the same momentum in the second half.The director should have trimmed a few scenes in the second half as the movie's running time is beyond 2 hrs 45 minutes.The comic scenes between Brahmanandam and Kovai Sarala are not engaging.There were hardly any songs that were worth talking about. The music is a huge let down as Lawrence fails to make any impact in his debut music album.Ram Prasad's cinematography is top notch. He has made the scenes look sharp and has enhanced the film's visual appeal.Marthand Venkatesh's editing could have been better as sometimes it kind of created too short a sequence taking away the feel of the film.Art department came with good settings while the action episodes were also impressive, costumes were perfect to each character.The film belongs to hard-core Prabhas fans as the movie is stylish and visually rich but not much in content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16581675", "title": "CRPF men accused of harassing women", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two back-to-back incidents of alleged eve-teasing of local women at Chaibasa in west Sighbhum and Musabani in east Singhbhum districts, within the span of a week, has come as a setback to the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), that has been continuously pursuing its civic action plan (CAP) aimed at winning the confidence of the rural people alongside the anti-extremist operations in the Kolhan division.But the senior CRPF authorities appeared skeptical on the charges levelled against the jawans in Musabani and Chaibasa.\"The two incidents should be viewed in the light of the developments of the last several months wherein there's been a constant demand from the local villagers to shift the CRPF camps from its local sites (in Chaibasa and Musabani, respectively),\" said deputy inspector general (DIG) operations, CRPF, Kolhan, Bhanu Pratap Singh. He however, said police is investigating into the matter.Similarly, a senior CRPF officer engaged in anti-Naxalite operations in the Dalma range said that police investigation will alone bring to light whether the charges leveled against the jawans hold water or not.Without calling the two separate eve-teasing incidents a conspiracy, the officer said, \"An allegation is an allegation that deserves impartial and comprehensive probe.\"On Wednesday, two CRPF jawans identified as Ajay Kumar and Ashutosh Kumar of battalion 193, allegedly eve teased a local village girl in Musabani block in Ghatshila sub-division that outraged the villagers. This was followed by a cane-charge by the CRPF men in retaliation.\"The two accused are in police custody and shall be forwarded to jail,\" said Musabani police station in-charge, Arun Kumar Dubey.Earlier, on Monday, a CRPF battalion 174 jawan, identified as Md Shafiq, allegedly harassed a local woman near the paramilitary camp under muffasil police station area in Chaibasa. An FIR against the accused was lodged after the victim's husband Sanjay Gope led the villagers' delegation to the police station on the next day. No arrests have been made in this case so far.The jawans of the lower rung have, however, admitted that incidents of misbehaviour with women earns the the organization a bad name and measures should be taken to make the personnel practice utmost self-restraint and discipline on the field.Local MLA, Deepak Birua on Tuesday staged a strong protest in Chaibasa demanding shifting of the CRPF camp from the area. Villagers in Musabani too have been clamouring for the removal of the camp from the area.\"Building CRPF camps in scheduled area without seeking consent of the gram sabha is unconstitutional and ,therefore, justifies opposition from the local villagers,\" said Mukesh Birua of Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Mahasabha that has called for a massive rally in Chaibasa on October 3 seeking shifting of CRPF camp.In Musabani, the CRPF battalion 193 personnel are currently lodged in HCL-owned community hall and recreation club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581535", "title": "2-day thyroid surgery camp from October 5", "text": "NAGPUR: The Rotary Club of Nagpur (South) is organizing its 13th annual two-day thyroid surgery camp at the Chikhaldara rural hospital from October 5.The camp being organized with support from the Foundation for Head and Neck Oncology (FHNO) is targeting to perform 12-15 surgeries in two days on the already chosen patients from the local Korku tribe. The doctors participating in the camp have converted the camp into hands on training workshop for the ENT surgeons from across the country.In charge of the camp from the clubRotarian Amit Gokhale informed that the club had created a permanent state of art operation theater at the rural hospital in Chikhaldara where at least four operations could be performed at one go. The club has been conducting the camp with active support from the forest department, Amravati district collectorate, the civil surgeon and the MSEDCL.managed to run the show for twelve years mainly due to support of government departments like the forest department, the Amravati district collectorate, the civil surgeon and the MSEDCL which ensures uninterrupted electric supply during the surgeries.A team of ENT surgeons Dr Madan Kapre, Dr RB Deshmukh, Dr Devendra Mahore and Dr Tulsi Bhilavekar will be performing the surgeries during the camp. Anaesthetist Dr Vidula Kapre and Dr Sachin Makde will assist in the surgeries. Rotarian Dr VD Deshpande informed that 26 doctors had registered for the workshop. Besides them another 12-15 doctors will also be participating in the workshop who would be observers now and trainees next year.,, a club member said that the forest department particularly played a pivotal role in successful conduction of the camp as it is the forest department staff which ensures that the information about the camp reaches every individual in all the Korku villages in Melghat area. The Rotary members along with the health department staff and doctors from Nagpur visit the Chikhaldara rural hospital few days before the camp and identify cases for the surgery.Dr Madan Kapre, ENT surgeon and the next president of the FHNO in India informed that 26 doctors have already registered for workshop. Besides them another 12-15 doctors will also be participating in the workshop who would be observers now and trainees next year.Besides Dr Kapre the team which will be conducting the surgeries and assisting the surgeons includes two other ENT surgeons Dr R B Deshmukh and Dr Devendra Mahore along with anaesthesians Dr Vidula Kapre and Dr Sachin Makde. Dr Tulsi Bhilavekar, a Korku doctor at Chikhaldara also assists the team.So far city doctors have performed 118 surgeries in Chikhaldara and trained 550 doctors since 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581948", "title": "Cops recovered 15% of property stolen in 2011", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To add to the records the state has been setting in incidents of crime recently, another dubious distinction comes in the form of National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) statistics that shows property worth Rs 19,318.4 lakh was stolen in Uttar Pradesh in 2011. The sorry part is that police recovered property worth Rs 7,671 lakh, which is only 39.7 per cent of the motor vehicles, firearms, electronic goods, antiques, bicycles, explosives, cattle, telecom and electric wires and other kinds of property stolen. Of objects worth Rs 545.1 lakh stolen in Allahabad in 2011, only 15.1 per cent could be recovered.There was theft of various objects worth Rs 545.1 lakh stolen in the Sangam city in 2011 as per the data and the police were able to recover stolen goods worth Rs 82.3 lakh only.Tally of other KAVAL towns, reads as Agra: Rs 582.7 lakh , Lucknow:1025.1 lakh , Varanasi: Rs 200 lakh and Kanpur: Rs 1581.1 lakh while police of the districts could recover only 29.9 per cent, 29.8 per cent, 26.1 per cent and 3.6 per cent of the goods stolen, respectively. In Meerut, property worth Rs 423.5 lakh was stolen while police were able to recover Rs 159.7 lakh in terms of 37.7 per cent of total value of property.In cases of burglary (registered under Sections 449-452, 454-455 and 457-480 of IPC) reported and value of property stolen during 2011, 3,908 residential houses were the targets of thieves in the state and property worth Rs 2173.2 lakh was stolen.In KAVAL towns, the highest, 349 residential houses, became target of burglars in Lucknow and property worth Rs 210.9 lakh was stolen. Booty worth Rs 57.3 lakh was stolen from 150 houses in Agra from where, worth Rs 88.3 lakh from 114 houses in Allahabad, Rs 123.7 lakh from 275 houses in Kanpur and worth Rs 14.3 lakh from 44 houses in Varanasi. There were 115 house breaks in Meerut city and property worth Rs 35.7 lakh was stolen.A senior cop said \"Highest number of cases were of auto theft registered in all major towns of the state while communication and electronic goods and electric wires were the second most stolen articles.\" As per NCRB records, Rajasthan police have done a good job recovering 60.5 per cent of property stolen recovery in other states like Andra Pradesh was 51.9 per cent, in Haryana 42 per cent, J&K; 49.9 per cent, and in Tamilnadu 54.5 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582823", "title": "A colourful start to Kerala Travel Mart 2012", "text": "KOCHI: Though tourism may be the backbone of the state generating revenues of around $800 million, but the lack of vision has led to poor infrastructural facilities.Bad roads, poor waste management and frequent hartals are an inconvenience to tourists, said Union minister for food and civil supplies KV Thomas.He was speaking at the inaugural ceremony of the Kerala Travel Mart 2012 on Thursday.After speaking about the positive aspects of Kerala tourism in English, the central minister switched to Malayalam and drew the attention of the locals to the problems that exist in the state.\"It took me 4 hours to travel from Mata Amritanandamayi math to Kochi by road. On Wednesday, I needed only four hours to travel from Hyderabad to Bangalore by road,\" he said. KTM 2012 president Riaz Ahmed said, to improve tourism, there has to be constant development and maintenance of roads is a must.Tourism department is also developing eco-friendly, rural tourism packages in Kumarakom, Wayanad, Kovalam and Muziris heritage circuit. Emphasising on quality, tourism secretary Suman Billa said: \"We want tourists who will stay here for a longer period. To meet this, we will have to develop activities revolving around Ayurveda and adventure tourism. We intend to launch sea planes by February 2012, which will be a big boost for tourism.\"Chief minister Oommen Chandy was absent due to ill health. He was to give his inaugural speech through video conferencing, but technical snags halted this move. However, the media release quoted his message - \"Environment is our treasure, our culture and our investment. We are bound to preserve it at any cost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581117", "title": "Irrigation scam: Bal Thackeray urges Prithviraj Chavan to order probe", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has urged Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to order a probe into irregularities in the state's irrigation projects.\"Now that Ajit Pawar has put in his papers on moral grounds (which is a joke by itself) and has asked the CM to order an independent probe, Chavan should get cracking and bring out a white paper on irrigation projects. This is the CM's responsibility,'' said Thackeray in an editorial in party mouthpiece Saamna on Thursday. \"There is a clamour that irrigation projects are bogged down in financial irregularities. Chavan too has been saying this. Now, he should order a probe and bring out a white paper on the issue.''Arguing it was Chavan who, as minister of state in the PMO, had signed government files and okayed the Commonwealth Games deals and allocation of coal contracts, Thackeray said in his editorial, \"Chavan has come to Maharashtra as Mr Clean because New Delhi gave him the benefit of doubt. Now, he should see that his ministers too are clean and their functioning is above reproach.''He also exhorted Chavan to initiate action against Congress minister Rajendra Darda (for his alleged involvement in Coalgate) and former Mumbai Congress chief Kripa Shankar Singh. Singh is roaming scot-free because of the CM's blessings, Saamna added.Talking of the political upheaval in Maharashtra following Ajit Pawar's resignation, Saamna said the high drama is in keeping with the NCP's gameplan to destabilize the Congress Party in the state if the Congress Party allows Chavan to continue as chief minister.By putting in his papers, Pawar has targeted the chief minister. Now, it is Sharad Pawar who will decide how long the political cauldron will keep boiling in the state, said Saamna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582753", "title": "Many among OBCs far more backward than Gujjars: Israni", "text": "JAIPUR: The Other Backward Classes commission that is examining the Gujjars' demand for increased quota in government jobs and educational institutes has, prima facie, found that many communities within the OBC are far more backward than the Gujjars.In its report likely to be submitted to the state government by the first week of October, the OBC commission may club these communities with the Gujjars and recommend increased quota for them too. Moreover, the commission could recommend sub-division of the OBC category to recommend increased quota for certain communities and yet keep overall reservation within the 50% limit set by the Supreme Court.Commission chairperson Justice IS Israni (retd) gave indications in this regard on Thursday. \"It is true that there are communities more backward than the Gujjars. We will try to do justice to all and give them as much relief as we can,\" Justice Israni said in response to a query about the quantifiable survey data on OBC communities presented to it by the government.After the previous Vasundhara Raje government created the special backward classes (SBC) category by clubbing Rebari, Banjara and Garia-Lohar communities with the Gujjars to grant them 5% separate quota, only these four communities have been so far considered for increased reservation.In the past few weeks, however, dozens of different communities' representatives have made representations before the OBC commission to demand reservation at par with the Gujjars. There were reports that at least four dozen different communities have claimed to be more backward than the Gujjars with hardly any representation in government jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581946", "title": "Mayor takes stock of civic amenities in Kydganj area", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Peeved over the rampant complaints about deterioration of civic amenities and Dadhikando Mela which would be organised at Kydganj, mayor Abhilasha Gupta Nandi inspected the area on Thursday.The cavalcade of the mayor initially reached the Kydganj police station. It was found that the drains across the road were not cleaned for the last several months and the silt was still lying in the drains. The mayor gave instructions for undertaking the cleaning drive in the area and the removal of the silt from the drains. Further, drains are also broken at numerous places due to which water spills on the road and cause water logging whenever there is rainfall.Further, the cleanliness system has also deteriorated in the area as garbage was found at different places during the inspection.She also visited the mela area and gave instructions that all the preparations should be started on a war footing so that pilgrims thronging mahakumbh should not face any problem.Residents also complained that condition of the roads of the area has significantly deteriorated and the commuters have to face lots of problems while traversing on these roads.Mayor Abhilasha Gupta Nandi instructed the officers to pull up their socks and take steps for ensuring cleanliness and repairing of the roads in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16580931", "title": "Visarjan yatra gets final touches", "text": "MUMBAI: As the sun sets on the festival of Ganeshotsav on Saturday, the deity's stay seems so short to devotees that they are already suffering pangs of separation anxiety.Mandal volunteers are purchasing nylon ropes to tie the floats and Ganpati trolleys. Boats have been hired to ferry the big idols for immersion and karyakartas are busy ordering flower garlands and supplies for the grand parade.The keepers of the law also host modest celebrations of their own. The fire department under chief fire officer Suhas Joshi has installed a 5-foot Ganpati at its Byculla headquarters, says officer-in-charge Krushna Yadav. Over at the Santa Cruz police colony, the golden jubilee Ganeshotsav is coming to a successful close.Some old chawls along the immersion route have specialised pushpavrushti mandals that shower flowers, durva and gulal upon passing idols. At Lalbaug, residents of Sadanand Narvekar chawl have prepared a beautiful thermocol idol of Goddess Kali while neighbouring Shroff building is ready with an exquisite model of Shivaji Maharaj and his rajmudra. Both Atmaram Parab and Sagar Waghela, who head these rival pushpavrushti teams, are confident of putting their best foot forward on Saturday.Meanwhile, the Lalbaugcha Raja mandal closed the mukhdarshan queue for the season on Thursday afternoon. The idol is immersed the morning after Anant Chaturdashi.Lalbaug's pride, the Mumbaicha Raja of Ganesh Gully, leads the rest on Anant Chaturdashi. \"Ours is the first idol to leave the mandap around 8.30am on visarjan day,\" says spokesperson Swapnil Parab.The mandal has sent out letters to all police stations en route to Girgaum Chowpatty alerting them about its presence. Assistant treasurer Siddhesh Korgaonkar says that a special committee is appointed on the final day whose tenure lasts barely 24 hours. \"We perform the visarjan aarti upon the seashore and after that, that committee as well as the mandal treasurers remove the ornaments from the idol. The temporary team is disbanded once the jewellery is deposited in the bank vault,\" he says.Most mandals tug the mobile trolley beneath the idol right onto the boat and lead it into the sea. However, hundreds of Ganesh Gully volunteers pull the nylon ropes tied to the trolley by hand and immerse the idol. \"It requires immense skill but we have years of experience behind us,\" says Parab.Like them, the South Indian Ganpati of GSB Wadala is led around the area dazzling onlookers with its brilliant display of golden ornaments. \"All the jewellery is insured and only removed at the time of immersion,\" says mandal chairman N N Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16583614", "title": "Mysore zoo will organize sessions on wildlife", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Zoo is striving to educate and create awareness about the importance of wildlife and conservation among the masses.In its latest initiative, the zoo is introducing an interactive conservation education programme 'Conservation Speak' on first Tuesday of every month. The first programme is scheduled at the zoo auditorium on October 2, which coincides with Wild Life Week celebrations.Briefing about the programme, Mysore Zoo executive director B P Ravi said that eminent personalities, who are involved in conservation efforts of natural resources, will be invited to speak on related topics.Conservation biologist from Pune Vidya Athreya, who will be the inaugural speaker, will speak on 'Leopards in our midst - what do we do with the urban carnivores?'.Wildlife photography exhibition will also be held at 3pm the same day. The last date for the participants to register by emailing to zoomysore@gmail.com is September 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16582734", "title": "Ruckus at police station", "text": "LUDHIANA: Daresi police station witnessed a ruckus on Thursday morning when residents of Qila Mohalla claimed that a woman called Sonia Sachdeva had created a nuisance in their area. Daresi SHO Sanjeev Kapoor said after receiving a complaint, he sent women cops to bring Sonia to the police station. He added that along with Sonia, a number of residents of Qila Mohalla also came there and accused her of disturbing them. He said during an inquiry they came to know that Sonia had had a marital dispute with her husband Davinder Sachdeva for five years and was seeking her share in the property from her in-laws. Kapoor said Davinder claimed to have transferred some property in Sonia's name earlier, adding she was now seeking more. He said Davinder told them he wanted a divorce but she was not in its favour. Sonia reportedly protested in front of Davinder's house for two days, all this while getting into arguments with area residents. Police have initiated action against Sonia under sections 107 and 151 CrPC and detained her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581559", "title": "Procession may wind up early, says Gulabrao Pol", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police hope that Ganesh mandals will complete their immersion procession earlier than the previous years, said police commissioner Gulabrao Pol on Thursday. The mandals had taken 27 hours to wind up the immersion in 2011. There are 3,448 mandals in the city and Pimpri Chinchwad.\"This year, we hope that the immersion will be completed on Sunday between noon and 1 pm. Ganesh mandals have given us an assurance about it,\" said Pol at an interaction with journalists at the Pune police commissionerate. Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal and senior police officials were also present.According to Pol, \"There was discontent among Ganesh mandals last year as the police had filed cases against them for flouting the Supreme Court guidelines. This year, we have bridged the gap between Ganesh mandals and police by seeking public participation.\"Pol said, \"The police and public participation have played a key role in creating confidence in Ganesh mandals and this has given us a feeling that they will abide by the law and will complete the immersion as early as possible.\"He said mandals will have to abide by the law and that they will not be allowed to play loudspeakers after midnight as per the Supreme Court order.\"The police is under pressure to maintain bandobast till late in the night during the festival and we are short of staff. We have taken the help of 5,000 students and youths from the Muslim community and others for maintaining law and order. We have taken assistance from retired police officials and have appointed office bearers of mandals as special police officers in maintaining bandobast. The PMC, PCMC, RTO, MSEDCL, Pune and Khadki Cantonment Boards have promised help to the police on immersion day,\" Pol stated.After the serial bomb blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road on August 1, police have created awareness on terrorism by holding public meetings. They have also displayed posters, handbills, showed slide shows, screened films at theatres, schools and colleges and sent SMSes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16583993", "title": "Harassing innocent car owners", "text": "It is quite evident that if the traffic police launches its drive on Monday, innocent car owners are likely to face harassment for no fault of theirs. The transport department is adding insult to injury by not getting its act together and then asking cops to penalize car owners. If it indeed has a large number of unclaimed numberplates, these owners can be challaned by the traffic police. This seems to be a case of serious deficiency in service and, what's worse, lack of any accountability. What's needed is a probe by Delhi government and not a drive to punish the victims.Related story : New car buyers face trouble for no fault of theirs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581226", "title": "Bombay High Court's respite to Videocon chief", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court on Thursday granted interim protection to chairman of Videocon Industries Venugopal Dhoot against JMFC's orders of bailable warrant against him and his son Anirudha, managing director of the group.A special division bench comprising justice Bhushan Gavai and justice MN Gilani directed the police not to take any coercive action against the Dhoots till next Thursday, the next date of hearing. The hearing was conducted in chamber of the judges. Sangram Sirpurkar pleaded for Dhoots while Jyotindra Gandhi appeared for original complainant Dilip Chhajed, proprietor of Hansa Travels.The Dhoots had failed to appear in court despite repeated summons issued while hearing a case filed by a city-based travel operator Hansa Travels. The Dhoots had allegedly defaulted payment of Rs20 lakh to the operator. The Dhoots moved the High Court after the JMFC issued a bailable warrant against them. The court while asking them to pay Rs1,000 each had also warned the father-son duo that it will issue a non-bailable warrant if they failed to appear during next hearing on Friday.TOI had first reported the case in detail on September 19.Earlier, on August 23, Justice TV Nalawade refused to grant relief to him. After former's transfer to Aurangabad, Dhoot's case was listed before a division bench comprising Justices Pratap Hardas and Arun Chaudhari on September 12, but former made it not before me. It was again came up for hearing before other division bench of justices Bhushan Gavai and Sunil Deshmukh on Tuesday, but latter used the same clause again.Dhoots knocked higher judiciary's doors after sixth JMFC issued a bailable warrant against them, as they failed to appear despite repeated summons which were issued while hearing a case filed by a city based travel operator as the Videocon allegedly defaulted their payment of Rs20 lakh. The court while asking them to pay Rs1,000 each also warned the father-son duo that it will issue a non-bailable warrant if they failed to appear during next hearing on Friday. TOI had first reported the case in detail on September 19.Chhajed was in business of providing transport facilities/buses for factory employees and school going children and was providing the services to Voltas Limited in Warora which was eventually taken over by the Videocon Industries. He filed a complaint after Videocon allegedly defaulted on the payment citing its \"bad conditions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581380", "title": "Late comers slow down RTO works", "text": "NAGPUR: Whenever questions about lack of efficiency at regional transport offices (RTO) are raised, officials are fond of citing manpower shortage. What they do not seem to see at all is their own staff squandering time coming late to the office. If they only reported on time and began working, the manpower shortage will not be so acutely felt.Most people say they are fed up with the non-cooperative attitude of officials and abject disregard for the people's time and patience. The common grouse of people coming to this office is that though office work should begin at 10am and the licence section should start at 9.30am, most staffers walk in between 11.30am-12.30pm.On Thursday morning, TOI visited the RTO office in Giripeth and found that of 111 employees, only four including, a woman staffer, had reached on time. All senior officials, including RTO, Dy RTO, and Asstt RTOs, too reached after 11am. The most affected sections were licence, transport and motor vehicle. The in-charge of these sections did not arrive before 11am.In August 2012, the east RTO office was bifurcated to cater to people from eastern part of the city. But people suffer as RTO staff doesn't arrive for work on time. This despite numerous complaints by the people to RTO S Shelke. \"We waited till noon. The attendance increased marginally,\" said some of the applicants who had come to get learners' and permanent licences made.Isha Sagote, who had come to prepare her learner's licence, reached the office before the official time of 9.30am. But even the assistant motor vehicle inspector reached after 10.15am, she informed. Late coming, long breaks and unnecessary leaves are a part of the daily life of the city RTO, alleged visitors.Requesting anonymity, a visitor alleged that an inspector with motor vehicle inspection does not come before 12 noon. They suggested a biometric attendance system can reduce this problem to some extent. RTO office has the traditional paper-based time attendance system. Employees mark their presence by putting their signatures. There is no column or any supervision to check the reporting time. \"This manual process of attendance has loopholes. It can be easily manipulated,\" claimed RTI activist and transporter Dilip Jaiswal.The employees manage to tamper the registers, but biometric attendance machine will record when each worker, including officials, reached office. According to applicants, coming late by RTO staff has helped touts in the office. Despite repeated attempts, regional transport officer S Shelke was not available for comments. Assistant RTO Ravindra Bhoyar called up after TOI visit to enquire why the team was visiting and took pictures. He said permission should have been obtained before taking picture conveniently forgetting that nobody, including he himself, was in office to grant permission.Another senior official tried to offer the excuse of Ganeshotsav. He assured staff would be asked to report on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582550", "title": "A clean N-choe by end of this year", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh's N-choe will be pollution-free by end of this year. In an affidavit placed before HC on Thursday, the municipal corporation stated that measures for stopping waste from entering the choe would be completed by December 31. After placing the affidavit on record, HC disposed off the matter with directions to UT administration to file a compliance report.Constables suspended: Two police constables \u2014 Somvir Singh and Pardeep Singh \u2014 attached with the Sector 34 police station were suspended for losing their wireless set while on duty, on Thursday. A DDR was lodged at the Sector 34 police station. A departmental probe was marked against them.Cop fires at ex-MLA's house: A 35-year old tipsy Punjab Armed Police (PAP) gunman, Nishan Singh, attached with former MLA from Amritsar Ranjeet Singh, fired three gunshots in air with his official weapon at Singh's residence in Phase VII, Mohali, on Wednesday night. He was arrested and sent to judicial custody on Thursday.Programme to get kids moving: To make up for the death of a holistic programme for achieving academic excellence, a group of professionals has started 'LeapStart'. It is a physical education and sports programme for children from KG to Class XII and was launched in Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16582012", "title": "NMC blames water department for 20% cut", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has shifted the onus of withdrawing the ongoing 20% water cut to the water resource department (WRD) by saying that the withdrawal would be subjected to reservation of NMC's quota of water in the Gangapur dam.The delay in monsoon and decline in the water level of the Gangapur dams had led the NMC administration to enforce water cut in all six division of NMC from June 19. Since then, the water cut is still being continued in the limits of NMC.Considering the requirement of water for the period from Oct 1, 2012 to August 15, 2013, the NMC administration has sought the WRD for the reservation of 4,550 million cubic feet in Gangapur dam. The NMC administration has said that the existing water cut would be rolled back once the WRD approves the water reservation in the Gangapur dam.The municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare has instructed the officials of the Water Supply Department of NMC to supply water with full pressure to the extent possible and also provide water through tankers where it is needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582206", "title": "I-T crackdown on commodity traders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The income tax (I-T) department on Thursday cracked down on two agro commodity traders. I-T officials carried out search and survey operations on 22 premises in Ahmedabad and Palanpur.The operation was against two major castor and rape seeds traders from Palanpur and their business associates in Ahmedabad.In Ahmedabad, I-T officials carried out search and survey operation at residences and offices of the traders in Prahaladnagar, Ghatlodia and Commerce Six Roads area.Sources said that I-T officials believe that the traders are involved with unaccounted trading of agriculture commodities and pumping black money through different companies in Ahmedabad and commodity market.A team of 80 officials were involved in the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16571133", "title": "Prabhudeva's special bond with Janleva 555 director!", "text": "A strong support is always very pivotal for a novice and debutant filmmaker Sandeep Malani feels blessed to be having the renowned choreographer turned filmmaker Prabhudeva by his side as he makes his foray in the Hindi Film Industry with Janleva 555 produced by House of Pandits .With back to back superhits to his credit Prabhudeva clearly is a very busy man. However, despite his busy schedule the filmmaker removed time to shoot a special message for Sandeep's film, a romantic musical mystery thriller. \"Prabhudeva is one of the best friends I have in the film industry and the moment he got to know about Janleva 555, he happily agreed to give a public message asking the audience to watch the film!\" exclaims Sandeep jubilantly.It is learnt that Sandeep's friendship with the superstar filmmaker goes back a long way. Apparently the two of them started their careers in films together 12 years ago with trilingual titled One, Two, Three which starred Prabhu and his brothers Raju, Sundaram and Prasad. \"I was the co-director in that film and it was clearly a very learning experience for me,\" states Sandeep. He further adds, \"I later also worked in Prabhu's home production Manasella Neene made by his father Mugoor Sundaram which again starred the three brothers. Infact for a scene in Manasella Neene, Prabhu directed that scene and I was his assistant. This was the first time we both directed a scene together and also acted in it.\"Well, Sandeep definitely has an ace up his sleeves for the promotions of his soon to release film!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581565", "title": "Substandard food stuff seized", "text": "NAGPUR: The personnel of Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) and Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) confiscated food items like khova, sweets and packaged water with fake ISI mark in two separate actions.FDA assistant commissioner told TOI that his team seized material under the ongoing surveillance operations in the city from various sweets manufacturers on September 21, 25 and 26. The raided establishments included Bhagawandas Lilaram, Itwari, Shyam Oil Mill, Khushaldas Devanmal, Itwari, Dinesh Trading Company, Dilip Traders. Food items worth Rs 1.78 lakh were sized and samples sent for lab testing.FDA team also seized stocks of pan masala and gutka costing Rs 26 lakh from Dharmpal Premchand in Wadi, Narayan Agency, Pranay Traders, Shivam Agency, and Om Traders, all in Itwari area.The BIS enforcement team under the supervision of N P Kawale, director and head of the bureau in city, raided the establishment of Anshees Industries and Sai Teerth Enterprises and seized water jars being packed under highly unhygienic conditions. The one litre bottles seized also carried fake ISI mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16583396", "title": "Three locked houses burgled in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Three locked houses were burgled in Mathura colony apartment of Keshwapur of Hubli on Wednesday night.Prabhugouda Patil, CPI, Keshwapur police station, said three houses in block A, C and D of Mathura colony were burgled by miscreants who entered the houses by breaking the front doors open when the inmates were out of the towns.The owners of the houses were out of the city for their work from the past few months. Police suspect that in two houses, thieves opened almarah and made away with valuables. Owners Rajeev Kumar, Shantabai and Suma were communicated about the incident by police. The actual loss will be assessed after their arrival, police said.Keshwapur police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16580959", "title": "More artificial ponds boost eco-friendly immersions in Mumbai this Ganeshotsav", "text": "MUMBAI: Eco-friendly immersions have increased in the city following the creation of a few more artificial ponds.There are 24 artificial immersions ponds today against 22 and 19 in 2011 and 2010, respectively. The BMC data shows that 13,829 idols were immersed in these ponds in 2011 against 13,866 in 2010. This year, in just seven days, there have already been over 13,823 immersions.There were 7,518 immersions on the one-and-half-day visarjan, 5,515 on the fifth day and 790 idols on the seventh day in these artifical ponds.The BMC borrowed the idea from the neighbouring Thane Municipal Corporation, which started the practice in 2006.Of the 24 immersion ponds, the mayor's bungalow at Shivaji Park, Dadar, seems to be the most preferred spot. A large number devotees also immersed Ganesh idols in ponds at Hanuman Marg in Vile Parle (East), Thakur Village in Kandivali (East), Dahisar Fort Foundation and Swapnagari in Mulund.To make it more lucrative for devotees, all ward offices have been ordered to make arrangements for flowers, rangoli and lighting at the sites. Facilities such as a platform to conduct the last pooja before visarjan and aartis will be offered as well. \"We have offered several facilities at the artificial ponds,\" said mayor Sunil Prabhu. Sand acquired from immersed idols would be used to make bricks, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16581091", "title": "Woman's body found in Greater Noida, kin cry dowry death", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A 23-year old married woman's naked body was found near the railway tracks in Kasna area on Thursday early morning in an alleged case of dowry death. Police said there are multiple injuries on the body. Alleging police inaction, angry villagers blocked the railway tracks in the area for nearly three hours delaying many trains.According to the FIR lodged by the deceased's father, Rajpal Singh, he had married his daughter in February to Narender Singh and had given the couple a car and other gifts. He alleged that though his daughter was six months' pregnant, she was continuously mentally tortured by her husband and in-laws for money and a bigger car.The deceased Renu Singh was asked to return to her maternal home about 10 days ago. On Wednesday evening, Renu received a phone call from Narender who asked her to meet him outside the village. \"When she failed to return till late at night, a search was launched but she could not be found,\" said Fazayalpur village head, Satbeer Bhati.On Thursday, Renu's family got a call around 5.45am that a woman's body was lying naked and brutally battered near Maycha railway crossing. Villagers from Fazayalpur, Chindauli and Shahpur reached the spot and identified Renu.Angry villagers demanding police action then blocked the railway tracks between Ajaibpur and Bodaki stations for nearly three hours delaying several trains. Villagers stopped after SSP Praveen Kumar assured them of action .SP (Rural), Ashok Kumar, said a case of dowry death under Sections 304B and 498A of IPC against Narender, his brother and six unknown people has been registered.The victim's body was handed over to the family after an autopsy. Neighbours warned they would go on a rampage if police do not act soon. They will also meet the DIG (Meerut range) and take up the case with him. Meanwhile, additional forces have been deployed in the area to keep a check on violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16581794", "title": "Cops to probe death of woman, 3 kids in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The Barhi police have started detailed investigation into the death of three children and their mother, Sarita Devi (32), at Barano Alagdiha village of Chalkusha Block under the Barkatha police station of Hazaribag district on Wednesday.Barhi SDPO Binod Kumar Sinha said police were surprised to find that the bodies were cremated even before they were informed by Sarita's father-in-law about the incident. This aroused police's suspicion that the bodies were cremated in a hurry to destroy evidence and suppress information regarding alleged differences Sarita had with her husband Ramdev Yadav and her in-laws.\"Police have registered an FIR on Thursday at the Barkatha police station against Sarita's husband and her in-laws and began investigation of the case,\" the SDPO said. He said so far no arrest had been made in this connection.According to police, Sarita first strangulated all the three children who were in the 3-8 age group. She then tried to jump into a well located at the rear of her in-laws' residence but was saved by villagers who pulled her out of the well before she drowned. However, Sarita broke free from the clutches of the villagers and jumped in front of a running train and was killed on the spot.Villagers then informed the Barkatha police about the incident. However, when the villagers and Sarita's in- laws realized that the police would start interrogating them, most of the male members left the village, said the SDPO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581322", "title": "Mumbai's office space absorption increases with vacancy", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai witnessed the highest office space absorption across cities in India in the past three months, revealed a latest office market report by real estate consultancy Cushman &amp; Wakefield. Total office space absorption was recorded at 22 lakh sq ft, which was an increase of more than 50% over the previous quarter. Chennai recorded the second highest absorption of 13 lakh sq ft, followed by Bangalore and NCR at about 12 lakh sq ft.Absorption in Mumbai was led by the banking and financial services sector, which accounted for approximately 30% of the total space uptake in the past three months. The absorption was majorly in the micro-markets of Bandra-Kurla Complex and Lower Parel on account of availability of ready-for-possession or near-completion office spaces. Most occupiers preferred to evaluate completed or near-completion projects as against under-construction projects.With a total supply of 53 lakh sq ft, supply in the city increased by 117% in the past six months. Of 53 lakh sq ft, 41 lakh sq ft was added in BKC, Lower Parel and western suburban locations of Goregaon and Borivli.The vacancy rate, however, increased from 17% in the previous quarters to 20% on account of large supply infusion that surpassed absorption. Due to this, values have remained under pressure with some micro markets even recording a marginal decline. Prominently the location of Andheri Kurla recorded a decline of approximately 11% in rental values over previous quarter due to high vacancy of over 25% in Grade A supply. CBD district comprising of Nariman Point also saw a marginal 4%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16582795", "title": "SC observation gives PMANE fresh ammo", "text": "MADURAI: The Supreme Court's observation that it would not hesitate to stop commissioning of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project if safety mechanisms were not put in place, has pumped in fresh oxygen to the anti-nuclear protests which are progressing with renewed vigour after the police crackdown.On Thursday, soon after the apex court's observation came, S P Udayakumar addressed protesting villagers informing them about the development as cheers erupted. \"The Supreme Court has reflected the apprehensions of the villagers on the safety of the nuclear plant. We welcome the observation made by the court. The observation gives us the confidence that the court would render the final verdict in tune with the expectations of the people,\" Udayakumar said.People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) also vowed that it would continue the protest until the nuclear plant at Kudankulam was shut down.After a conference on nuclear safety at Idinthakarai, PMANE decided to besiege the secretariat in Chennai on October 29. PMANE said they had planned to mobilise one lakh people to besiege the secretariat. In a meeting that followed the conference, the protesters also decided to besiege the Kudankulam nuclear plant on October 8 on the seaside. Their earlier attempt to besiege the plant failed on September 12 and resulted in police lathicharge.The struggle committee members decided that fishermen shall go fishing from Friday in a bid to mobilise funds for the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581835", "title": "WR gets 26 new 12-car services", "text": "MUMBAI: Suburban train travel on Western Railway has got a boost with the authorities augmenting 26 services of 9-car rakes to 12-cars from September 26.WR will continue to run 60 services with 9-car rakes for a few more months as augmentation of the remaining 5 rakes is yet to be completed.\"A senior WR official said, \"On Wednesday, we were able to introduce two rakes with augmented capacity of 12-car. These augmented rakes are now used for running 26 services. Of these, 8 services run during peak hours, including four in the morning session.\"WR said that the carrying capacity of these 26 services will increase by 33% due to augmentation to 12-car.Prior to the augmentation of these two rakes, WR had 7 nine-car rakes in its fleet.He said. \"The work on the augmentation of remaining nine-car rake is also under progress. We are hopeful of converting the remaining ones before December 2012.\"Before this services were augmented, WR use to run 1,040 services on 12-car. The remaining were 196 nine-car services, including 130 services on harbour line. It also runs fourteen 15-car services out of the total 1,250 services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581632", "title": "Sena may steer clear of Hindutva", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena will lead a morcha to the Maharashtra Housing Area Development Authority (Mhada) head office on October 8 to press for the redevelopment of its 3,701 tenements, populated mostly by Marathis, in Mumbai.Senior Sena leader Subhash Desai will lead the morcha to the agency's headquarters in Bandra. \"We have been urging the Mhada authorities to rebuild its 56 enclaves as the buildings there are in a state of disrepair. Several letters have been written to the Maharashtra government as well. However, our pleas have fallen on deaf ears. We are planning a morcha to wake up the bureaucracy from its stupor,\" said Desai on Thursday.While BJP , the Sena's poll ally, is busy closing in on the \"corrupt\" NCP ministers in the ruling Democratic Front alliance, Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray is said to be preparing a strategy to reclaim the Sena's Marathi constituency by taking up civic and non-Hindutva issues, ahead of the 2014 state assembly and Lok Sabha polls.Thackeray recently geared up the Sena machinery to mobilize public opinion against the BMC's move to bring Shivaji Park under the heritage cover. Uddhav led a morcha too against the civic administration's controversial heritage circular.There are nearly 3,701 MHADA buildings in Mumbai which need urgent re-development, Desai added.Elaborating further, the Sena leader said, The tenants in the MHADA buildings have been living under perpetual threat to their lives and property. The Maharashtra government has been claiming since 2008 that it is aware of the problem. However, neither Mantralay nor MHADA have taken any concrete measures so far in this connection.''While the MHADA wheels move at a snail's pace, the tenants are left high dry,'' Desai pointed out. A Sena delegation held discussions with MHADA vice-chief Satish Gavai on September 17. Gavai assured the Sena delegation that he would organize a special meeting on the issue with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586144", "title": "Hargo back with Taur", "text": "After the worldwide success of his debut album 'Bhangrafornia', featuring the well received song 'Kente Wale Gabaroo', North American producer Hargo Boparai is back with a brand new single 'Taur' in collaboration with producer Arpan. An understudy of Ustad Lal Singh Bhatti, Hargo learned the value of a traditional style of Punjabi music with an equal balance of modern beats. One of the few producers residing in the United States, Hargo has worked with major artists such as Surinder Shinda, Master Saleem, Pappi Gill, and Bakshi Billa. In 2011 Hargo released an original album entitled Bhangrafornia which was in the top 20 on the I-Tunes world charts in the United States. Hargo has established himself a pioneer of the Punjabi music scene in North America, beginning as a deejay, developing into a remixer and eventually maturing into a original producer.Arpan, an electro and dubstep producer also based out of California, began his musical journey as a drummer for a rock band. Living and experiencing many cultures and styles, Arpan was born in Atlanta raised in Boston and India, eventually settling in the Bay Area, California. With influences from artists and bands such as Thrice, Skrillex , Dilllon Francis and Zedd , Arpan is a talented musician that can also play both the drums and the keyboard.This blend of talent has been mixed seamlessly to create a unique sound in the single Taur , a mix of bhangra and house. Releasing on Tigerstyle's Solider Sound Recordings .Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582277", "title": "CID to probe CM's website hacking", "text": "BANGALORE: The government has ordered a Criminal Investigation Department (CID) probe into the hacking of chief minister Jagadish Shettar's personal website.The site was hacked on September 14 by Skywalkers, a group claiming to be from Pakistan. They had posted a quote of former South African president Nelson Mandela and demanded that India free Kashmir.The CID took over the probe after a formal complaint was lodged by the web-designing firm that handles the CM's portal.The hacking comes weeks after police busted a terror module and arrested 14 persons from Hubli and Bangalore with suspected links to Lashkar-e-Taiba and HuJI.\"CID sleuths will check whether there is any link to the terror episode,\" the CM's secretariat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surajkund", "code": "16582497", "title": "Auction only way to ensure fair play: BJP", "text": "SURAJKUND: In the wake of the Supreme Court judgment on allocation of natural resources, BJP said competitive bidding through auction was the only method to ensure fair play as any discretionary quota was likely to open the floodgates of corruption.Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley batted for competitive bidding in allocation of all natural resources -- other than air and water -- for commercial use. \"Water and air cannot be auctioned as they are critical for life support. BJP is clear that a fair criteria should be adopted for allocation of natural resources. Competitive bidding should be the practice in allocating natural resources for commercial use. Discretion without auctions will open the floodgates of corruption,\" he said.Earlier, in response to a presidential reference following the verdict on the 2G spectrum allocation, the Supreme Court said the auction route was not the only method for allocating natural resources. A five-judge apex court bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia said auction could be a better option where the aim was maximization of revenue, but then \"every method other than auction of natural resources cannot be shut down\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16584961", "title": "Proud to say Barfi! is original: Anurag Basu", "text": "Rave reviews not with standing, there have been allegations of plagiarism levelled against Barfi! Not ones to take these lying down, director Anurag Basu and producer UTV have swung into damage control mode. Anurag defended his turf saying,\"It's very difficult to make original cinema and I take a lot of pride in saying Barfi! is original.It baffles me why people are not appreciating the original plot, screenplay, characters and situations. The other films that are contenders for the Oscars are really good films. I am very privileged to be in that group. I paid homage to the films and filmmakers that I grew up watching.Martin Scorcese and Quentin Tarantino have done the same. Does that make them thieves? Great moments of cinema that you've watched through the years, stay with you and come out in your work. It doesn't mean you're copying anyone. Thank God The Artiste was not made by an Indian. If it had been, it would have never been nominated for the Oscar, let alone winning the award.\"UTV on their part have decided to maintain silence over the charges ever since Barfi! was selected as India's entry for the Academy Awards. A close friend of Anurag told TOI \"UTV has decided to completely clamp down on all responses to these charges. Anurag and the film's cast: Ranbir Kapoor , Priyanka Chopra , Ileana D'Cruz and even the supporting actors have been asked not to respond to the charges as that would automatically eliminate Barfi! from the Oscar short-list.Anurag is not denying similarities with films in the past. He has paid homage to Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keatan but hasn'tcopied them. Scenes similar to films that Anurag grew up watching are bound to crop up, just like Martin Scorcese's Hugo had scenes resembling moments from a 1951 British film T he Magic Box and the 1923 silent film Safety Last. The Artiste which last year won the Oscar for best film was accused of being a complete rip-off.\"The friend pointed out that Barfi! has travelled to festivals all over the world and still hasn't been accused of lifting scenes from past films. Besides, Anurag has maintained that Buster Keaton and Charlie Chaplin are his sources of inspiration even before the film's release.Watch: Barfi! scenes are copied or not?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16583533", "title": "Students plant rare medicinal saplings", "text": "MANGALORE: \"Making Mangalore green again and bringing back its lost flora and fauna is our aim,\" said Leeza Rodrigues, marketing manager, JJ Infra. The company as part of its corporate social responsibility activity and on the occasion of silver jubilee celebration of St Joseph's High School, Kankanady took up a programme of planting rare medicinal saplings on the school campus here recently.Addressing students during the eco club programme of the school, Leeza said the aim of the programme is to create awareness and love of nature among students and encourage them to actively take part in the conservation of the rare medicinal herbs.\"Trees are being destroyed to facilitate development. In order to bring back the biodiversity, citizens should plant at least one plant and nurture it,\" she said.JJ Infra has initiated this movement by encouraging students of schools and colleges by educating them about the need of greenery and biodiversity. JJ Infra's aim is to plant one lakh fruit or medicinal trees in Mangalore and restore the natural beauty and biodiversity of the city.\"All project sites of JJ Infra will have medicinal-herbal garden,\" Leeza added. Roshni Monteiro, principal, presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582401", "title": "New metro route a complete revamp of '06 plan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This may surprise those who have been following the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar metro rail project for long. Metro Express Gandhinagar Ahmedabad ( MEGA) has finally dished out a route that will be a complete revamp of the 2006 plan which Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) had drawn for the city. The new route has bypassed Ashram Road and Thaltej completely which is the surprise element.The total length of the metro route will be 76 km and there will be 49 stations on the route. The new route will be 25.35 km more than the first metro rail plan for the city prepared six years ago by DMRC. With the new plan, commuters can take a metro for both the airport in Sardarnagar and the railway station in Kalupur.The second major revamp is that the emerging eastern parts of the city and the northern parts of the city have been included in the new metro map. Places like Chandola lake, Isanpur, Hatkeshwar, Ajit mill, Bapunagar and Memco Sports Complex will now have metro stations. Another surprise package is that Jamalpur and Danilimda too will form part of the destination of the metro rail. Only APMC Vejalpur, Sabarmati, Usmanpura, Paldi and Vadaj happen to be the routes that have been retained as per the old map.In the western city parts, Anjali, Parimal garden, Panjrapol, Vijay Crossroads, Navrang Crossroads, Ranip and AEC circle will be accommodated in the new metro route.\"What needs to be seen is that Paldi, Civil Hospital, Jamalpur, Vadaj, AEC circle and Kasturba Campus will be major transit points for the metro rail. These stations have been incorporated considering passengers' movements. The idea of inclusive development was completely ignored in the old metro plan. The metro route will also be helpful for the workforce for GIFT City in Gandhinagar and important nodal points along the DMRC corridor,\" says a senior official in the urban development department.The new west zone, which has areas close to SG Road, has been ignored for now. Officials say that the population density was not conducive for the plans.It needs mention that in September last year, the state urban development department had withdrawn the freeze on all permissions for construction within the 150-metre on either side of the proposed metro rail corridor. \"As per prevailing development control regulations , if an owner loses land to the corridor he or she will be allotted floor space index as compensation,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16582901", "title": "A month after LPG tanker blast, safety concerns still haunt Chala", "text": "KANNUR: One month after the LPG tanker mishap in Chala, which took 20 lives and injured several others, the local residents are still concerned about their security as the widening of the road and the construction of the new divider there is yet to begin.The distribution of the compensation has also not been completed. Though solatium has been given to families of those killed in the mishap and also to the people whose shops were gutted in the fire, those injured and also those who lost their houses are yet to be compensated, said local residents.\"The government had assured that the road here would be widened immediately and a new divider would be constructed, but nothing seems to be working,\" said K Sukumaran a local resident. As a mark of protest, the residents formed a 'human divider' at Chala on Wednesday, to invite attention of the authorities.Though the authorities had promised to take strict action against the tanker lorries that do not meet the security requirements, the tanker owners were not bothered about it and many tankers ply without meeting the requirements, including the stipulation that there should be two drivers in the tanker lorry, complained the residents.Meanwhile, Edakkad panchayath president K V Ravindran said there was nothing to worry about the road security, and also the distribution of the compensation would be completed soon. \"The authorities have said that road widening work would begin once the investigation into the mishap is completed. The work on the new divider will also be taken up soon,\" he said.For the time being a temporary divider would be built with iron pipes connected by chains replacing the present plastic cones, he added.As far as the delay in the distribution of the compensation to the injured and also those whose houses were damaged, he said the delay was because it was a time consuming process to assess the percentage of the injury and the level of damage to each house, and this would be completed soon.Ravindran also said that the chief minister has promised to release Rs 2 crore more for the victims. \"This apart, Mata Amrithanandamayi Math gave Rs 1lakh each to the families and up to Rs 50,000 to those who injured,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16582315", "title": "Parcel bomb hand-delivered: Sleuths", "text": "HOWRAH: Investigators suspect that the parcel bomb, which exploded in Howrah on Wednesday killing a 40-year-old rights activist and a part-time journalist and injuring her 48-year-old husband, was not sent through a courier company. In all probability, it was hand-delivered by a member of the group involved in the crime. On Thursday, apart from local police and CID officials, experts from state and central forensic laboratories visited the house in Howrah's Baksara, where the blast took place. Central IB sleuths also visited the site.\"It seems that a telephonic trigger was used in the Improvised Explosive Device (IED). This is like the knob that gets suppressed when the telephone is not in use. When the receiver is picked up, the knob moves up and the connection is made. The lid of the container may have worked as the receiver. The moment the lid was pulled open, a connection was made and the blast happened. We have collected samples and further investigations will be carried out,\" said Jitendra Nath Pal, director, state forensic science laboratory, West Bengal.Locals claimed that they noticed Chaitali Santra \u2014 who died in the blast \u2014 behaving abnormally for the last several months. Known to be a domineering character, she had been a member of the CPM's Ganatantrik Mahila Samity and district secretary of the Centre for Protection of Democratic Rights (CPDR). However, she had hardly left her home in the last few months.Investigating agencies are now probing into Chaitali's connections. Officials wonder what kind of enmity she picked up that prompted somebody to create such a sophisticated device to wipe her out. They are also probing her connections with people in other states. After all, she wrote crime articles for a weekly journal based in Delhi. The police are checking Chaitali's bank accounts to find out what kind of money she made.Chaitali's daughter Shatabdi said her mother was worried for the last few months. \"She would say that Pechhone Lok Legey Gechhe. Tora khoob sabdhane thakish. (Somebody is after me. You all be careful). She would also receive threat calls. The police were informed. The calls were traced to Howrah and North 24-Parganas. Some time ago, she had taken a woman's side in a 498A case in the locality. Due to her efforts, the woman's husband and in-laws were put behind the bars. She would also receive calls from somebody claiming to be the woman's husband. She had also written articles on the murder of a youth at Domjur on December 5, 2011,\" she said.Even the maid Madhumita Manna was aware of the threat calls. \"She told me that she may not live much longer and asked me to hand over her diaries to the police and take care of her daughter,\" she said.The police are going through the diaries and have found some telephone numbers and notes. Sources in the police claimed that Chaitali was quite well-connected with a section of the police. Officials are trying to find out whether she misused these contacts. She may also have acted as a source for the police. This could have led to enmity.Howrah police commissioner Ajey Ranade said prima facie investigations point to the use of a substance like Ammonium Nitrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16570340", "title": "'Kamaal Dhamal Malamaal' is a clean movie, says producer", "text": "Amidst the protests by Christian associations against Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal, Shailendra Singh of Percept Picture, the producer of the movie, said that it is a \"clean\" comedy.\"I truly respect the sentiments of all the communities including catholics....I am a god-fearing person. But we have shown the film to the Censor Board and they have approved it without asking us to cut any scenes or giving 'A' certificate,\" Percept Pictures' head honcho Shailendra Singh told .On the other hand Christian associations have sought immediate removal of \"objectionable\" scenes from director Priyadarshan's Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal and demanded special screening of the film before its release tomorrow.\"We have registered our protest against the movie. We demand a special screening of the movie urgently and deletion of objectionable scenes as we feel that a priest is shown in a bad light in the movie,\" Association of Concerned Catholics (AOCC) Secretary Judith Monteiro told .The associations have also demanded resignation of censor board officials who passed the film.\"There has to be some limit the way the community is portrayed on screen as it gives a wrong message to others. We demand the resignation of Censor Board Chief Leela Samson and transfer of Censor Board CEO Pankaja Thakur,\" Monteiro said on the portrayal of the community in the film.In a protest held last evening, around 100 people took out a march starting from St Peter's Church in suburban Bandra to Indian Motion Picture Producers (IMPPA) and Film Makers Combine (FMC) office a few kilometres away.The protest was called by the Association of Concerned Catholics (AOCC), Catholic Secular Forum (CSF), Maharashtra Christian Youth Forum (MCYF), Catholic Residents Organisation for Social Services (CROSS) and Catholics for Preservation of Faith (CPF).Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal is a comedy film starring Nana Patekar , Shreyas Talpade and Nana Patekar. The film is set for a release tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582496", "title": "Bangalore transgender invited for CJI's swearing-in", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a proud moment for Akkai Padmashali, the 29-year-old transgender from Bangalore. On Saturday, she will become the first from her community to attend the swearing-in ceremony of Justice Altamas Kabir as Chief Justice of India at Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi.\"I am very happy,\" said Akkai, unable to conceal her excitement. Justice Kabir's office has invited her for the function.The programme manager of Sangama, the human rights organization which works for the welfare of transgenders, is glad that for the first time the community has been recognized and invited to such a high-profile event.\"Justice Kabir has been very supportive. Hopefully, such initiatives will be carried forward from here,\" said Akkai.Born and raised in Bangalore, Akkai attended school till class X. Thereafter, there was no provision for her to continue studies as she was ostracized from society.In February this year, Akkai participated in an internal governmental high-level commission and millennium development goals meeting organized by UNESCAP in Bangkok. Attended by the likes of the President of Fiji and Thailand deputy prime minister among others, Akkai put forth her views at the forum.\"I voiced my opinion on how transgenders must be given provisions to own a ration card and voter ID card, as well as access to education and housing in the state,\" said Akkai.Akkai is also glad that she happens to be in Karnataka. \"It is such a progressive state,\" she said, referring to the high court's landmark decision to appoint a transgender as an employee.But there is one issue which bothers Akkai. \"In 2010, the state government recognized the gender minority community and said its rights will be protected, but nothing concrete has been done even two years down the line,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16581792", "title": "Whistleblower to take NCP leader to court", "text": "NASHIK: Whistleblower chief engineer of Maharashtra %Engineering Training Academy (META), Vijay Pandhare on Thursday said that he would file a defamation suit against Nationalist Congress spokesperson - Nawab Malik, for branding him mentally abnormal.Speaking to the media on the rhetoric by NCP spokesperson, Pandhare said that his service record and character was good and that the government had promoted him for his works and duties. \"However, Nawab Malik's rhetoric in the media and elsewhere has definitely caused mental anguish and hence I have decided to file a defamation suit against Nawab Malik,\" he said.He questioned how the government promoted him to important positions in the department, if he were mentally abnormal.On the enquiry and inspection of Tarali and Lower Tapi dams, carried out by the state government only after the reports appeared in the media, Pandhare said that it was not possible to conduct technical inspection of the dams within one or two days as it would require at least four weeks of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581825", "title": "BMC night squads check illegal land filling in Malad", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has formed night squads to prevent dumping of debris in eco-sensitive areas like mangroves, creeks and nullahs.The idea is the brainchild of Devendra Jain, assistant commissioner, P(north) ward in Malad-Marve, which comprises a lot of open spaces. Unauthorized dumping of debris on these open plots\u2014most of which belong to the defence ministry and suburban collector\u2014prompted Jain to introduce the concept of night squads in Malad-Marve about two weeks ago. And it has already started showing results. So far, the ward has collected Rs 1.60 lakh from people illegally dumping debris at night.The night squad comprises a sub-engineer from solid waste management department, junior overseer, mukadams, 2-3 nuisance detectors and trucks from the BMC's disaster control cell that prevents land-filling.\"The men come in dumpers and their modus-operandi is to cart debris from various places and fill up mangroves, creeks, nullahs at night. They then construct illegal hutments and sell them off to slumdwellers. It's a kind of land-grabbing. We were receiving complaints from the corporator in Prabhat Samiti,\" said Jain.The debris and rubble is mostly dumped at Mith chowky near the nullah where it touches the Malad creek.\"As our offices are closed during the night, we decided to form night squads. On Tuesday, three vehicles were seized, which had land-filling material. We charge Rs 20,000 as fine for each vehicle. So far, we have seized eight vehicles,\" said JainA civic official said that such unauthorized dumping usually goes unnoticed as it is conducted silently at night.\"Our squad had kept watch at Mith chowky, on the junction of Link Road and Marve Road. On Wednesday night, at Malwani near Charkop naka towards Marve, we caught the offenders as they were in the process of dumping rubble at the spot,\" said Jain.The night squad then filed an FIR against the dumper driver and owner.\"We have written to the Malwani police station to take action against the offenders. We are trying to save eco-sensitive areas from being encroached upon,\" said Jain.The ward has also written to the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) and collector to keep check on such illegal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581496", "title": "20% Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation discounton school trips", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) on Thursday said it will give 20% discount to schools on their excursions.\"If schools approach us we will be happy to provide them a discount of 20%,\" said G B Kedar, senior manager, MTDC, Nagpur. He said they are organizing photography and audio-visual competitions.There will be two groups for the competition, one for students between that age group of eight to fifteen and the second for general number. The photos and videos have to be based on tourist spots of the state.For the first group, the last date of submission of their entries is October 10 while for the second group the submission date is October 18. Both the categories have cash prizes for the winning entries. Further details can be procured from the MTDC office in Civil Lines.MTDC also gave a 10% discount and gifts to tourists who stayed with them on World Tourism Day. This year, their theme is 'Renewable energy to achieve sustainable tourism'. But nothing seems to be planned in that direction though Kedar said that setting up solar energy systems in Tadoba and biogas systems in their other destinations is in the pipeline. MTDC is also set to organize a workshop on cleanliness and hygiene in 24 villages in Nagpur and Amravati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16583366", "title": "Indian Railways to increase freight from October 1", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Railways is all set to increase freight charges levied on goods transported by trains. This will happen in compliance of the provisions contained in Finance Bill 2010 and subsequent notifications issued by the Ministry of Finance. The service tax in case of transportation of goods by rail, which was exempted up to September 30, 2012, would now be applicable on total freight charges with effect from October 1, 2012.The service tax in case of railway travel, which too was exempted up to September 30, will also be levied on the fare of passenger services in AC first class, executive class, AC-2 tier, AC-3 tier, AC chair car, AC economy class and first class.In case of freight, since an abatement of 70% has been permitted on freight for taxable commodities by the Ministry of Finance, the service tax of 12% will be charged on 30% of the total chargeable freight (equivalent to 3.6% on the total freight charges). Education cess of 2% on service tax (equivalent to 0.072% on total freight) and Higher Education cess of 1% on service tax (equivalent to 0.036% on total freight) will also be added. The total service tax implication will be 3.708% on the total freight charges.The Indian Railways, through a press release, informed that certain commodities have been exempted from payment of service tax as per Ministry of Finance notification. The list of such commodities and further details on the modalities of levy and collection of service tax on transportation of goods by rail may be ascertained from Indian Railways' website www.indianrailways.gov.in.The service tax collected by Railways would be deposited with the Ministry of Finance. Finance Departments of Zonal Railways have been instructed for proper accounting and remittance of service tax amount to the government.In case of concessional value tickets or PTO tickets, service charge will be levied on 30% of the total fare actually being paid by the passengers. The service tax will also apply to tickets issued in advance for journeys to commence on or after date of implementation of service tax. In the case of tickets already issued excluding service tax, the service tax on total fare including development charge, superfast surcharge, reservation fee will be recovered either by TTEs in the train or by the booking offices before commencement of the journey by the passengers.The railways have instructed the commercial inspectors to visit all important stations and ensure that service tax is levied on tickets issued as per the revised rates. Commercial officers have also been asked to make surprise checks at the stations and ensure that service charges are levied from date of implementation of service tax.In case of refund of passenger fare, if any, refund of service tax shall be claimed by the passenger from the concerned service tax authority. No refund shall be made by the Railways on this account.For the purpose of claiming refund, chief commercial manager (CCM) office of concerned Zonal Railway shall issue a certificate to passenger detailing the amount of refunds to be signed by an officer authorised by CCM, which shall be countersigned by the Dy Chief Account Officer (DCAO) or officer authorised by them for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581594", "title": "'Drive against illegal buildings to continue'", "text": "PUNE: Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) additional municipal commissioner Anupkumar Yadav, who took temporary charge as municipal commissioner of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) on Thursday, said the drive against unauthorised constructions will continue within the PCMC limits.Yadav will hold the office for two months since the present municipal commissioner, Shrikar Pardeshi, has gone on a two-month leave to attend the 2012 South Asia Regional Program Fellowship. He said, \"The demolition drive started by Pardeshi will continue as per his plans. \" He also said he will focus on improving the urban infrastructure in the city. tnnYadav is an Indian Administrative Services officer of the 2002 batch. He served as the district collector of Wardha for three and half years before joining as additional commissioner of PMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16583474", "title": "Mangalore University sets sights on highest ratings", "text": "MANGALORE: A need for getting itself re-accredited by National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) has goaded 32-year-old Mangalore University to come out with its draft vision-mission statement.Setting its sights of getting re-accredited latest by June 2013, the university authorities here has prepared the statement, which will be circulated to all post-graduate departments for their suggestions.The draft vision has incorporated short, intermediate and long term goals for the university, which hopes to achieve it with help of its staff. The mission lays thrust on achieving quality in higher education, cultivating scientific temperament among students and promoting inclusive policies aimed at reaching out to every single stakeholder benefitting from the university.A six-member committee comprising serving and retired faculty from the university have over the course of the past six months pooled their ideas in preparing the vision-mission document which has been fine tuned by the vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy and his team.Unlike other universities that have appointed consultancy firms for the purpose, it has been a totally in-house effort, saving cost and resources for the university.PS Yadapadithya, registrar, said, it is the singular vision of the VC that saw the process of preparing the vision-mission statement on a fast track.\"We need to address several issues including having necessary physical infrastructure and appointing staff, among others as per the road map expounded in the vision-mission statement,\" he said, adding this effort will only bolster the university's aim to get the highest re-accreditation rating from NAAC.Shivashankara Murthy who apprised the academic council of this initiative of the university at its general meeting on Wednesday said the post-graduate departments have been asked to give their feedback on the draft.\"The mission statement will help support the vision that we have for university's future growth,\" he said adding effort is not merely dictated by any directive from regulators of higher education, but aimed at setting achievable self-goals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16582152", "title": "Trader resists miscreants, shot dead on train", "text": "Malda: A trader was shot dead on the 3160 Dn Jogbani Express by miscreants on Thursday evening when he resisted their attempt to snatch his bag. His body reached Malda station on Thursday night and will be sent for autopsy.The victim, identified as KK Chhagar, 37, was a resident of Birbhum's Rampurhat. He had a software business.Chhagar had gone to Katihar in Bihar on a business tour. On Thursday afternoon, he boarded the S-5 coach of Jognani Express to return to Rampurhat.Eyewitnesses Santosh Kumar Singh and Nawal Kishore said an altercation broke out between the victim and two of his co-passengers. \"They tried to snatch his bag which probably contained money. When he resisted, one of them shot at him and a bullet hit his shoulder. The duo then dragged him to the gate and pumped in three more bullets. They pulled the chain at Lawa station and got off with the bag,\" the said.CPRO of N F Railway S Hajang confirmed that a trader was shot dead. \"Police are probing the matter,\" Hajang said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "16582890", "title": "Zeenat Aman adds oomph to theatre festival", "text": "KEONJHAR: Veteran Bollywood actress Zeenat Aman was the key attraction at the prize distribution ceremony of state-level short play competition and national drama festival held in Keonjhar on Wednesday.Thirteen drama teams from different districts of the state and three national-level drama teams participated in the five-day fest, which concluded on Tuesday. Hindi movie comedian Sunil Pal, Oliwood actor Kuna Tripathy, drama director Manoj Patnaik and music director Bikash Das were present on the occasion, among others.The event was organized by Cassandra cultural center. A Hindi play titled 'Yeh Watan', staged by Jharkhand Sanskrutika Mancha, Jamshedpur, 'Main Subhash Bose Hoon' staged by Society of Art and Culture, Bhopal , and Bengali play 'Mahesh' by Titili of Kolkata proved to be hot favourites at the festival.'Pupa' by Spandan, Rourkela, 'Bahudiba Bela' by Natya Bharati of Sukinda, 'Sindua' by Sree cultural club of Sambalpur, 'Tadant' by Young Bhawani club, Khordha, 'Kalarajiban' by Ame Natua of Rourkela were among other plays staged during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16583363", "title": "Mandal highlights ryots' plight", "text": "BELGAUM: Farmer suicides was the theme at this mandal for the Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations. And it has been a crowd puller despite the gloomy theme. Shivaneri Ganeshotsav Yuvak Mandal of Raghunath Peth in Anagol brought out this painful issue dogging farmers.The 150x12 sq ft mantap, depicted the lifestyle of farmers and tried to show why debt-ridden and drought-hit farmers take the extreme step of committing suicide.At the entrance of the mantap, visitors are greeted by the small hut of a farmer and a cowshed with real cattle. Six loads of soil was used and paddy planted. The process of making the real paddy farm was began around two months ago. Idols of farmers engaged in farming have been installed in the paddy farm. And then there is the farmer hanging from a tree. Lord Ganesha is shown as the last hope of the farmer.The mandal has been trying to create awareness among farmers urging them not to sell off their lands to industrialists. Signboards around the compound highlighted the problems of farmers.Vinayak Gunjatkar, a member of the mandal, says the idea came to them two years ago, but they could execute it only this year. The police department refused permission as the concept would spill on to the road affecting traffic. \"However this time we convinced them and succeed in getting permission,\" he said.Crane facility sought Shri Gajanan Maha Mandal on Thursday urged Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation to provide crane facility on the day of immersion of Sarvajanik Ganapathi idol on September 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582086", "title": "'Help bring our kids back to Goa'", "text": "PANAJI: Parents and relatives of the Indian reserve battalion personnel from Goa who were sent to Manipur for two months duty and training have appealed to the state's chief minister, Manohar Parrikar to help bring them back to Goa.They gathered outside the CM's residence protesting an order that has extended the personnel's stay in the North East by another four months.A parent, speaking to TOI, said \"They have now been told to spend four months with the Assam rifles in Assam. They are upset that their stay has been extended.\"He went on to say that the situation was dangerous in the North East, which has witnessed a number of bomb blasts. Three Goan personnel were injured in one of the blasts and are still in Manipur, he said. He said around 150 personnel are part of the contingent that has been sent to Manipur.\"We demand that they be brought back,\" he said.A brother of one of the personnel sent said \"they had gone on a two-month contract for 50 days of duty and training.\" He further said \"the personnel were paid allowances by the state government but were being made to do work for the central government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581633", "title": "16 tested positive for alcohol at Maya bar: Rural police", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on Thursday said the medical reports of 16 out of 26 people who were arrested at Maya Lounge Bar in Wagholi confirmed the presence of alcohol in their blood samples. Superintendent of police Manoj Lohiya (Pune rural) on Thursday said laboratory reports have confirmed that the amount of alcohol in the 16 people was found to be higher than permissible limits.Lohiya said, \"We will soon be filing chargesheets against the 16 people before a magisterial court. The 10 others will be discharged from the case as per section 151 of the Bombay Police Act.\"The police had arrested 303 people, including 114 women, on September 2. Experts have sent medical reports of 26 people while reports of the others are awaited.The bar is jointly owned by inspector Rajnish Nirmal of the state anti-terrorism squad, Pune unit, and his wife Anjali.On the action to be taken against Rajnish Nirmal, Lohiya said, \"We will not take action against him as the owner cannot be held responsible for the illegal acts of his tenant.\"\"The district government pleader's office, after scrutinizing the documents in the case, has given the opinion that legal responsibility cannot be fixed on the owner if the premises is rented. The responsibility vests with the tenant if he is found indulging in an illegal activity,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581541", "title": "Stage set for immersion", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has made arrangements for the immersion of Ganesha idols on Saturday and readied 17 immersion spots in the city along the river.\"Makeshift immersion tanks have been set up across the city and containers have been put in place to collect nirmalya (floral offerings). The PMC will also appoint life guards and install generators and loudspeakers at the immersion ghats. A total of 130 life guards and fire brigade officers will be present at the ghats,\" a press release issued by the PMC said.Immersion ghats where the PMC has made necessary arrangements include Sangam ghat, Nene/Apte ghat, Vrudheshwar ghat, Omkareshwar ghat, Ashtabhuja temple (Narayan Peth), Pulachi wadi, Bapughat (Narayan Peth), Vitthal mandir (Alka chowk), behind Garware college, Thosarpaga ghat, Dattawadi ghat, Rajarampul ghat, Aundhgaon ghat, Chima Udyan, Yerawada, Bundgarden ghat and Warje-Karvenagar ghat.The fire brigade will deal with fires or drowning incidents. Ropes have been strung along the ghats and in the riverbed to prevent people from falling into the water. Light masts have been put up in the ghats for better visibility. People have been urged not to venture deep into the river in their enthusiasm to immerse the idols.The fire brigade will also help people immerse their idols. A public address system will be used to give safety instructions.SAFETY MEASURESChildren should be kept away from river, canals and tanksAvoid overcrowding the boatsSeek life guards' help to immerse idolsAlert the nearby lifeguard in case of an emergencyDon't go near the riverside, lake, canal or well under the influence of alcoholCare should be taken on slippery surfaces near riversUse immersion tanks constructed by the PMC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16580787", "title": "Government employees stay off work in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: On a call given by Gujarat Rajya Karamchari Sankalan Samiti, most of the employees of government departments, civic bodies, zilla parishads, boards and corporations stayed off work after availing mass casual leaves in Vadodara on Thursday. However, the workforce of revenue and election departments did not participate in the agitation for seeking implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission's recommendations.According to district vice-chairman of the samiti Dinesh Devmurari, nearly 20,000 government employees in Vadodara district struck work and held rallies in their respective office premises after the state government failed to entertain the federation regarding their demands. \"Our federation is the umbrella organization of 182 employees union, so the response was tremendous. Employees manning all essential services like fire brigade and drainage in VMC also joined us,\" he claimed.Meanwhile, election officials said they had received instructions from the head office on Wednesday itself to not approve any CL since the department is neck deep into preparations for the upcoming assembly elections. Revenue department employees revealed that they were asked to stay away from the strike by their seniors who had difference of opinion with other employees federation over some of the demands put before the government.Earlier, agitating employees got together at the district administrative block Kuber Bhawan and raised slogans before marching to various other government offices to gather more support among employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16581734", "title": "Revised RTE norms bring relief to poor kids", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: From the next academic session (2013-14), the 25 per cent of seats reserved for the economically weaker section students under Right to Education (RTE Act, 2009), will remain vacant throughout the session unlike the six months valid period in the current session.Besides, the beneficiaries of the RTE Act will not have to produce the below poverty line (BPL) cards at the time of securing admission forms in schools. Two of these decisions were taken at a meeting between the district education department and unaided private English medium schools on Thursday.The parents seeking admission of their wards in the schools will have to produce the valid BPL card in the school at the time of admission.\"The idea behind keeping the reserved seats vacant throughout the academic session is to ensure admission of the weaker section students anytime,\" said district education superintendent Indu Bhusan Singh alluding to the lack of RTE awareness among the deserving sections of the society.During the meeting, the schools insisted on pursuing random admission of the students at the entry level through a software process called 'Saras'. The education department wanted the schools to continue practicing the existing system of manual lottery.\"About schools preference for software system, we will seek direction from the deputy commissioner,\" said an official in the RTE Cell of the education department.Parents whose annual income is below Rs 72000 are also eligible to opt for the RTE route for admission of their wards.\"We are all here to provide quality education to the children. Therefore, we are ready to go an extra mile and settle for the consensus route to ensure maximum admission to the economically weaker section children,\" said a principal of the missionary run English school. Twenty five principals mostly of unaided private English schools attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16583561", "title": "IT sector is now witnessing sea change: Expert", "text": "MYSORE: Karnataka Science and Technology Academy (Bangalore) director H Honnegowda on Thursday said that IT industry scenario in India is slowing changing due to tough competition from China, Philippines and Taiwan.Of late, other countries are also emerging in the IT sector, posing a challenge to small and medium IT industries in India. \"Economic crisis is also affecting the IT industries. Moreover, the other challenge for them is to look into customer satisfaction by providing new technology at affordable prices,\" the director said, while speaking at the inaugural of three-day PG lecture series on 'Emerging trends in computer science and information technology' at SJCE campus here.During IT boom, its contribution to GDP stood at 1.2% before increasing to 9% in 2011. It is expected to rise to 20% by 2020, he said, and added: \"Bangalore alone has 2,000 IT industries, and their contribution to India's IT exports in 2011 was 40%. The sector has provided direct jobs to nearly eight lakh people in Bangalore, and about 85 lakh in the country.\"After agricultural and industrial revolutions, computer science and IT revolution swept the country. Every minute, the scenario is changing in the sector, and there is a need to discuss what will be the trend in the next 15 years, he added.The director advised the students to take up research work in the field to take the industry to the next level and stay ahead in the global market.On the contrary, there are some issues which are plaguing the sector like no control over intrusion of privacy, dealing with stress, which is major challenge for IT industries, and ethics and culture issue in the e-world which need to be addressed too, Honnegowda said.The lecture programme, organized as part of the golden jubilee year celebrations of SJCE, aims at attracting and encouraging science graduates to pursue studies in various aspects of science and motivate PG students to take up R&D; work. The lecture programme was inaugurated by Kuvempu University former VC Venkataramaiah in the presence of SJCE vice-principal Syed Shakeeb Ur Rehman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581139", "title": "2 girls die in 2 road accidents", "text": "BHOPAL: In two separate road accidents, 2 speeding trucks claimed two girls, a minor and a college student-in Bhopal on Thursday morning.In the first incident that took place close to Barkatullah University, Ankita Gupta 22, a resident of Bagh Mugalia, was heading for college on a two-wheeler in the morning when a speeding truck bearing registration number MP04-GA-3354 ran over her, the police said.Police said the unidentified truck driver abandoned the vehicle and fled, but was later arrested. A case was registered later.The second incident was reported in Khajuri area. Police said 8-year-old- girl Chanchal was crossing the road in the morning when a truck- MP15-HA-0961 heading towards Indore from Bhopal knocked her to death.The victim and another minor girl, Neha was returning after from a grocery shop when the incident took place. The truck has been seized and its driver too has been taken into custody, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16583541", "title": "Mahouts, their children will be trained in yoga", "text": "MYSORE: Given its sobriquet as Yoga City, Mysore is extending yoga training to mahouts and their children who are in the Royal City for Dasara festival accompanying the elephants.Interestingly, doctors have found out that none of the mahouts or their family members are afflicted by diabetes or hypertension, something which is common among urbanites. Yoga is expected to increase their stamina so they can perform high-stress job during Dasara procession, when the jumbos amble along 5km stretch amidst a multitude of people. Like the special care and treatment extended for elephants, the mahouts and kavadis are also getting special attention.As they get acclimatized to Mysore's hustle-bustle like the special guests, the mahouts, kavadis and their children will get to do some yoga. Dr K Nagesh, the deputy director of the department of ayurveda, yoga and naturopathy, unani, siddha and homoeopathy (Ayush), said: \"We've diagnosed mahouts and kavadis and found out that they don't have hypertension or diabetes. Their lifestyle helps them escape the maladies that urbanities suffer from. Yoga will be an add-on to them.\" But for some skin-related problems, their children are also healthy, he added.During the monthlong yoga training, they will be taught asanas like Mayurasana, Bhuganjasana, Ustrasnana, Hamsasana, Bakasana, Kapotasana and Parvatasana. \"All these postures have derived their names from the animals, which will be easy for them to pick up given their association with nature,\" said K Raghavendra R Pai, noted yoga guru who is teaching them the ancient Indian art.\"For Dasara to be successful, it is essential that jumbos maintain their cool. We need mahouts and kavadis to keep them under check. Some of the mahouts and kavadis have orthopedic problems and asanas will help them deal with them better,\" he said. The challenge is to get them daily to do asanas.Not given to sedentary lifestyle, mahouts and kavadis don't require yoga actually. \"But since their children are in Mysore, it is a better way to discipline them early in their life like schooling them,\" officials dealing with them said. Their lifestyle is such that they are naturally healthy. They don't even have hypertension. It is because they are free from stress and don't eat junk food. In forests, they exercise by trekking for miles, they stated, adding that some of them are not keen either.A mahout, who didn't wished to be named, said that they have their regular dose of exercise when they take the jumbos outside the Mysore Palace premises twice a day -- early morning and evening. It is children who are interested, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16581032", "title": "Ganesha mandal installs CCTVs inside pandal", "text": "VADODARA: Scared of police action during Ganpati festival, a Ganesha mandal in the Old City area has installed four closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras inside the pandal. It is the only mandal in the Old City area that has installed so many CCTVs. Organizers of Pitambar Pol Yuvak Mandal (PPYM) located in Fatehpura said they had faced unwarranted police action in the past when riots broke out in the area. So they decided to install CCTVs to produce visual proofs in case trouble occurs on the immersion day.\"Our pandal is located in communally sensitive area and we have witnessed trouble several times. Whenever any fights or riots occur the cops come looking for boys from our area. They are questioned and sometimes held responsible for rioting or violence,\" Abhijeet Kadam of PPYM said.\"This is for the first time that we have installed CCTVs in our pandal. Two CCTVs are in pandal, one is at the gate and one is on the main road outside the pandal. The cameras record everything happening inside and outside our pandal,\" Kadam told TOI. He added that in case of any rioting or trouble during the festival or on immersion day, the PPYM organizers will hand over visual footages to the police.\"We just want to make sure that our young members are not harassed without any reason. Also, having CCTVs helps us to keep eye on mischief-mongers and petty offenders who mingle with the crowd,\" Kadam added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16581047", "title": "Energy from waste helps Sumul cut power bills by 5.14 lakh", "text": "SURAT: Surat Milk Producers Union Limited (SUMUL), south Gujarat's biggest milk producing co-operative, has begun to produce methane gas, the main component of natural gas, from its dairy waste for use as fuel during the manufacturing process for sweet production. This has helped Sumul to save over Rs 5.4 lakh in a year and cut down on air pollution in its plant.Energy and water consumption in any dairy plant is high. Dairy plants also have effluent treatment plants to treat waste water. Sumul too has it. However, what is unique is that it has started to utilize the gas that gets produced in the plant. A gas pressure regulation system (GPRS) distributes the gas to the burners where sweets are made.Dipak Bhatt, assistant manager marketing, Sumal, said, \"There is a lot of fat in a dairy effluent. We put that into the digesters which separates fat from the used water and let it ferment. Fermentation results in release of methane gas which is stored in a balloon. The gas is sent to a tank where it is compressed.\"Other dairies to follow pollution norms in the treatment of used water release the generated gas through flares.Sumul, which procures nine lakh litres of milk from 1100 village mandalis, has an annual turnover of Rs 1,500 crore. It produces about 1500 kgs of sweets on a daily basis.Jayesh Desai, managing director of Sumul, told TOI, \"Self-sufficiency in energy sector is key to success for co-operatives and a way ahead for future. This will help us to supply our products to public at a reasonable rate.\" Peda made from mawa of milk that sells at Rs 300 per kg in the market is sold at Rs 250 per kg by Sumul. This could be done due to reduced cost in production.Ghari too is sold Rs 30 less than others in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16581791", "title": "6 found guily in Bokaro MLA kin murder case", "text": "BOKARO: A Bokaro court on Thursday found six persons guilty in the high profile murder of Ganesh Mahto, the younger brother of Dumri legislator Jagannath Mahto. The court acquitted one of the eight accused in the case. One of the accused is absconding. Delivering the judgment, principal district Judge, Bokaro, G K Choudhary reserved the quantum of punishment to the guilty for Friday. The court was packed with Mahto's supporters when the judgment was delivered.Ganesh, who was the owner of a petrol pump, was shot dead at his Bhandaridah residence under the Chandrapura police station here on August 27, 2009. The incident led to a serious law and order problem with hundreds of residents coming out on the streets to protest against the murder. The JMM had even called a bandh demanding arrest of the culprits.Police, who came under immense political pressure, had cracked the murder case within two weeks of the incident by identifying eight persons, including the victim's close friend and neighbour Krishna Prasad Mahto, for their involvement in the crime. The others who were made accused in the case were Jafar, Madan Turi, Usman Ansari, Safiq Ansari, Khurshid Alam, Murtija Ansari and Mukesh Mahto. Police arrested seven of them, while Mukesh is still absconding.Surender Kumar, the then OC of Chandrapura police station, during investigation of the case found that Krishna had killed Ganesh over a money-related dispute. Of the eight accused, the court acquitted Murtija as there was no satisfactory evidence against him, said special public prosecutor Santnarayan Dey.Krishna is the prime accused, who hatched the conspiracy, and hired Turi, Jafar, Usman and Safiq with help of Khurshid. Ranjit Giri, another special prosecutor in this case, said all the six guilty have been charged with involvement in conspiracy of murder. In addition to this, the court has held Turi guilty of killing Ganesh for personal gain. Dey said he would pray to court to award death sentence to Krishna.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582209", "title": "95% shops in Panaji market illegal, says civic body", "text": "PANAJI: Nearly 95% of the 500 shops in Panaji market are being run illegally. This was disclosed by Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues at the monthly CCP meeting on Thursday. No action has been initiated but CCP will meet at a later date to decide what to do on the issue.Rodrigues said a CCP survey found that the shops are illegal as they are not being run by the original tenants and have changed the trade for which they were initially allotted.Rodrigues said that during the survey it was found that 28 shops had come up in open spaces in the market.Councillor Surendra Furtado wondered how open spaces were permitted to be converted into additional shops.Former mayor Yatin Parekh and Bento Lorena sought sealing of the illegal shops. Lorena said, \"CCP has been deprived of revenue worth Rs 90-95 lakh. Hence, the shops should be sealed.\"Rodrigues explained that CCP had not entered into lease deals with the occupants. He said the opinion of a legal expert would be sought on the issue.Mayor Vaidehi Naik said the market's water and electricity arrears due by CCP had crossed Rs 1 cr and had to be recovered soon. She said there was no revenue coming to CCP from the market.When councillors sought to know when works in the city were going to be taken up, Rodrigues said, \"Panaji should be developed in a complete manner instead of piecemeal development.\"CCP co-opted member Patricia Pinto urged councillors to ensure composting was done in composting stations in their wards.Kabir Makhija sought to know why CCP had recently allowed exhibitions in Campal despite a previous resolution against holding of exhibitions. He was told the exhibition was \"government supported\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16583150", "title": "Coalgate fallout: No doling out mines to private players, Supreme Court says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court, while answering the presidential reference on the 2G judgment, took note of the coalgate scam that stalled Parliament and said whatever be the mode of allocation of natural resources, it can never be a handout for private players.Justice JS Khehar agreed with the majority opinion of the constitution bench on the reference that auction could not be termed as the only constitutionally permissible mode for allocation of natural resources. However, in a separate opinion, he referred to the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act to say the law allowed for the allocation of coal blocks through auction alone.\"For the grant of mining lease in respect of an area containing coal, the provision leaves no room for any doubt that selection would be made through auction by competitive bidding. No process other than auction can therefore be adopted for the grant of coal mining lease,\" Justice Khehar said after a detailed discussion of Section 11A of the MMDR Act.Justice Khehar said natural resources could never be allotted free of cost or at a consideration lower than their actual cost as every bit of natural resource allotted must give back its worth to the country for greater common good of society.He warned that if natural resources were given free of cost or at a price lower than their worth, it would lead to enrichment of a few at the cost of a large section of society. \"That would not be fair or reasonable,\" Justice Khehar said.\"No part of the natural resource can be dissipated as a matter of largesse, charity, donation or endowment, for private exploitation. Each bit of natural resource expended must bring back reciprocal consideration. The consideration may be in the nature of earning revenue or may be to 'best subserve the common good'. It may well be the amalgamation of the two. There cannot be a dissipation of material resources free of cost or at a consideration lower than their actual worth. One set of citizens cannot prosper at the cost of another set of citizens, for that would not be fair or reasonable,\" Justice Khehar said in his separate opinion.Referring to the CAG's stinging report on auction of coal blocks, the judge said, \"One is compelled to take judicial note of the fact that allotment of natural resources is an issue of extensive debate in the country, so much so that the issue of such allocations had recently resulted in a washout of two sessions of Parliament. The report, it is alleged, points out that private and public sector companies had made windfall gains because the process of competitive bidding had not been adopted. The country witnessed similar political spat a little while earlier, based on the allocation of 2G spectrum.\"Justice Khehar added, \"On each occasion, when the issue of allocation of natural resources results in an alleged loss of revenue, it is portrayed as a loss to the nation. The issue then becomes a subject matter of considerable debate at all levels of the Indian polity. Loss of one essentially entails a gain to the other. On each such occasion, loss to the nation translates into the identification of private players as the beneficiaries. If one were to accept the allegations appearing in the media, on account of defects in the disposal mechanism, private parties have been beneficiaries to the tune of lakhs of crores of rupees, just for that reason. In the current debate (coalgate), rival political parties have made allegations against those responsible, which have been repudiated with counter allegations. This court is not, and should never be seen to be, a part of that debate.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583536", "title": "Governor to open PU's 96th Foundation Day function", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU), the seventh oldest university of the country, is all set to celebrate its 96th Foundation Day on a grand scale on October 1. Governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar is likely to inaugurate the celebrations at 11am at Wheeler Senate House.The university will felicitate as many as seven teachers and four non-teaching staff who retired from the university service between 1990 and 1995. Besides, the toppers of undergraduate honours examinations of PU would be awarded gold medals at the function.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said ever since he joined PU, he has been trying his best to ensure its all-round development by upgrading its existing infrastructure and introducing innovative schemes. For the first time, an entrance test was introduced for admission of students to the undergraduate courses and PU happens to be the only university to introduce semester system in all its post-graduation courses. The university is also obtaining feedback from students on the performance of their teachers with a view to improving the teaching-learning process.The UGC schemes for examination reforms are also being implemented in the university. Computerized evaluation of answer-sheets of BSc and BCom (Honours) students and the online display of evaluated answer-sheets have been introduced for the first time, making the entire examination system transparent. Several new courses, including master of journalism and mass communications, bioinformatics and women's studies, have also been started from the current academic session, the VC said.He further said that steps had already been initiated to hold elections to the university students' union as per the recommendations of Lyngdoh Committee. A committee has been constituted to frame the guidelines for conducting the elections on the pattern of Jawaharlal Nehru University and Delhi University , he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16583515", "title": "Bank launches KBL mobile, caller tune", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka Bank Ltd launched a technology based product, KBL Mobile, on Tuesday. The bank also launched its caller tune on the occasion.Mobile banking transactions are those where customers undertake banking transactions by using pre-registered mobile phones with the bank. P Jayarama Bhat, managing director and chief executive officer of the launched the new serviceThe bank has set transaction limits based on risk perceptions and fixed the level of Rs 50,000 per day inclusive of all transactions using high end mobile sets enabled with GPRS/J2ME (encrypted end to end handsets). However, for other mobile handsets, under SMS mobile banking (unencrypted format) the limit is fixed at Rs 5000 per day inclusive of all types of transactions. Safety and convenience is the highlight of KBL Mobile.The bank also launched a melodious caller tune. This is part of a new initiative in the branding exercise of the bank. The bank has adopted the signature tune so that the customers and other stakeholders across India may be ensured a pleasant experience while making calls, the CEO added.P Jairama Hande and Mahabaleshwara Bhat MS, general managers of the bank were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16582056", "title": "Man attacks teen girl, gets 5-day jail", "text": "NASHIK: A Nashik court has remanded a 30 year old to five-day police custody on charges of attempting to murder a 14-year-old girl.On Wednesday, accused Sumit Churchill (30) entered the victim's house and attacked her with a sharp weapon. According to reports, the victim was speaking on phone to some person. Angry with the same, Churchil had beaten her up.The next day Churchill came to the victim's place to apologise to her, but the victim's father told her not to speak to him.Churchill got angry and attacked her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586261", "title": "Nav, Gary and Ruman to come together for 'Glassy'", "text": "After the success of their debut single 'Paar Langah De', Nav, Gary and Ruman, the three superstar musician-producers from Bradford in the UK, bring their own special brand of energy and creativity to their high energy Bhangra fusion tracks. With the vocal talents of Chanranjeet Channi, the new single 'Glassy' is a feel-good party anthem inspired by UDN's desire to unite people through the pumping beats and traditional melodies of Bhangra Punjabi music.Inspired by Hip-Hop rifts and deep baselines as well as retaining the traditional elements of Punjabi music, 'Glassy' is a high-octane tune featuring the musical stylings and producing talents of UDN to create a track that appeals to all generations of Bhangra lovers as well as to newcomers to the genre. Famed for being world-class entertainers with a respected reputation for quality both on the club and party scenes as well as with their fellow music artists, UDN have set a benchmark as industry standard entertainers, who are regularly called on to headline at high-end events, weddings and marquee club nights across the UK and internationally.The trio combine their varied musical skills and backgrounds to form a unique sound and presence within the increasingly popular UK Asian music scene. With Glassy and a host of launch parties and live gigs lined up across the UK, the sky is the limit for UDN and their brand of feel-good Bhangra.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16583325", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation eyes ex-staff to tackle dengue", "text": "HUBLI: Unable to tackle increasing dengue cases with its limited staff, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) has decided to rope in retired employees who worked in health department to control the dengue menace.There has been public outcry over the increasing cases of dengue and failure of the HDMC to educate people effectively on the disease. HDMC has cited inadequate staff in health department for its inability to counsel people on precautionary steps to tackle dengue.HDMC is now eyeing retired staff of health department, including nurses , ANMs, (auxiliary nurse midwife), health supervisors, counsellors, senior health officers, block health educators (BHEs) and others to utilize their experience and knowledge to control the dengue cases.These staff will conduct larvae survey, destroy larvae and create awareness about precautionary measures to be taken to avoid dengue by visiting each house in teams. Of the 70 dengue cases reported in Dharwad district from January to September 25, about 35 cases were from Hubli-Dharwad alone, which is main cause of concern for the civic authority.Sources from HDMC said that at present there are only nine ANMs of HDMC health department involved in field duty to control dengue in Hubli and Dharwad and that the authority requires more ANMs, along with block health educators (BHE), senior and junior health officers, and nurses. \"To overcome the shortage of staff, we are now planning to hire 30 retired health staff, including BHEs, ANMs and health officers. The process of hiring will be completed in the next couple of weeks. They will be hired on a temporary basis,\" P N Biradar, health officer, HDMC, told TOI.An ANM, who is involved in the task of educating people about dengue in the city said that in the absence of senior health officers and BHEs, they were finding it difficult to educate the people effectively about dengue. \"To cover the twin cities, we need additional 10 to 15 ANMs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16585799", "title": "Direction comes first: Shiboprosad", "text": "He began his acting career with theatre, but films happened soon. After having acted in films like Char Adhyay, Dohon, Jamai No. 1, Bariwali, Mukhtodhara et al, Shiboprosad Mukherjee will now be seen playing a pivotal role in Accident, which releases today. Produced by RP Techvision Pvt Ltd, the film also sees Shiboprosad dabbling with direction along with Nandita Roy.So, which comes first \u2014 acting or direction, we asked him. \"Though I started my career as an actor, it is direction that gives me creative satisfaction. So, Shibu as a director comes first. But as far as acting goes, I will only act in my own films,\" smiled Shiboprosad. How difficult is it to direct and act at the same go? \"I have been a director's actor. And this time around, I got help from Didi (Nandita), who made my job easier. When I was in front of the camera, she was the boss and I could concentrate on my acting. There were times when Didi told me, 'Shibu, I didn't like your body language; it'll be better if you try something else'. Even DoP Amit prodded me to try different looks to make a particular scene better. I absolutely had no ego hassle as my ultimate goal was to make a good film,\" he said.Accident sees Shiboprosad as Arko, a promising cricketer with a flair for bowling, till an unfortunate accident, followed by a botched surgery ruined his career prospects. Elaborating on his character, Shiboprosad said, \"Arko hardly speaks in the film. So his every move is significant. A guy who loves sports had to give up the game. Then he loses his son in a fatal road accident. His pain, anger, grief \u2014 everything is communicated through his eyes and body language. Now, that was really tough,\" informed Shiboprosad, who couldn't stop praising Sampurna Lahiri (Riya), who essays his wife's role in the film. \"Sampurna is just brilliant. She plays Riya, a young girl who is supporting her family as her husband is not being able to work anymore. And then she loses her son. Sampurna has portrayed the character so well that the audience is bound to feel for her,\" said Shiboprosad.  Accident tries to convey the message that in every road accident, it is not the pedestrian who is always to be blamed. We ask Kaustuv Ray, the producer of the film whether he thinks road accidents will be lesser after this film releases. He said, \"I'm sure people would be more alert after they see the film. Ei tuku toh asha kortei pari ... rest, time will tell. I have a problem with the casual attitude most of us have towards life. We just can't sit back and take things for granted. We all know that even in future, traffic signals won't work, old busses will still ply on roads, rash driving will be there, but that doesn't mean we will not raise our voice to create awareness among people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582806", "title": "Apply land bill norms retrospectively: Kamal Nath", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministerial panel vetting the land acquisition bill witnessed strong demand on Thursday that it kick in retrospectively. Urban development minister Kamal Nath is reported to have argued that a window for applying the new bill for old cases of acquisition should be retained.If the demand gains traction, it could reopen a significant section of the draft legislation which initially had the retrospective clause but was later dropped on the ground that it would hurt industrialization and urbanization.It was argued that applying new norms of acquisition and R&R; to old land deals could delay the issue, a concern that was raised by industry associations and backed by key sections of the government.The first meeting of the group of ministers headed by Sharad Pawar remained inconclusive but witnessed important demands from commerce minister Anand Sharma and tribal affairs minister Kishore Chandra Deo.Sources said Nath also said that land price in rural areas could not be fixed in the bill since their cost depended on agricultural output. He was learnt to have suggested that gram panchayats could fix the rates every six months.These tricky issues are likely to be taken up in the next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581115", "title": "3 bhopal hospitals get 1,000 dog bite cases every month", "text": "BHOPAL: With almost 1,000 cases of dog bite being reported in three main government hospitals of the state capital every month, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is yet to figure out a plan to reduce the increasing stray dog menace.\"We have at least 300 dog bite cases every month in Hamidia hospital,\" Dr D K Pal, hospital superintendent told TOI. \"Some of these cases are serious,\" he added.Similarly, over 350 cases are registered in JP Hospital each month and the same number of cases are reported in the Bairagarh civil hospital.\"We are trying our best to get rid of stray dogs,\" Pramod Shukla, additional commissioner, BMC told TOI. \"We have formed a committee of four members to suggest the ways and means to reduce the menace. The committee will be submitting its report in a month, based on which we will figure out a plan,\" he added.The committee comprises Mayor-in-Council member Narayan Singh Pal, corporator Meena Yadav, veterinary doctor from the state veterinary hospital K S Tomar, Dr Neena Tripathi and member of Wildlife Welfare Association Neelam Kaur,\" he said.The dog sterilization programme of the BMC seems to have lost have lost steam. Hardly 1 or 2 dogs are sterilized in a month, BMC sources claimed.There is an estimated number of about 50,000 stray dogs in Bhopal. Of 2 dog catching vans, only one is functional. The BMC has a dog catching squad of 4-5 officials, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582819", "title": "Former Navy chief Nirmal Verma named envoy to Canada", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former naval chief Nirmal Verma has been appointed India's new high commissioner to Canada. Verma's appointment was cleared by the President on Thursday after PMO recommended his name.Verma's appointment is interesting because the external affairs ministry had earlier recommended additional secretary Basant Gupta's name for the position. Gupta, who heads the passport and visa division of MEA, is said to be close to foreign minister S M Krishna. He played a key role in implementing Krishna's initiative to open Passport Seva Kendras across the country.PMO, however, rejected his candidature and asked MEA to instead recommend Verma. The foreign ministry had no choice but to recommend the former Navy chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581752", "title": "4 men gang-rape minor for month", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old girl was kidnapped and gang-raped by four men for over a month. One person has been arrested while the other three are on the run.The girl was doing a part-time job for the last few months. On August 20, she was returning home from work in a rickshaw when someone she knew drove up to her and offered her a lift.She agreed and went with him. The man took her to his garage where two of his friends were waiting. The three then raped her.The trio was planning to dump her somewhere far from Dwarka north when the girl called her parents from her cellphone. The accused, however, snatched her cellphone away and smashed it even before she could inform them about her abduction. The men abandoned her and fled the scene, and she somehow made it to a public phone from where she called up a friend named Irfan (28) on his landline.This man came to the spot after a while, but instead of rescuing her he raped her. Not just that: he took her away to an unknown location and forced her to marry him. He kept her confined for over a month, but later left her somewhere in Dwarka north.The girl contacted her parents and reached home. The family informed the cops and a case was lodged. A medical test confirmed rape and Irfan was arrested. The search is on for the other accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581536", "title": "MBA student loses battle for refund", "text": "MUMBAI: The consumer panel dismissed an appeal filed by a Malad MBA student who sought a refund of his first year fees after a management college in Andheri cancelled his admission to the second year.The state commission accepted the institute's stand that he was irregular, repeatedly failed his exams and did not pay his second-year fees on time.The student, Abhishek Shah, had filed the complaint against Chanakya Institute of Management Studies. He had paid Rs 1.60 lakh in 2007. Shah said while he was awaiting his results for the first year, the institute kept asking for the fees of the next academic year. However in a letter sent in July 2008, the admission was cancelled.The institute said that he failed in his exams, did not attend regularly and even arrived late for his exams. It further stated that Shah had assured the director that his performance would improve. However this failed to happen and he did not appear for two papers in the second semester and his attendence was also below the prescribed level.Shah also failed to pay the second year fees before the April 2008 deadline and hence his admission to the second year was cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582906", "title": "Centre hikes AC train fares by 4%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Travelling by train in air-conditioned comfort will get more expensive from October 1 with the finance ministry prevailing upon the railways to levy service tax on AC travel and freight movement. Passenger fares will go up by 3.7% across all AC classes as will freight charges.Service tax at the rate of 12.36% will be levied on auxiliary services provided at stations such as catering and parking.The levy will also apply to tickets bought in advance for journeys after October 1. If the tickets have been issued excluding service tax, the difference will be collected either by TTEs on trains or by booking offices before commencement of the journey.Under pressure from its then ally Trinamool Congress , which held the railways portfolio, the finance ministry under Pranab Mukherjee had deferred the decision to levy service tax for three months. The three-month extension ends on September 30.The decision to impose service tax was taken after a meeting on Wednesday between newly appointed railway minister CP Joshi and finance minister P Chidambaram amid indications that the railways, under the new regime, is set to accelerate its reforms agenda as suggested by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Planning Commission which also included a hike in passenger fares.Next on the menu is expected to be Cabinet's clearance of railways' public private partnership (PPP) models.The move has come after the transporter realized the need to make more investor-friendly policies after measures such as railway infrastructure investment initiative (R3i) and rail connectivity to coal and iron ore mines failed to attract expected private investment.Now, the transporter has proposed that customers setting up sea ports and large mines need efficient railway connectivity for which the provision of first-to-last-mile connectivity should be construed as an integral part of the main project.It was proposed that rail connectivity to ports and mines would be developed by the owner or concessionaire as private railway lines by acquiring land and making investments. \"This would be declared as a non-government railway (NGR) for public carriage of goods,\" it had said.For another PPP model, the transporter said for many doubling/third or fourth line projects which promise quick pay-off, some of these lines could be taken up under competitive bidding for concession periods raging between 15-20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16583364", "title": "Twelve students injured in Kanpur school roof collapse", "text": "KANPUR: Twelve children, including two girls, were injured when the roof of their classroom at SSD Vidyalaya Junior High School, situated in the congested Kahukothi area, collapsed on Thursday morning. An inquiry has been ordered into the incident.Reports said the mishap took place at 11.30 am while classes were underway at the government recognised school, situated close to the busy Birhana Road under the limits of Collectorganj police station.A district official told TOI that nearly 35 primary and junior section students, in the age group of 10-14 years, were appearing for their first terminal exam when a major portion of the roof of their classroom situated on the second storey of the age-old building, collapsed leaving 12 of them injured.While nine of the injured, identified as Ankit Singh, Rajan, Ankit Yadav, Saurabh, Rajendra Dwivedi, Dhruv Kumar, Deepak, Shubham Gupta and Shivam, were taken to the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital for treatment, three others, Goldy, Radha and Komal, were discharged after primary treatment at the KPM Hospital. The condition of Ankit Singh was stated to be critical as he had suffered serious head injuries.This is the fourth such incident reported in the state in the past few days.Senior district and police officials, including ADM (City) Anup Srivastava, who visited the spot, said that \"necessary action would be taken against those found to have neglected the safety of the students\".\"The roof of the SSD Vidyalaya Junior High School, which was in a dilapidated state, collapsed this morning when the children were attending classes, burying them under the debris,\" said the ADM (City) while talking to TOI. \"I have instructed my subordinates to lodge a case in this regard and conduct a probe,\" the ADM added. The school owner will also be questioned, he added.The children were immediately pulled out of the debris by the school staff, locals and the police, he added.Eyewitnesses said that \"the children were taking their exam at around 11.30 am when suddenly the roof of the classroom came down with a loud thud, giving almost no chance to the children to escape\".According to a senior Collectorganj police officer, condition of Ankit Singh was stated to be critical.\"On hearing a loud thud followed by cries for help, local residents and shopkeepers were the first to rush to rescue the children. While most of the children who were buried under the rubble were bleeding profusely and crying in pain, a few others had fainted,\" said Venkat, a local, who rescued several children in the melee. Till the time of arrival of police and firemen, all the injured students with minor injuries were admitted to nearby hospitals while those with serious wounds were taken to the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital by the locals of the area, he added.\"My child was rushed to the hospital by the locals soon after the incident. He is still unconscious and undergoing treatment,\" said kin of Ankit Singh at LLR Hospital.The school, established in 1972, comprised of nearly 102 students and 10 teachers both in primary and junior level. A district official said that \"the building was too old and the ceiling was made of 'khaprail'. It presumably gave way after the recent heavy rain.\"The police are also looking for school manager Krishna Gopal Srivastava and headmistress Manju Lata Sharma, who are reportedly absconding.Amod, father of a seriously injured student, said, \"According to the teachers, the management had not paid any heed to the request of renovating the building despite charging huge amount in the name of tuition fees.\"Interestingly, Basic Education and Child Development Minister Ram Govind Chaudhary had ordered a state-wide inspection of all school buildings soon after the collapse of a ceiling in a private school that killed six students in Bijnore district on July 28.The minister had asked basic education department officers across the state to inspect the buildings of all the aided and recognised schools as well as government junior high schools and submit a report within two months. Chaudhary had also instructed the officials to take immediate steps to repair any dilapidated building. The minister had also ordered for an FIR to be registered against the school authorities in such incidents.Meanwhile, irked over the incident, locals staged a protest and raised slogans against the school authorities. They demanded serious action against the guilty and adequate medical assistance and necessary compensation to the injured children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16582771", "title": "Now, Pottu Suresh on police radar in granite scam", "text": "MADURAI: Pottu Suresh alias Suresh Babu, a close aide of Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri and a DMK executive council member, has also come under the police scanner in the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying scam in Madurai.Police visited his residence on Thursday and conducted a search. Though Pottu Suresh, who was earlier arrested and let off on bail in a land grab case, was not accused in the granite scam, police said that they suspected him to have colluded with Durai Dhayanidhi, one of the accused in the granite scam and son of the Union minister.The police team visited the house of Suresh suspecting that documents pertaining to Olympus Granites, partially owned by Dhayanidhi, could have been hidden there. But the police were told that Suresh was not there. After a brief search in the house, the police returned. \"We did not seize any documents from the house. We returned as Suresh was not available for interrogation,\" said a police officer in the raid team. It is learnt that Suresh was in Chennai.This is the first time that a DMK functionary was directly brought under the scanner of the police in the granite scam after Dhayanidhi. Police said that they are yet to ascertain whether Suresh played a role in the granite scam, but as a close associate of Alagiri, there is suspicion that he might have aided Dhayanidhi in hiding evidences and records pertaining to the scam.Incidentally, Suresh was behind bars at the Palayamkottai central prison during the same period last year charged with a series of land grab cases. The Goondas Act was slapped on him following the allegation. However, the Madras high court quashed the Goondas Act and subsequently he came out on bail. Ever since his release, Suresh maintained a low profile, and was not even seen in DMK functions. Police said that they would, however, interrogate Suresh shortly in connection with the scam.Meanwhile, three more cases were registered against P Palanisamy, owner of PRP Exports accusing him of encroaching two water bodies in Melur and damaging agricultural land. A complainant from Kulithalai in Karur district alleged that PRP Exports had threatened and grabbed his land near Thogamalai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582031", "title": "Choral music concert at Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: Choral Ensemble, Goa, and Music Lovers Society (MLS) will organize a choral music concert at Kala Academy, Panaji , on September 30 at 6.30pm. The programme includes choral music by the Stuti Choral Ensemble, Goa, directed by Miguel Cotta and accompanied on the piano by Ingrid Ann Nazareth and a Baroque Ensemble in string and flute led by Ashley Rego.Discussion on prevention of rabies: The topic chosen for the Friday Balcao discussion event at Liberty Apartments, Feira Alta, Mapusa, is 'Human rabies prevention and animal rabies control in Goa'. The event will be held on September 28 from 4pm to 6pm. Views and suggestions for an action plan should be sent via email to goadesc@gmail.com.Screening of 'America': The Centre for Portuguese Language and Culture of Smt Parvatibai Chowgule College of Arts and Science, Margao, will host the screening of the film 'America' on September 29 at 5pm. It is open to all.Pranic healing: Pranic healing, Goa, will organize a free 'full moon meditation' on September 30, from 3.15pm onwards, at Miramar Residency, Miramar-Panaji. Participants should be above 16 years of age.Workshop on Konkani Orthography in Roman script: Fr Freddy J Da Costa Memorial Trust, Margao, will organize a day-long workshop on 'Konkani orthography in Roman Script' for Konkani writers at the Grace church hall, Margao, on September 30, between 9.30am and 4pm. Necessary stationery and working lunch shall be provided to the participants. No fees will be charged. For details and reservation, contact Fr Manuel Gomes (Ph: 9764706080), Marcos Gonsalves (Ph: 9422441201) or S M Borges (Ph: 9960816598).Seminar for college, university lecturers: The local unit of UCTAG of Fr Agnel college of arts and commerce, Pilar, along with the central UCTAG, will organize a day-long state-level seminar for colleges and university lecturers on the topic 'Duties, rights and privileges of teachers in higher education under Sixth Pay Commission'. The seminar will be held at the college premises on October 6 at 9am. For details and registration contact Shilpa Dessai (Ph: 9822380731), Agnelo Dias (Ph: 9823052823) or Dr Anthony Rodrigues (Ph: 9326109072). The last date for registration is October 3.Course in public speaking: Adv Rudolph Almeida Memorial Trust's institute of communications, Navelim, will conduct a certificate course in public speaking, English communication skills, etiquette training, voice training and culturing, accent training, soft skills and corporate training. For details and registration contact the course director on 2733832 or 94224428711.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16581737", "title": "Maths Baby wins feature event", "text": "On-money favourite Maths Baby from the trainer Jaggy Dhariwal's yard justified the favouritism to win the Chief Minister's Cup, the plum event of the Mysore races on Thursday.Among the professionals, the trainer and jockey combination of Amit Caddya and Valdir Desouda combined effectively to score a double through Royal Prodigy and One Time Magic.Trainer Dhariwal saddled two winners through Zermatt and Maths Baby.1. Bharachukki Plate (Div-II) 1400M: Thunder (Mrs Kaajal Sachanand Makhija, Ashok Lalchand and G R Girish) 55 Sreekanth 1, Absolute Joy 60.5 Suraj 2, Sabala 54 M Nazar 3, Bahman 51 Irvan Singh 4. All Ran. 1l, 7-1/2l, 4l. T: 1:36.07. Tote: Rs 23 (W). 12, 18, 21 (P). Fc: Rs 59. Q: Rs 29. Shp: Rs 51. Trinalla: Rs 204 &amp; 82. Fav: Thunder (Lokanath).2. Bharachukki Plate (Div-I) 1400M: Royal Prodigy (Mrs Sangeetha and Shuja Ahmed) 61.5 V R Desousa 1, Simply Super 61.5 Chouhan 2, Sweet Angel 59.5 Vaibhav 3, Go Green 62.5 Rathod 4. Not Run: One From A Billion. 2-1/4l, 3/4l, 4-1/2l. T: 1:26.33. Tote: Rs 16 (W). 11, 20, 21 (P). Fc: Rs 41. Q: Rs 20. Shp: Rs 49. Trinalla: Rs 108 &amp; 49. Fav: Royal Prodigy (Amit Caddy).3. Mandya Plate (Div-II) 1200M: Signifies (Srinivas Shanker and Yashraj Ramakrishna) 56.5 F F Dasilva 1, Will Still 57.5 Vivek 2, Indian Pride 60 Gnaneshwer 3, Samajdaar 51.5 Mubarak 4. All Ran. 1-3/4l, 2-1/4l, 2-1/2l. T: 1:13.06. Tote: Rs 52 (W). 18, 24, 14 (P). Fc: Rs 230. Q: Rs 126. Shp: Rs 63. Trinalla: Rs 372 &amp; 128. Fav: Indian Pride (R V Manohar).4. Hogenakal Plate 1200M: Swept Away (Haresh N Mehta and Mrs Mayuri H Mehta) 53 Noornabi 1, Sun Device 50 Irvan Singh 2, Ahira 59 Chouhan 3, Real Magic 62.5 Srinath 4. All Ran. 1-1/4l, 1-1/2l, 2-1/2l. T: 1:12.92. Tote: Rs 43 (W). 19, 17, 21 (P). Fc: Rs 266. Q: Rs 160. Shp: Rs 56. Trinalla: Rs 645 &amp; 324. Fav: Swept Away (Pratap Kamath).5. Karapur Plate 1600M: Zematt (Ashraf Salam, Mrs Prabhhjit Dhariwal and Marthand Singh Mahindra) 58.5 F F Dasilva 1, Sensational Mover 58 Sreekanth 2, Velvetine 56.5 Chouhan 3, The Muse 53.5 Anand 4. All Ran. 2-1/4l, 3/4l, Hd. T: 1:38.59. Tote: Rs 37 (W). 15, 15, 17 (P). Fc: Rs 253. Q: Rs 124. Shp: Rs 42. Trinalla: Rs 207 &amp; 151. Exacta: Rs 9,219 &amp; 19,756. Fav: Zermatt (Dhariwal).6. Chief Minister's Cup 1800M: Maths Baby (Arjun Sajnani and Rajesh Sachadev) 50 Chouhan 1, Camorra 58 M Kumar 2, Rising Rainbow 61 Gnaneshwer 3, Elite Land 56 Sreekanth 4. All Ran. 2-1/2l, 1-1/2l, Snk. T: 1:48.83. Tote: Rs 15 (W). 12, 59 (P). Fc: Rs 79. Q: Rs 53. Shp: Rs 102. Trinalla: Rs 275 &amp; 93. Fav: Maths Baby (Dhariwal).7. Hotel RRR Gold Cup 1400M: One Time Magic (Mrs Sangeetha) 57 VR Desousa 1, Nessie 60 Srinath 2, Absolut Grey 52 Chouhan 3, Fortuen Queen 55 Vaibhav 4. All Ran. 2l, 1l, 3-1/4l. T: 1:24.42. Tote: Rs 24 (W). 12, 27, 18 (P). Fc: Rs 103. Q: Rs 115. Shp: Rs 72. Trinalla: Rs 283 &amp; 113. Exacta: Rs 3,394 &amp; 2,603. Fav: One Time Magic (Amit Caddy).8. Mandya Plate (Div-I) 1200M: Gift Of Love (Mahmood Khan and A Ramesh) 53 M Kumar 1, Sweet Timer 60.5 A R Pradeep 2, Sutton Prince 61 F F Dasilva 3, Inspirator 59.5 Vivek 4. All Ran. 3/4l, Lnk, 3/4l. T: 1:13.33. Tote: Rs 1,008 (W). 78, 13, 13 (P). Fc: Rs 7,996 (c/o). Q: Rs 1,188. Shp: Rs 37. Trinalla: Rs 5,939 &amp; 1,388. Fav: Sutton Prince (Mahmood Khan).Jackpot: Rs 31,524. Runner-up: Rs 305. First Mini-Jackpot: Rs 1,395. Treble: Rs 1,347. Second Treble:Rs 2,159.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16583935", "title": "Seminar on quality edu from today", "text": "INDORE: Kasturba Gandhi National Memorial Trust is organizing a two-day national seminar on 'Quality Enhancement in Higher Education through Autonomous Status-A necessity' at Kasturbagram Rural Institute, here from Friday. The seminar is being sponsored by the UGC. Vice-chancellor, DAVV Dr D P Singh will be the chief guest of the occasion.During the inaugural function, principal Kasturbagram Rural Institute, Lata Shrivastava will deliver the welcome address, while the convenor Dr Vandana Gupta will highlight the objectives of the seminar. Principal Lok Bharti Gram Vidyapith, Bhavnagar (Gujarat) Dr Hasmukh Suthar will be the keynote speaker. Special guest will be Dr Rajiv Dixit, DSW, DAVV, Indore. Special lecture would be delivered by Dr Anju Pawan Bhadoria, administration coordinator, DPIP, Bhopal. The chairperson, trustee and secretary of Kasturba Gandhi National Memorial Trust Dr Karunakar Trivedi will also address the gathering.In the second half, guest lectures will be delivered. Dr Umrao Singh Chaudhary, former VC, DAVV will deliver a lecture on 'Role of government, management, staff and student.'On second day, director, Satya Sai Vidya Vihar, Madhav Paranjape will speak on the 'Responsibility and Accountability of Teaching Community,' while Dr Shitla Prasad of Irwing Christian College, Allahabad will speak on 'Autonomy: Role in development of Higher Education.' Dr Meenakshi Mathur, a Home Science professor from Jodhpur will deliver a lecture on 'E-content autonomy in teaching and learning.'In the next session, Dr BK Passi, retired professor and head, School of Education, DAVV will speak on 'Freedom of Curriculum Designing,' while Dr Janak Palta, former director of Bahai Institute for Rural Women will speak on Promotion of Extension Activities and Community Services, and Promotion of Vocational Courses Through Autonomy. While the invited talk would be from Bharat Chapparwal, former VC, DAVV on 'Hurdles in implementing autonomy.' This would be followed by valedictory ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16583639", "title": "We need to be 21st century Buddhists: Dalai Lama", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The 77-year-old Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, has exhorted his followers to be a Buddhist of the 21st century and said that he would prefer building learning centres than monasteries or temples. The noble peace laureate pointed out that Buddhist practice is to use our intelligence to the maximum and transform our emotions. Buddhism is growing as more and more scientists are focusing on the mind in tackling emotions, he said.\"The Tibetan spirit comes from Buddhism which is more than 2500-year-old tradition in which interest is growing. Chinese communism is based on ideas that are barely 200-year-old and whose influence is declining,\" said the Dalai Lama, while interacting with a group of about 102 Vietnamese at his exile seat in McLeodganj on Wednesday.The Dalai Lama said that Buddhism does not talk about a soul, but acknowledges the existence of a self that is designated on the continuity of the mind.\"More and more scientists are showing interest in the mind, in tackling the emotions. In this connection, their interest in what Buddhism has to say is growing. Buddhism describes different levels of mind, the sensory consciousness which depends on the brain, but also a more subtle level of mental consciousness,\" he explained.The spiritual leader added that scientific investigation of this phenomenon has begun.\"We need to be 21st century Buddhists. Buddhist practice is to use our intelligence to the maximum to transform our emotions. For this, knowledge is very important. Western scholars often suggest that Buddhism is not so much a religion, but more a science of the mind. The concept of emptiness of intrinsic existence is also important. When we investigate reality, we cannot find something independently, intrinsically existent. Ignorance, our misconception about reality, is the basis of our destructive emotions. The counter force is reason, taking a scientific approach to correcting our view,\" said Dalai Lama.When asked about current tensions between Vietnam and China over the Paracel and Spratly Islands off both their coasts, the Dalai replied that anger would not help, anger would not affect the Chinese mind. It would be far better to try to influence them by friendly means, \"which is not to say that this can't be done from a position of toughness\". He acknowledged that in 1979 when China sought to teach Vietnam a lesson, they were faced by a tough, battle-hardened Vietnamese army.\"I don't especially favour constructing a monastery or temple, I'd prefer to see an academic centre of learning instead, and somewhere that could be a focus for the study of Buddhist philosophy, Daoism and secular ethics. I recently told people in Ladakh that they should aim to make their monasteries centres of learning,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581847", "title": "Risky spots for kids under watch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alarmed by the recent cases of children being abducted, abused and murdered, police have identified 10 dangerous spots in the city. Beat staff and the crime branch will now focus on these areas to bring down crime against children.The list includes Khajuri Khas in northeast Delhi where two siblings were found murdered on Wednesday. Police are questioning labourers working on Signature Bridge, suspecting the role of a sadist or paedophile as the children's family has not reported enmity with anyone. Uttam Nagar, Nihal Vihar, Ranhola and Nangloi in west Delhi, Badarpur and Sangam Vihar in southeast Delhi, and Samaypur Badli and Mangolpuri in Outer district are also on the list.An officer said, \"Measures like the Pehchan scheme will be prioritized so that we have the records and photographs of slum children aged less than 14 years, as the lack of photographs with their parents hinders investigation. We will involve more NGOs in implementation of our schemes and raise awareness\".Records with the Zonal Integrated Police Network ( ZIPNET) show 277 children have gone missing from Uttam Nagar this year while 60 are missing from Ranhola, 48 from Nihal Vihar, 148 from Sangam Vihar and 145 from Badarpur.Across the city, 8,956 children have gone missing till September this year. Although the website states 9,102 children are missing from the city's 11 districts, adding up district-wise figures brings the sum to 8,956.From Outer district, 1,444 children have been reported missing while 1,191 are missing from Southeast district. Northwest district lost 1,059 and Northeast district 1,167. West district has 984 children missing, Southwest 683, South 736, East 941, Central 351, and North 283, till September this year. New Delhi district comprising areas like Chanakyapuri, Connaught Place and Parliament Street, too, has reported 117 missing children.A police officer, however, said these figures were based on the number of complaints received from the families of missing children and the website did not reflect the number of children traced. He claimed that most lost children are restored to their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581610", "title": "Matka king brother's kin allege frame-up", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Vinod Bhagat, brother of slain matka king Suresh Bhagat, alleged that his arrest in an alleged contract killing case in Gujarat was a frame-up.Vinod was arrested on Monday for allegedly hatching a plot to kill Gujarat-based matka operator Gansham Doliya.Vinod has been framed because he has been pursuing those involved in Suresh's murder, including the latter's estranged wife Jaya Chedda, his family alleged. \"Vinod has even exposed Jaya's illegal stay and meetings in the hospital on the medical grounds. Since past four years Jaya, her son Hitesh alias Chintoo and others arrested in the case have not been able to procure bail,'' said a member of Bhagat family.The family believes Jaya's brother Kiran Chedda who is running matka business from Rajasthan is behind it.Police have also arrested three accused identified as Ramvir Sharma, Sukvinder Gujar and Bashir Bhagani alias Mama from Thatlej area in Ahmedabad who claimed Vinod's involvement in the case. Cops refused to comment on the allegations. Police prepared the FIR after Vinod's arrest, his family said. Ahmedabad joint commissioner of police (Crime) A Sharma confirmed the arrest but refused to comment on the family's allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582688", "title": "Actors, directors to organize charity match in Sharjah", "text": "KOCHI: Mollywood actors will take on the directors on December 1 on a different wicket. They will take part in a cricket match at Sharjah on December 1 to raise funds for the Karunya Benevolent Fund introduced by the state government.KPL brand ambassador Suresh Gopi will hand over a cheque to chief minister Oommen Chandy after the celebrity match on December 1, sources said.The actors' 11 will take on the directors' 11 led by M A Nishad.The benefit match is being organized as part of Kerala Premier League (KPL) that will be held in Dubai. \"We won't charge any remuneration. The organizers of KPL will allot Rs 10 lakh for the fund,'' said Nishad.Besides Nishad, the director's team includes Diphan (vice-captain), Shaji Kailas, Johny Antony, Arun Kumar Aravind, Lijo Pallissery, Saji Surendran, Mamas, Sohan Seenulal, Vinod Vijayan, Deepu Karunakaran, Akku Akber, Sujith and Shaji Aziz has already been selected. \"The final eleven will be declared on the eve of the match,\" said Nishad.\"As our players are training for the Celebrity Cricket League next year, they don't need special practice sessions. We will complete the selection of the actors' team within a couple of days,\" said team coach Pankaj Chandrasenan.The actors' team is likely to have more youngsters. It is learnt that senior actors have decided to skip the match as they are busy with their acting schedules.KPL feature 12 teams that will battle for the championship. The match between actors and directors will take place before the KPL finals on December 2.KPL brand ambassador Suresh Gopi will hand over a cheque to chief minister Oommen Chandy after the celebrity match on December 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16583378", "title": "Tongawallas take to the streets", "text": "BIJAPUR: More than eight dozen tonga (horse cart) owners held a protest rally on the main streets of the city on Thursday on the eve of 'World Tourism day' urging the government to protect historical monuments and provide basic facilities to visitors.The rally began from the premises of historical monument Gol Gumbaz and culminated at the deputy commissioner's office. In a memorandum submitted to the DC, members of the Karnataka State Development Forum, who led the protest rally, urged the administration to fulfill their demands to promote tourism in the district.They sought to bring to the notice of the officials various issues and questioned the contributions of the tourism department for the development of tourism spots in the area, steps taken by the administration to protect historical monuments and tonga culture. They demanded the authorities keep separate budget for the development of tonga %culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16582513", "title": "Delhi cops book notorious robber", "text": "MOHALI: Delhi police have registered an FIR against Talwinder Singh, alias Dimpel, on the complaint of Neeraj Sharma, 28, a resident of Chandigarh's Sector 11 who was drugged and looted of Rs 4.65 lakh on August 27.The FIR was registered at Rohini police station on Tuesday. Talwinder, who was found involved in 26 cases of drugging and robbery, was arrested by Mohali police on September 17. At present, he is in judicial custody.It was found during investigation that Talwinder had procured a SIM card on a fake Delhi address. And through it, he contacted people who fell in his advertisement trap.Neeraj had contacted Talwinder after reading an advertisement which said a help was required in Canada. In his complaint, he said the accused had introduced himself as Ritesh and told him to credit Rs 6 lakh in his account. The accused had asked Neeraj to meet him in Ambala on August 27.When Talwinder, along with a woman, met Neeraj in Ambala, he gave him an intoxicant-laced coffee. Then, a semi-conscious Neeraj was taken to a bank in Rohini and Rs 4.65 lakh were withdrawn from his account.Neeraj has identified Talwinder and has recorded his statement with the district crime branch.Neeraj had to struggle for over a month to get an FIR registered, as his complaint was caught in jurisdiction row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16585779", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar first time chooses her favourite songs", "text": "Moving away from her diplomatic stand on personal favourites, The Nightingale for the first time selects her favourite songs...1. Bedard tere dard ko seene se lagake from the film Padmini , Ae dilruba from the film Rustom Sohrab and Kali laki raat re dil bada sataaye from the film Saiyya composed by Sajjad Hussain.2. Seene mein sulagte hain armaan from the film Tarana and Wohdin kahan gaye bataa from Tarana , composed by Anil Biswas.3. Sajan ki galiyan chhod chalen from the film Bazaar composed by Shyam Sunder.4. Uthaye ja unka sitam from Andaz, Jaane wale se mulaqat from Amar and Pyar kiya to darna kya from Mughal-e-Azam , composed by Naushad5. Lag ja gale se from the film Woh Kaun Thi and Woh chup rahen to mere dil ke daag jalte hain from Jahan Ara composed by Madan Mohan.6. Piya bina piya bina from Abhimaan and Rulake gaya sapna mera from Jewel Thief composed by S D Burman.7. O beqaraar dil from the film Kohra and Kahin deep jale kahin dil from Bees Saal Baad composed by Hemant Kumar.8. Ae dil-e-naadan from Razia Sultan and Apne aap raaton mein chilmanein sarakti hain from Shankar Hussain composed by Khayyam.9. Radha na bole from Azad and Shola jo bhadke from Albela composed by C Ramachandra.10. Ae ri jaane na doongi from Chitralekha and Duniya kare sawaal from Bahu Begum composed by Roshan.11. O sajna barkha bahaar and Mila hai kisika jhumka from Parakh composed by Salil Chowdhary.12. Allah tero naam from Hum Dono and Tu chanda main chandni from Reshma Aur Shera composed by Jaidev.13. Chandan sa badan from Saraswatichandra composed by Kalyanji-Anandji.14. Sayonara from Love In Tokyo and Ajee rooth kar ab kahan jayeyegi from Arzoo composed by Shankar-Jaikishan.15. Chalo sajna jahan tak ghat chale and Allah yeh adaa from Mere Humdum Mere Dost and Patta patta boota boota from Ek Nazar composed by Laxmikant-Pyarelal.16. Bahon mein chale aao from Anamika , Na ja mere humdum from Pyar Ka Mausam and Dilbar dil se pyare from Caravan composed by R D Burman.17. Yeh raatein nayi purani from Julie composed by Rajesh Roshan.18. Lukka chuppi from Rang De Basanti composed by A R Rahman.19. All the songs from the album Chala Wahi Des .20. Sunioji araj from the film Lekin composed by my brother Hridaynath Mangeshkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582730", "title": "Tecom-KSEB row: District collector to submit report today", "text": "KOCHI: District collector P I Sheikh Pareeth, who partially approved SmartCity's claim for alternative land on Thursday, will submit his report on the Tecom-KSEB row to the state government on Friday.The government is expected to take a final decision on the issue on the basis of the district collector's suggestion.The committee constituted by the district collector, to resolve the dispute over KSEB drawing its transmission lines through SmartCity's land, had recommended that the IT project should be 'adequately compensated'.But sources said the collector did not fully agree with the recommendation and he might give some land as compensation.KSEB drew its transmission lines through SmartCity land a year ago following which Tecom asked KSEB to stop the process immediately.KSEB authorities then adopted a stand that the work cannot be stopped as there was no alternative. Then the state government directed the district collector to look into the issue and he constituted a committee comprising the representatives of SmartCity, KSEB, revenue department and an expert from model engineering college. The committee explored all possibilities, including the demand put forward by the SmartCity.KSEB told the panel that a 220 metre-long stretch with a width of 35 metres will be affected if the board went ahead with its transmission line project.According to KSEB provisions, the board can compensate only for the trees that will be felled for the purpose. KSEB officials informed the committee that there are no provision to provide compensation for the land that will be affected by the project.But, SmartCity officials argued that the affected area's width would be 50 metres and the total land lost would be around 1.03 acres. They demanded alternative land. Then the committee arrived at the conclusion that SmartCity should be compensated adequately.Pareeth, who went through the report, suggested that SmartCity can use the affected land for parking lots and other facilities, and its claim for additional land, can't be justified, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16585989", "title": "Man U has got its eyes on India", "text": "The coaches of the English club who were in the city recently to train and short list young players from India spoke about their plans to BT.Kevin O Connell\"It's been a pleasure to work with the Indian boys,\" says Kevin O' Connell, the head coach of Manchester United who was in the city recently with his team to shortlist some players from India to train at Man U for a week. Kevin was pleased with the talent that he got to see here and says, \"It will be a great experience for boys not only to get a chance and come and train but also because of the exposure to the Man U style of playing.\" Kevin feels that the exposure will also add to the knowledge and information of the young talents.Talking about the entire process, which involved scouting for talent in India from 16 cities, Kevin said, \"It all came together because of the communication of the parties involved.\"He goes on to add, \"It is a great life experience for the boys who have participated and been shortlisted for the training.\" The local coaches have also been of great help for the club in the trials for they played a key role in translation and also identifying key talent.\"The training had a lot of boys from different part of India participating, so it also helped them develop their characters within a social aspect,\" says Kevin who found that the participants were quite conscious of their individual selves and adds, \"There has been a lot of learning.\"Kevin is aware of the popularity that cricket commands in this country and says, \"But football is a growing sport. And any kind of publicity is only going to add to the education and learning of the game here. I have seen that football is popular with the young here and they watch a lot of football and know and learn from the international players.\"Having been associated with one of the most respected football clubs in the world, Kevin knows what keeps it going. He says, \"Man U has got so many different players playing for it who belong to different countries and have different cultures but what keeps them all at top is the communication. They work hard and play together.\"His experience this time around in India definitely makes Kevin look forward to coming back in the future, meanwhile he leaves with a message, \"Practice is the key to improve and excel in the game.\"Mick BennettMick Bennett, another of the coaches who was actively involved in the five-day training that took place in Bangalore for the 48 players from all over India also happens to run the Manchester United Soccer School in Mumbai which has been operational for eight months now.Talking about it, Mick says, \"We have been in the city for about eight months only and already have 800 students training with us, such is the popularity of the game. The school has training programmes for different age groups and we training students up 18.\" The school had got three full time local coaches apart from a few from Man U.\"We plan to not only train young talent but also develop coaches in India,\" informs Mick and adds, \"The plan is to have training schools in different parts of India, not only Mumbai.\"In a country which is passionate about cricket is also seeing an increase in passion towards football and the school aims to fuel that passion. \"There is a stadium being built which we hope will be completed by November this year and we will be training the boys there,\" says Mick whose goal is long term when it comes to training Indian players in the Man U style of soccer.\"Right now the school is 'pay and play' but we are looking to go to slums and getting talents from there too as they have no opportunities but have great talent. There will be a scholarship programme and we are talking about it wherein the students will be sponsored but apart from that, it is interesting to see that we have received a terrific response the parents of the existing students too who are willing to support and sponsor the kids who will not be able to pay,\" says Mick.But that is not all, Mick says that the school also has plans to start an academy for girls. \"There is a great demand for girls' football too in India we have noticed and it will be the best chance for them to train in the academy,\" signs off Mick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16583919", "title": "Protests intensify as police fail to trace kidnapped girl", "text": "FARIDKOT: Three days after a minor girl was kidnapped in broad daylight by a seven-member armed gang from her home here, police are still groping in the dark for clues, triggering a wave of protests from students, traders and NGOs.Members of different social organizations, NGOs and students on Thursday sat on a dharna in front of the police station here and demanded immediate arrest of the main accused Nishan Singh, 20, and his accomplices. They have called for a bandh on Friday as a protest against police inaction.College students in the city have also joined the protests. On Thursday morning, people from different walks of life joined a protest march organised by an action committee, formed to seek justice for the victim's family. The protesters also held a candle-light march in the city.\"Some prominent NGOs like National Youth Club, Sewa Bharti and Swarnkar Mandal Organization, Shoe Makers' Association and Arhtiya Association have joined the protest,\" said Tarun Grover, member of the action committee.Meanwhile, police had announced a reward of Rs 1 lakh for giving any information about Nishan Singh's whereabouts. \"We are pursuing the case professionally. We have got some clues and raids are being conducted,\" said Faridkot SSP Gurinder Singh Dhillon.The 15-year-old girl, a class X student of a convent school in Faridkot, was abducted from Dogar Basti area. It was the second time that a girl was kidnapped by the same gang. According to police, Nishan, a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends, armed with guns and iron rods, barged into the girl's house on Monday afternoon and assaulted her parents and sister before fleeing with her. Her father, a businessman, and mother, an LIC employee, are still in hospital.Eyewitnesses said Nishan carried the girl on his shoulders for about 200 metres before dumping her in his car and fled. He fired two rounds in the air and threatened residents of the area before escaping.On March 25, 2012, he had kidnapped another girl from the area. Following a complaint, police had registered a case and the victim was traced from a house at Kharar in Mohali on August 10. After medical examination, police had slapped rape charges on Nishan. However, he had given police a slip and was absconding since then, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583690", "title": "Bihar boy gets CSIR award", "text": "PATNA: A Bihari boy, Sanat Anand, 16, a Class IX student of Welham Boys' School, Dehradun, was honoured with the prestigious CSIR Innovation Award for School Children-2011 for his model 'Standalone GPS System' in New Delhi on Wednesday.Sanat's innovation is to remove external dependence from the navigation system, i.e. GPS satellite. His system is based on a more permanent entity, the Earth. It does not require any input from any external medium or device and provides good navigation in even geographically remote areas, shadows, in dense forests and in the sea also. Not only that, while his device could neither be traced nor jammed, it does not require high economic and technological inputs from satellites. Sanat's device uses only rotation of the Earth and magnetic field of the Earth for its operation.Sanat, the son of senior CISF commandant SK Mohanka posted in Mumbai, was born at Supaul and started his education from St Dominic Savio High School, Patna. He also studied at DAV School, Begusarai, when his father was posted there. Despite changing school six times due to frequent transfer of his father, he maintained academic excellence and got the NCERT's National Talent Search Examination scholarship. He has keen interest in the mysteries of physics and enjoys solving the riddles of mathematics.On the basis of his invention, a leading school of the US, The Wasatch Academy, had interviewed him at Dehradun and offered him admission to science stream in class XI. The academy has also offered full scholarship, which includes tuition and boarding charges to the tune of $48,000 per annum.Meanwhile, 11 young scientists were awarded Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize-2012, India's premier awards in the field of science and technology, at a function held in New Delhi on Wednesday, which was presided over by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who is also the chairman of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16583873", "title": "I was forced to speak given lines: Eyewitness", "text": "INDORE: In a new twist to the IPS officer Narendra Kumar murder case, prime eyewitness Dilip Shivhare, a transporter, submitted in the special CBI court during the trial on Thursday that he was not present on the spot when the incident happened. He stated that the state police pressurized him to give statement as an eyewitness.Shivhare, who the CBI listed as eyewitness, was in the court on Thursday to give his statement. Shivhare said around 10 to 12 criminal cases are registered against him in Barmore police station, which was under the jurisdiction of IPS officer Narendra Kumar, who was allegedly killed on March 8 this year.\"Thana in charge CBS Raghuvanshi threatened me to give statement as eyewitness or, else I would be externed,\" Shivhare said in the court, adding that his statement which was recorded under the Section 164 of CrPc before the magistrate was nothing but the police 'version'.Shivhare broke down during the hearing and submitted that TI Raghuvanshi called him to the police station on the day of incident and asked him to become the eyewitness and rehearse the police version as told to him.Advocate Mahendra Morya, lawyer of accused Manoj Gujjar said statement of Shivhare exposed the flawed investigation being carried out by the CBI and raised question over the functioning of Raghuvanshi.\"Police and CBI are falsely implicating Gujjar,\" said advocate Morya, adding that IPS officer was run over by some unknown tractor and MP police have fabricated charges against him as a cover up bid. Morya said on Wednesday there was vagueness in statement of four eyewitnesses recorded and now one eyewitness claimed that he was not present on the spot. This exposed the lackadaisical way the CBI carried out the investigation in the case.Dr Jainarayan Soni, one of the doctors who had conducted post-mortem of IPS officer, also recorded his statement in the court. Dr Soni said around 13 to 17 marks of wounds with a mark of tractor tyre were found on the body of the police officer. He also submitted a DVD of the post-mortem to the court. When the doctor was cross-examined about recording the post-mortem, he said the DVD was prepared on the instructions of the MP police. The next hearing of the case is scheduled on October 9 and 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16581731", "title": "NIFFT students' concept car heading to Indore", "text": "RANCHI: After the selection of the BIT Mesra engineers for the World Students Formula Car Race in 2007, its now turn of budding engineers of the National Institute of Foundry and Forge Technology (NIFFT), Ranchi to make it big through the Baja SAE-2013.The annual event organized by Society of Automobile Engineers (SAE) invites inter-collegiate students with their design and model of small cars which then undergoes dynamic tests to prove their mettle. Teams of students from universities all over the country design and build small off-road cars. The concept and design presented by team \"Roadies\" of NIFFT contested against 260 similar models from different universities of the country at Bangalore to be selected for the India-level championships scheduled to be held in Indore in February 2013.The NIFFT car model is one among the two selected from Jharkhand -- the other being that of BIT Mesra. A total of 120 models have been selected at the country-level contest. The national competition would adjudge five models of car based on different capabilities and selected for the World-round organized by SAE. All cars will all have engines of the same specifications. In 2009, the engine was an unmodified Briggs &amp; Stratton Intek 20 Single Cylinder with a displacement of 300cc and power output of approximately 10 bhp (7.5 KW).SAE-NIFFT general secretary Utsav Mahto said engineering capabilities were put to test in coming up with a design that performed best with the same engine capacity. \"Provided we were given choice of engine, the competition would have been on unlevelled ground,\" he said. While NIFFT students are known to learn casting, moulding and forgings their venture into the world of automobile engineering, Mahato said they were taught about the internal mechanism of engines and their casts. \"We know the finer details of automobile engineering because we are taught proper usage of material and design for casting the engines to improve their efficiency,\" he said while agreeing that this is the first occasion that NIFFT students are participating in the SAE event.The 21-member team has estimated that it would need to spend Rs 4.5 lakh on their car and the exercise for raising the funds for the purpose are already under way. The team has contacted alumni for the financial support. The students also plan to approach some of the big ticket local industrial houses for support. \"We'll concentrate on hill-climbing mechanism of the car which is one among the five categories in which the cars will be tested on track,\" Mahto said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16582850", "title": "Amritanandamayi\u2019s 59th birth day celebrated", "text": "KOLLAM: \"The world today lacks mutual respect, which is a big threat to our society,\" said Mata Amritanadamayi. She was addressing the huge congregation of devotees gathered at the Amrita University Campus at Vallikavu to celebrate her 59th birthday.\"The result is that we treat ourselves as well as nature with complete disrespect. We have lost 40% of our natural resources. Rest of the 60% is also endangered. Each and every thing in this world has its own value and we realize its value only when we lose it. There should no be disparities in this world. Love each and every thing in the same way. We exploit the nature beyond limits. This will lead to huge natural calamities,\" she said.A slew of social service initiatives, including 200 free heart surgeries and 50 kidney transplants to be conducted at Amrita hospital in Kochi, was launched as part of the celebration. Chattisgarh Governor Shekhar Dutt inaugurated the programmes. Rajya Sabha deputy chairman P J Kurein presented this year's Amritakeerti Puraskar to writer C Radhakrishnan, for his contributions to the culture and literature of the state.Union ministers K C Venugopal, K V Thomas and state ministers K M Mani, PJ Joseph and Aryadan Mohammed were among the dignitaries who took part in the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "16582868", "title": "Activists stall Suktel work", "text": "BALANGIR: Activists of Budi Anchal Sangrami Parishad (BASP), an outfit which has been opposing the proposed lower Suktel irrigation project, stalled the construction work of spillway at Magurbeda village in Balangir district on Thursday after officials and construction engineers reached the site.The state government had given September 27 deadline to start the work following prolonged agitation staged by pro-lower Suktel activists. Officials with three platoons of police force went to the site to start work according to plan but when the chief construction engineer R C Padhi began puja to start the work, the activists stalled it.\"The outfit members raised slogans and didn't allow workers to begin work. The work has been stopped temporarily. We will wait for further orders from the government in this regard to start work,\" said additional district magistrate S Minz. There were only three platoons of police force as against a requirement of at least 10 platoons of force to contain the mob, he said.Most people opposing the project are those displaced by it. \"We have been opposing the project since the beginning. We don't want such a project at the cost of massive displacement. There are other alternatives for irrigation,\" said Pabitra Mohan Gadtia, a BASP member.Lower Suktel action committee, which has been spearheading a movement to expedite the project work, had earlier called a Balangir bandh followed by a hunger strike in protest against delay in starting the work. Coming under pressure, the state government sent Orissa Construction Corporation officials, who visited the area and announced the September 27 deadline to start spillway work. The spill construction will cost around 140.74 crore. Balangir, which has only 3% irrigated lands, is believed to be greatly benefitted if the Suktel project is completed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581513", "title": "Notice to Centre on motormen PIL", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Thursday issued a notice to the Union government while hearing a PIL seeking better working conditions for motormen.The PIL filed in 2010, when motormen struck work, came up for hearing for the first time on Thursday.The petition has urged, among others, deployment of an extra motorman, guard per local train, weekly offs and AC cabins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16581418", "title": "Don't alienate assets, DRT orders DCHL", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) in Hyderabad on Thursday directed Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) not to alienate its assets to third parties until further orders. K Sai Mohan, presiding officer, passed this interim order while hearing a plea by Infrastructure Development Finance Company (IDFC Ltd) which raised several apprehensions about the state of affairs within DCHL and wanted the tribunal to protect its interests on the grounds that the latter has not returned the Rs 106 crore it had taken as loan.IDFC had identified a list of properties (both land and buildings) the DCHL has in various places like Hyderabad, Warangal, Vijayawada and Vizag along with the shares of the company and shown them in a separate schedule in its petition before the DRT. The current restraint order passed by DRT on Thursday spoke about these scheduled properties and directed the DCHL not to sell them until further orders. It may be recalled that, earlier, IDFC Ltd had moved a separate petition against T Venkattram Reddy, Vinayak Ravi Reddy and PK Iyer, the three directors of DCHL, and got a restraint order preventing them from individually selling the assets held in their names. Thursday's interim order by the tribunal was based on a second petition filed by IDFC Ltd against DCHL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "16581814", "title": "Prerna Bhambri in Gulbarga Open semifinals", "text": "GULBARGA: Delhi girl Prerna Bhambri moved into the semifinals of the $10,000 ITF Gulbarga Open Women's futures tennis championship after British second seed Emily Webley-Smith conceded the tie due to an injury as Chinese girls dominated proceedings on Thursday.Webley-Smith lost the first set 5-7 and fought back in the second to lead 2-1 when disaster struck. The Brit took a tumble while attempting a shot from the baseline, twisting her ankle in the process. Writhing in pain, Emily sought a medical timeout and returned to action a few minutes later. However, the injury affected her movement and was forced to throw in the towel. Meanwhile, veteran Rushmi Chakravarthi's campaign ended when she lost tamely to Chinese girl Nan Nan Zhang at 6-7 (2-7), 0-6 in a centre court battle.Another Chinese girl, fourth-seeded Zi Yang entered the semifinal with 6-1, 6-0 victory over wild card entrant Vaishnavi Peddi Reddy. The hard-hitting Ukranian teenager Oleksandra Korashivilli then provided a scare to top seed Wang Yau Venise Chan before things went wrong for her.Chan quelled the challenge of the 16-year-old 2-6, 7-6 (7-0), 7-6 (7-3) to set up a semifinal clash with Yang. Prerna meets Zhang in Friday's other semifinal.Results (quarterfinals; prefix denotes seeding; Indians unless specified):Prerna Bhambri bt 2-Emily Webely-Smith (GBR) 7-5, 2-1 retd.; Nan Nan Zhang (Chn) bt Rushmi Chakravarthi 7-6 (7-2), 6-0; 4-Zi Yang (Chn) bt Vaishnavi Peddi Reddy 6-1, 6-0; 1-Wang Yau Venise Chan (HK) bt Oleksandra Korashivilli (Ukr) 2-6, 7-6 (7-0), 7-6 (7-3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16585505", "title": "A sufi night at Virgose, The HHI", "text": "The magic of Sufi music ruled the house at Virgose, The HHI, on a Saturday night.Soft, sonorous numbers, gently building up to a crescendo, were performed to perfection by the band Wagah Border. We spotted friends Parjana and Hira having a blast at the nightclub.As the evening progressed, the Sufi numbers created a mesmerizing ambience. For the party goers, it was a treat of a different kind. We spotted Sonia and Ayon hanging out in a corner and quietly enjoying the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16581351", "title": "Power for CoP to leave rest of city in darkness", "text": "HYDERABAD: Citizens residing in areas of the city other than in the vicinity of the Hyderabad International Convention Centre (HICC) would likely face longer power cuts during the duration of the CoP-11 global meet with the state government preparing to supply uninterrupted electricity to the host venue and its surrounding localities.In Greater Hyderabad, the Central Power Distribution Company Ltd (CPDCL) has been resorting to three-hourly load relief in two spells (one-and-half hours each) for the past couple of months. Except in the core city (former MCH area), power outages run for over five hours in the surrounding municipal circles. The situation is worse in rural areas.Now, officials at CPDCL have said that since no power cuts would be imposed in the HICC area and other important locations like star hotels, the load relief had to be passed on to other parts of the city.The CPDCL has laid exclusive feeder lines - a 220Kv line from Gachibowli and another 132Kv line from Madhapur to HICC - to ensure 24/7 power to HICC. The burden of this on the CPDCL, it is estimated, would be 50MW.Apart from two exclusive feeders, a four-way structural arrangement has been made in the mini-Charminar near Hitex as an alternative arrangement to supply power in case of a technical snag in the main feeders. As of now, power is being supplied to HICC through a 33Kv feeder line from the 132Kv Madhapur sub-station up to Hitex. To avoid overloading during CoP-11, new 80MVA electrical transformers have been installed near HICC in place of the earlier 50MVA ones.Also, officials were worried about the rise in power consumption over the past two weeks due to the dry spell. They claimed that the difference between the demand for power and its allocation stood at around 1,000MW. No additional allocations have been made in the last two months as power was being diverted to the agricultural sector.\"Although 5,413MW is required for providing uninterrupted power in the area fed by CPDCL, the usage was only 4,429MW on September 26. Similarly, power allocation was 4,397MW against the demand of 5,430MW on September 24,\" said a senior CPDCL official.\"For Greater Hyderabad, the CPDCL used to get about 1,700MW every day, even during peak summer. However, that allocation has drastically come down and is at the moment 1,270MW,\" another official said. Sources said that to overcome the deficit, the rest of the city would have to face more unscheduled power outages given that APTransco is not in a position to provide additional electricity to CPDCL.Meanwhile, it was learnt that CPDCL also plans to provide uninterrupted power to streetlights and for beautification works within Greater Hyderabad limits at a cost of Rs 2 crore. \"CPDCL has laid two 11Kv lines from Ayyappa Society and Kondapur to provide uninterrupted power to streetlights in the Madhapur area,\" said assistant CPDCL divisional engineer (Gachibowli), M Shiv Shanker.\"Several beautification works were taken up for which transformers have had to be shifted, electric poles were replaced and underground cabling works had to be carried out on important stretches like Madhapur-Hi-Tec City, Shamshabad-Aramghar, LB Nagar-Ramoji Film City,\" T Narasimha Das, CPDCL chief general manager (Rangareddy), told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583619", "title": "'Unruly' teachers should be taken to task: Shivanand", "text": "PATNA: Piqued over the 'ugly' demonstration by the panchayat teachers at the Adhikar yatra meetings of chief minister Nitish Kumar , JD(U) national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary on Thursday lashed out at them and said they should not forget it was Nitish who raised their remuneration from a paltry Rs 1,500 a month to Rs 7,000 besides providing many other facilities.Tiwary said he was pained to see a TV footage in which a panchayat teacher is seen showing chappal (sandal) at the CM's meeting. \"If a teacher behaves like this, one can imagine what he would be teaching the children,\" he said, adding the teachers indulging in vulgar acts should be identified and taken to task.In 2006 new rules were framed for them and they were named as panchayat teachers with a fixed salary of Rs 5,000 for trained teachers and Rs 4,000 for untrained ones. Shiksha Mitras were also included in the scheme and the practice of their renewal of contract after every eleven months was done away with.Furthermore, Tiwary said, in 2011 the fixed salary was further revised from Rs 4,000 to Rs 6,000 and Rs 5,000 to Rs 7,000. A pension scheme for them was also introduced besides leave and promotion facilities.Tiwary charged the RJD with misguiding the panchayat teachers. He also reminded that Bihar is the only state in the country which is spending 20% of its total budget on education whereas the Centre has allocated only 3.85% of its total budget on education which is less than what poorer nations like Ghana, Eretria and Bhutan are spending.\"The panchayat teachers should also not forget that they had been appointed on contract,\" he said, adding the government was seized with their problems and would definitely address them.Tiwary said the series of reforms unleashed by PM Manmohan Singh was not going to divert public attention from the series of scams. \"The UPA government has been reduced to minority on FDI issue and the parties supporting the alliance from outside also participated in the Bharat bandh.\"The JD(U) MP whose name along with that of Nitish cropped up in fodder scam as the alleged beneficiaries, said the matter was in the designated court in Ranchi and an order may be passed on October 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582175", "title": "SC pulls up CBI court for delaying Amin's proposal to turn approver", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While transferring the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case to Mumbai, the Supreme Court has criticized the behaviour of judicial officer of the special CBI court.Expressing dissatisfaction on proceeding in Ahmedabad's CBI court, the apex court said, \"There are instances as would appear from the proceedings in the Sohrabuddin case when this court had reasons not to feel entirely happy at the way the courts below dealt with the matter.\"The bench of Justice Aftab Alam and Justice Ranjana Prakash Desai has disapproved of the manner in which additional judicial magistrate A Y Dave conducted the proceeding. The bench cited an episode of accused N K Amin's proposal to turn approver and by which he sought pardon. \"The magistrate did not pass any order on that application but strangely gave its notice to other accused in the case. The other accused took time to file their responses until the magistrate referred the matter to the high court under section 395 of the CrPC after almost five weeks of the filing of the petition,\" the apex court noted in its order.The SC also took into notice that the delay caused by the court led to create circumstances that Amin's life came into danger, and ultimately he changed his mind and withdrew his proposal to turn an approver. The apex court took note that the court delayed the process from July 26, 2010, when Amin filed application, to January 18, 2011, when he withdrew it. This led CBI to argue that Amin was won over by co-accused by giving him intimidations or inducements. The SC also recorded how Amin accused the CBI in his counter-affidavit.Besides, the SC highlighted the instance of three cops - V A Rathod, Ajay Parmar and Santram Sharma who were given clean chit but the court did not take any action in this regard. \"After he (magistrate Dave) received a copy of the chargesheet filed by the CBI and found that three other policemen were not arrayed as accused, he had, for the time being, decided not to make any statement before the court keeping his options open after the case is committed to the court of sessions,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16581034", "title": "CCTV dealers abducted for ransom, rescued", "text": "VADODARA: Two persons from Godhra were kidnapped for ransom on Wednesday evening. Police rescued the victims and arrested those responsible for the kidnapping.Saurabh Parikh and Israr Kapadia, both residents of Godhra, deal in closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras and computer systems used to operate them. They were allegedly kidnapped by Raisinh Bhabhor, a resident of Garbada in Dahod district and Ramja Mavi, a resident of Alirajpur in Madhya Pradesh (MP).Saurabh has claimed that he got a call on Friday evening from a person claiming that he wanted to get CCTV systems installed at a place near Limkheda in Dahod district. The person asked him to meet him near Moonlight Petrol Pump near Godhra from where they would go together to Limkheda.However, when Saurabh and Kapadia reached the petrol pump, the accused got into the car and threatened them with sharp-edged weapons. They took them towards Dahod and then called Parikh's father Satish Parikh asking him to pay up Rs 5 lakh.Satish was asked to come with the money at a place in MP close to Dahod town. But Satish approached the police and the police started tracing the phones used to call him up. Through Satish, the police managed to convince the abductors to come to Dahod town to take the ransom amount.When Bhabhor and Mavi reached Dahod with Saurabh and Israr, the police swooped down upon them late in the night and nabbed them. A FIR was lodged at Godhra regarding the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586382", "title": "Mouni, Sanjeeda, Mukti to sizzle for Lulla\u2019s wedding!", "text": "On 29th September, the whole industry will witness the grand wedding of Eros International CEO-Kishore Lulla's daughter. For which the family have chosen Jodhpur as a perfect venue for this majestic wedding. With Bollywood industry all set to grace the wedding, TV stars will too sizzle the wedding with their starry performances. A source informs right from Jodhpur that TV actors like Mukti Mohan, Mouni Roy, Sanjeeda Sheikh had already arrived to the venue and are all set for their tonight's performances. Manish Paul, who is famous for his comic timings and great hosting capabilities, will no doubt host the event. We too hear that yesterday, the family enjoyed the cocktail party and are now getting ready for tonight's 'sangeet'. Lulla has chosen Umaid Palace, the royal residence, for his daughter Rishika's wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582452", "title": "Rahul Gandhi hears out J&K; sarpanch delegation", "text": "NEW DELHI: A nine-member delegation of Jammu &amp; Kashmir sarpanches demanded in Delhi on Thursday that the Centre implement the 73rd amendment of the Constitution if it believed the state is part of India. The 73rd amendment gives panchayats autonomy in planning and execution of development work and utilization of funds.Speaking to TOI, Fazal Alam Wani, a sarpanch from Doda, said, \"If Indian leaders claim J&K; is a part of India, then why do they discriminate between us and panchayats in the rest of India? Let India enforce the 73rd amendment and show J&K; is India's crown.\"Wani is part of the delegation visiting Delhi after Congress leader Rahul Gandhi invited them following mass resignation of panchayat members in J&amp;K.;Sarpanch Kulbhushan Khajuria from Jammu said, \"If the governments don't empower panchayats, holding the next election would be a distant dream. It would erode the people's confidence in democracy.\"Sarpanch Shafique Mir, leading the delegation, said they asked Gandhi to ensure the security and safety of panchayat members.They also demanded Rs 20 lakh and job for the kin of panchayat members killed. \"Rahul Gandhi told Union MOS (home) Jitendra Singh to look into it,\" said Mir.After 30 years, panchayat polls were held in J&K; in 2011. Since then, militant groups killed five panchayat members, including two in the last fortnight. In April, posters by Lashkar-eToiba appeared in J&K; threatening panchayat members of dire consequences if they didn't resign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16583344", "title": "Hostellers protest against lack of facilities", "text": "VARANASI: Student residents of Dr Annie Besant Hostel, Faculty of Education, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), Kamacha staged a demonstration on Thursday to protest against the alleged lack of basic facilities at the hostel.The students complained that the hostel does not get proper electricity supply which is hampering their studies. They said other basic necessities like newspapers, playground, sports equipment, canteen, mess, regular internet facility and cleaning staff are also missing at the hostel.The students rued that they had earlier apprised the vice chancellor about their grievances through an email but no action has been taken in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581764", "title": "Drive to catch power thieves", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to deter power theft, Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited (TPDDL) and Delhi police started a special drive early this week to catch thieves on the spot.\"The police personnel accompanying the raiding team will arrest the accused on the spot and complete the other legal formalities the same day. The earlier practice warranted a complaint from TPDDL following which an FIR used to be lodged and the accused were arrested at a later date,\" said an official release of TPDDL.Two people were arrested in Wazirpur on Thursday.The special drive will cover Rani Bagh, Subash Place, Maurya Enclave, Shalimar Bagh, Bharat Nagar, Ashok Vihar, Adarsh Nagar, Jahangir Puri, Mahindra Park, Bhalswa Dairy, Model Town, Mukherjee Nagar and Swaroop Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16585719", "title": "Disability survey in Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) has undertaken a survey and registration of disabled persons residing in the region.The municipality has earmarked Rs 80 lakhs for the welfare and development of disabled persons. Civic officials said that persons with any disability above 40 per cent can register with the municipality.The disabled person needs to be residing in the region since minimum of two years to get the benefits of the various schemes and financial aid from the MBMC. So far the civic administration does not have a figure of the handicapped persons in the region.The municipality has identified 35 employees, including officers from the civic social welfare department to identify and verify documents of handicapped persons before registering them. Civic staffers will also visit homes in the region to collect details about disabled persons.As of now a rehabilitation centre for the physically and visually handicapped persons was opened at the Navghar civic school, Bhayander (east) last year.A demand to install disabled friendly ramps in public buildings in the region is long pending. The civic administration is expected to utilize the funds to construct ramps in municipal buildings and offices in the region.Civic officials said that the survey will throw light on the number of disabled persons in the region before any developmental projects for them are taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582150", "title": "'Asylees' can't enjoy benefits of both the countries: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a verdict with huge ramifications, especially in foreign-crazy Punjab, Punjab and Haryana high court has ruled that a \"derivative asylee\" who enjoys the economic, social and health benefits of a foreign country is not permitted to invoke their nationality of the country of their birth to get the same benefits.Justice Mahesh Grover of the HC has passed these orders while upholding the decision of Indian passport authorities who have refused to give travel documents to one Harwinder Kaur and her ward to visit Canada to join her husband.In this case the petitioner, Harwinder Kaur's husband Harjinder Singh Brar had taken asylum in Canada and later she joined him along with her son to get the permanent residence status.Justice Grover also went to observe that such persons do not deserve for any benefit on account of their having abused the very same country, which they have shunned consciously, to gain an access to their perceived sense of beneficial existence. Petitioner's husband Harjinder Singh Brar had gone to Canada in 2000 and gained asylum there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16574340", "title": "I wouldn't turn down 50 shades, says Emma Watson", "text": "Emma Watson has revealed that she would consider a role in the movie version of steamy novel Fifty Shades Of Grey.Though the 22-year-old admitted that she had not been offered the role of Anastasia Steele but would entertain the idea if she found it to be an 'interesting story.'Emma is aware the books were \"quite raunchy\" but has yet to read them.\"The thing is I haven't read any of the book because I haven't read a script so it's quite difficult to know what I'm turning down potentially but I hear it's quite raunchy,\" the Sun quoted her as saying.\"I mean if there's interesting character development and there's an interesting story then I would consider it - but I haven't been offered anything,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582516", "title": "Unfazed CAG stands by 2G, coalgate audits", "text": "NEW DELHI: The comptroller and auditor general (CAG) does not seem fazed by the government's claim that the Supreme Court's \"opinion\" that auction could not be the sole method for allocation of natural resources represented a repudiation of the national auditor's criticism of the government.Even as ministers stepped forward to welcome the apex court's opinion as a vindication of their stand and to say that it should lead \"constitutional\" authorities not to interfere with government's decision-making, sources in the CAG said the federal auditor had always taken care not to question government policies and to limit itself to reviewing their \"effectiveness and non-implementation\".\"The focus of the auditor is on the processes followed by government departments and how effectively policies are implemented,\" a CAG official said. \"We had never commented on government policies, neither did we ever say that auction was the only route or that all natural resources should be auctioned. In both 2G spectrum licences and coal block allocations, we had only commented on the 'effectiveness or non-implementation' of policies,\" he added.The UPA leadership was overjoyed by the opinion of the court that the government was not bound by the Constitution to invite competitive bids for natural resources and that it should go by whichever method it deemed to be best suited to serve the \"common good\".It said the binding judicial determination knocked the very bottom out of CAG's criticism of the government for causing losses to public exchequer and reaching undue benefits to private players allocating 2G spectrum and coal blocks without holding auctions.However, the auditor firmly stood by its decision to draw a comparison between the 2G spectrum licences allocation with that of the 3G auction prices. The senior CAG official said the comparison was meant to arrive at a market value of spectrum as licences were given in 2008 at rates discovered in 2001-03.In the 2G spectrum licences allocation in 2008, the government had decided to distribute them based on first-come first served basis, whereas in 2010, it decided to go in for an auction for the same scarce resource.\"We didn't question policy decisions, we merely commented on the execution of these policies and how due to some acts of commission, it resulted in gains to private parties which could have accrued to the exchequer,\" the CAG official said.The presumptive loss or windfall gain figures are only to highlight the serious issues of an act of commission during implementation of government policies, he pointed out.The reaction of CAG officials seems to suggest that the auditor is unlikely to be deterred from commenting on \"implementation of government policies\" in the manner it has done in the recent past where it had drawn a comparison with figures of presumptive loss or windfall gains.\"We will continue to audit efficiency and effectiveness of policies in the receipt and application of public funds as they are deemed to be within the scope of audit,\" the CAG official said.We never commented on government policies, neither did we ever say auction was the only route or that all natural resources should be auctioned. In both 2G and coal block allocations, we had only commented on the 'effectiveness or non-implementation' of policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581581", "title": "Now, PMC's elected members want laptops", "text": "PUNE: The elected members in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) have demanded laptops so that they can do their work \"efficiently\".Kishor Vitkar, Usha Kalamkar and Minal Sarwade - all three from the Nationalist Congress Party - have tabled a proposal before the standing committee saying that the civic body should provide laptops to all the 152 elected members to facilitate their work.The proposal said, \"Elected members representing the city are highly qualified and laptops will help them function efficiently. The civic administration of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation gave laptops to their elected members five years ago. Even the Zilla Parishad has given a go-ahead to give laptops to their elected representatives. Hence, the PMC administration should also consider the proposal.\"In another proposal, the civic administration has demanded funds of around Rs 348 crore to acquire land for the Shivane-Kharadi river-side road.The two proposals are likely to be discussed in the standing committee meeting on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16581986", "title": "Ganesh mandals continue to tap power illegally", "text": "NASHIK: Though Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has made power connections available at subsidized rates, some Ganesh mandals continue to steal power from either the NMC'S street lights or the distribution points of MSEDCL.The fact came to light in case of three Ganesh mandals in Indira Nagar, Rajeev Nagar and Chetana Nagar respectively, where all the major power connections have been taken from the power distribution company, but there were some connections that were not metered and the leaders of the respective mandals brushed the issue under the carpet.At a fanfare organized by corporator of ward 53 B, Satish Sonawane, a three-phase connection has been taken by the organizers, but the power for the decorative lighting on the street has been tapped from the street lights. The Sangharsh Mitra Mandal at Indira Nagar, led by Akash Khode (who contested elections unsuccessfully) has tapped the NMC connection for some halogen lights on the street. Similarly, the Utkrushta Mitra Mandal and former corporator Amol Jadhav-led Chetana Nagar Vikas Mandal have also drawn power from MSEDCL's distribution point for lightings, besides an authorized connection. When contacted, the leaders and the corporators had the same reaction: \"We have taken proper connections, but the members of our organization might have tapped the electricity unknowingly. We will ask them to source power only from legal and metered sources.\"MSEDCL officials said si8n8ce most of the mandals have me8tered connections from different sources, the power supply to connections sourced from distribution points would be disconnected and monitored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583125", "title": "Foresters bust mini zoo in Velachery", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old man who kept dozens of endangered animals and exotic birds in cages at his Velachery home may count the bars. Forest officials rescued marmoset monkeys, macaws, cockatoos, pioneer parrots, rainbow lories and exotic birds called princess of Wales from Karthikeyan's house on 7th Cross Street, Dhandeeswaram Nagar on Thursday evening.R Balamurugan, a forest official of the Velachery range, said some of the macaws were injured and were limping in the cage. \"We will hand over the injured birds and animals to Blue Cross for care. Keeping a marmoset monkey, which is highly endangered, is a violation of the Wildlife Act. We will check if the man had a licence to keep exotic birds such as macaws,\" the official said.\"There were eight marmoset monkeys which are natives of South America,\" said Dawn Williams, general manager of Blue Cross India which alerted the forest department. \"A marmoset monkey can fetch up to 5 lakh in the market. Macaws and other exotic birds cost around 2 lakh.\"Forest officials said they got information that Karthikeyan had taken the house on rent and used it to keep and sell endangered and exotic species. He was also running an automobile spare parts business. Some birds and monkeys were stuffed together in cages and kept in unhealthy conditions. Most of them were underfed and severely traumatised. A number of macaws were chained and seen limping in the cage.Karthikeyan, however, said he didn't know that he was violating any law. \"I have them as pets. It is my passion to keep rare animals. I collected the animals from zoos in Tirupati and Visakhapatnam and I am not aware that marmoset monkeys are a highly endangered species,\" Karthikeyan argued with the officials at his house.Williams said Blue Cross got a tip-off about marmoset monkeys being smuggled in a week ago and they have been searching the locality. Kathikeyan might have flown in these animals under the category 'live-animals' and did not inform the airlines about them being endangered species, Williams said.Sushana Vittaldev, a volunteer with Blue Cross, said sellers of exotic species had a niche clientele in the city. \"These exotic birds are friendly with humans but forget to breed if kept in close proximity to humans for long. This is the reason the sale and purchase of these birds are prohibited in the open market,\" said Vittaldev. As per the Wild Life Protection Act, 1972, punishment for keeping endangered species at home is a fine and up to five years imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16583764", "title": "Two women bag lifters held with Rs7,000 cash", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two women bag lifters were arrested on Wednesday by the city police and Rs7,000 was seized from them.Police said, S Devi, (38) of Nambiyalaganpalayam in Coimbatore had gone to Kuniamuthur to meet her younger sister and returned to Town Hall from Kuniamuthur in a bus. While waiting at Prakasam bus stop at Town Hall, she opened her handbag and realized Rs2,000 was missing from it. She lodged a complaint with Big Bazaar street police station. Meanwhile, K Manorama, (35) an accountant was traveling in a bus and found Rs5,000 missing from her handbag when she tried taking money for buying ticket. She lodged a complaint with Variety Hall road police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581188", "title": "Woman drops bomb story to nail ex-lover", "text": "MUMBAI: The Worli police have registered an FIR against a 40-year-old woman for allegedly cooking up a story about a bomb threat in a bid to teach her former lover a lesson.While the woman, Rani Khasare, has been let off with a warning for now as the offence registered against her in non-cognizable, the police will seek permission from a court to start an inquiry against her.Around 9.30pm on Tuesday, Khasare called up the police control room from a phone booth and claimed that she had overheard her \"husband\", Mohammed Shaikh, and two of his friends planning to plant bombs at 3-4 places in the city on September 29, Anant Chaturdashi. The control room traced the call to Worli's BDD chawls and immediately informed the Worli police about the matter.The officers on night duty, assistant inspector Y R Sawant, sub-inspector Amit Pawar and constables Ashok Patil and M Mahadev, reached the spot by 9.45pm. There, they found Khasare moving around suspiciously near the booth and took her to the police station.On being interrogated, the woman\u2014who lives alone in the BDD chawls and does odd jobs to earn a living\u2014blurted out the truth. She told the police that she was involved in a relationship with Shaikh (23) for three years but he married another woman in May last year. She came up with the bomb story in order to disrupt Shaikh's marital life, said sources. It was, however, not clear as to why Khasare decided to seek revenge after so long.The drama continued till 1am on September 26. Based on her information, the cops tracked down Shaikh and called him to the police station. They took down the statement of the 23-year-old, a mall executive, to check if Khasare was saying the truth. They then warned her not to do such things again and let her go.Senior inspector Dipak Pawar told TOI: \"We charged the woman under Section 182-A (false information, with intent to cause a public servant to use his lawful power to the injury of another person) of the IPC. Her aim was to disrupt Shaikh's life.\" It also came to light that she had used Shaikh's wife's name while making the call.\"As the offence is non-cognizable, we cannot arrest her. We have to seek the court's permission to carry out an inquiry. The woman would have left the spot had the police team not reacted to the alert from the control room so swiftly,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16583227", "title": "PM fails UK \u2018citizenship test\u2019 on US TV show", "text": "LONDON: It is a test that all Indian and other non-EU citizens have to pass before becoming UK citizens, but PM David Cameron on Wednesday night had a tough time answering some key questions on a widely watched American chat show.Cameron appeared on the Late Show with David Letterman in what was considered as a risky move, given the host's biting humour and obvious relish in embarrassing high profile guests. The PM, who in a major speech on immigration in October 2011 said his government was revising the citizenship test to \"put British history and culture at the heart of it\", could not answer questions about the Magna Carta and the composer of Rule Britannia.After fumbling with questions about British history and culture, Cameron told the host, \"You have found me out. I have ended my career on your show tonight\".When Letterman asked who composed the music for Rule Britannia after the band struck up the music from the Last Night of the Proms, Cameron replied, \"Elgar\". Letterman waited until near the end of the show to point out that Thomas Arne had composed the music, and that the poem was by James Thomson. The host also asked him about the Magna Carta. Cameron said \"1215\" when asked the date it was signed. But he didn't know Latin Magna Carta in English meant Great Charter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581562", "title": "Only five vehicles turn up for RTO inspection", "text": "PUNE: Only five vehicles participating in the immersion procession on Saturday have approached the Regional Transport Office (RTO) so far to get fitness certificates.The RTO had asked owners of trucks, trailers, tempos and other transport vehicles to get them checked before plying them on the procession routes. \"So far, the response has been very poor as only five vehicles have approached with only a day left for immersion,\" a senior RTO official said.The office has set up a special camp at its Alandi road office for the last two weeks to conduct inspections of vehicles that will be on the roads in the processions on the last day of Ganeshotsav. RTO officials on Thursday said that vehicle owners appear to have ignored the appeal. No vehicle approached the office before the Ganesh festival for inspection. Only five visited the camp in the last seven days, said officials.He said that hundreds of vehicles are used during the immersion processions in the city to carry idols of Ganesha and power generators to light up the illuminations. Taking into account previous instances of vehicles breaking down and punctured tyres during the immersion, it is necessary that every vehicle should undergo technical inspection. Officials said that such halts during immersion could lead to major chaos and traffic jams.The RTO has said that owners are expected to carry all documents of the vehicle for the inspection. The office will issue a fitness certificate which must be carried during the processions. Besides insisting on inspection of vehicles, the RTO has also appealed to the people to avoid plying of scrapped vehicles during the processions.The official said there was no provision under the Motor Vehicle Act to initiate action against vehicle owners/drivers for failing to undergo the inspection. Ganesh mandals should initiate steps for inspection of their vehicles they would use for the immersion, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581984", "title": "Ashes of ex-RSS chief's body immersed at Sangam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The ashes of former Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) chief KS Sudarshan were immersed in the Sangam by his family members on Thursday.The ashes were first taken to Jawala Devi Inter College where a Shraddhanjali Sabha was organised in the memory of the departed leader. BJP leaders including Rajnath Singh, Murli Manohar Joshi, Vinay Katiyar, Kalraj Mishra , Laxmi Kant Bapai, NKS Gaur, Udaybhan Karvariya, Yogesh Shukla paid tributes to the former RSS chief. VHP leaders including Vishwanath Lal Nigam and former UPPSC chairman KB Pandey also paid tributes to Sudarshan.Murli Manohar Joshi said, \"During my tenure as the HRD minister, Sudarshan always provided valuable guidance and suggestions in the field of education and science. His fondness towards agriculture can be gauged from the fact that he practised organic farming during his stay at Bhopal after relinquishing charge as RSS chief in 2009. In case an agriculture scientist visited him, Sudarshan never forgot to take him to the rooftop garden where he proudly claimed that Indian farmers can become self reliant by pursuing organic farming.\"BJP leader Rajnath Singh said that people acquire knowledge, yoga, bhakti and karmayoga to attain moksha but Sudarshanji was an embodiment of all these qualities. His views on the social, economic and political sphere were always guided by high sense of morality, Singh added.RSS leaders Ishwar Chandra Gupta and Prof Devendra Pratap Singh said Sudarshan always espoused the cause of Hindi and advocated its use in medical and engineering education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16585769", "title": "Nagpur police tips traders on thugs and their latest tricks", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, addressing a traders' gathering last week at Jain Bhavan, has asked the business fraternity to take initiatives to strengthen security in their locality joining hands with police.Dhanvijay, highlighting the modus operandi of the criminals, briefed the businessmen about the new trends in crime that has kept the cops on toes. He specifically laid emphasis on the criminals spying on the movements of the businessmen and their employees to loot cash on the road.The CP, issuing the warning, said that the criminals have managed to rob cash on numbers of occasions despite having been caught on previous occasions.Dhanvijay is learnt to have approached the affected sections of the traders' community to boost their confidence following mandate of the state director general of police Sanjeev Dayal who has issued instructions to draw the stakeholders in the society closers for effective policing.The CP also suggested that the businessmen should consider installing CCTVs. The top cop has suggested that CCTVs be installed both inside and outside their establishments.Dhanvijay gave the example of the Pachpaoli jeweller where the mastermind was caught with the help of the footages of his friend and the bike which the duo had used to flee from the shop with the valuables.The footages were caught on the CCTV camera installed outside the shop.The CP also said that around 50 traders should join hands to hire a private security personnel who would be assisted by the constables deputed from the local police station for a joint patrolling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "stockholm", "code": "16584874", "title": "Afghan burqa opponent wins 'alternative Nobel'", "text": "STOCKHOLM: Afghan human rights activist, ex-minister and burqa opponent Sima Samar on Thursday won the Swedish Right Livelihood Award honouring those who work to improve the lives of others. Samar, 55, was honoured \"for her longstanding and courageous dedication to human rights, especially the rights of women, in one of the most complex and dangerous regions in the world\", the jury said.A doctor by training, she fled to Pakistan in 1984 when her husband disappeared following arrest by Afghanistan's communist regime. She returned in 2001 to become the first minister of women's affairs, but had to resign after six months after she criticized sharia law in an interview in Canada. She was in 2002 named the head of Afghanistan Independent Human Rights Commission , which she still leads.Samar shares award with US political theorist Gene Sharp, 84, whom the jury described as \"the world's foremost expert on non-violent revolution\", and Campaign Against Arms Trade, a NGOcompaigning for an end to British arms exports.An honorary prize was awarded to 90-year-old Hayrettin Karaca, \"considered the grandfather of the Turkish environmental movement,\" the jury said.Swedish-German philatelist Jakob von Uexkull founded the donor-funded prize in 1980 after the Nobel Foundation refused to create awards honouring efforts in the fields of the environment and international development.The three winners share the prize sum of $193,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581016", "title": "Ensure e-meters before fare hike, say commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuter groups are unhappy with the government's decision to announce a fare rise for autos and taxis. But they insist that any rise should be preceded by compulsory installation of e-meters. Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) plans to go a step further and challenge some Hakim Committee recommendations in court.MGP's Shirish Deshpande said, \"Our demands are clear. First install e-meters in all autos within three months and then ask for a fare rise. Besides, we are not happy with some of the observations of the Hakim panel, one being depreciation for taxis over 12 years old and autos over 7 years. Old vehicles do not deserve depreciation.\"Also, comprehensive insurance for drivers has been suggested. Why should consumers pay for this insurance, which works to around Rs 19,000 per vehicle? Drivers should pay insurance from their own pocket and it should not be part of the fare. Also, interest on borrowings should not be included in the calculations.\"But we are glad that the CM's office has decided to amend (reduce) the factors of cost of living and cost of maintenance and repairs, as suggested by Hakim. We had made this demand before the state transport secretary and this seems to have been accepted to some extent by the government.\"Meanwhile, auto union leaders said they would be happy if the fare rise was Rs 3. \"Since the Hakim panel has suggested realistic factors, they should not be excluded from the fare hike formula. If this is done and the formula amended against the interests of our drivers, we may go on a large-scale agitation,\" taxi union leader A L Quadros said.Sources said that the hike suggested by Hakim panel was Rs 3 for both autos and taxis. But with the government making minor amendments, the hike amount could be in the range of Rs 2to Rs 3. Consumer groups, however, dont want a single paise hike in fares.Deshpande said that the commuter-friendly recommendations made by Hakim should be incorporated without any changes. \"I had also demanded that the minimum fare should be for the 1 km distance, but my pleas seem to have fallen on deaf ears,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581229", "title": "Biker falls 40 feet from Lalbaug flyover, critical", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old Nalasopara resident is fighting for his life after falling nearly 40 ft from the Lalbaug flyover following a bike accident on the bridge. The two other youths travelling on the motorcycle with him sustained fractures in the mishap.The Kalachowkie police said Rajesh Prajapati and his friends Ashokram Devendra (20) and Mohammad Amir (17) went for a darshan of Lalbaugcha Raja late on Wednesday.A little after midnight, they left the spot and took the Lalbaug flyover to head north. Devendra, a resident of Dharavi, rode the bike while Devendra sat behind him with Prajapati right at the back.Devendra said in his statement that he lost control over the bike and rammed it into the flyover's wall. While he and Amir\u2014who lives in Bandra \u2014fell on the bridge, they could not spot Prajapati anywhere. They later learned that he was flung off the flyover and landed on a couple of pedestrians standing near some shops below. This cushioned his fall and he survived, but doctors at KEM Hospital said Prajapati's condition was critical.Prajapati was admitted to the surgical ICU of the hospital. \"He has had severe abdominal bleeding and head injuries. He has been put on ventilator,\" said a doctor from the ICU, adding that the youth's condition was being closely monitored.The head of the orthopaedic department said both Amir and Devendra were left with fractured limbs. \"Amir also has a facial bone injury while Devendra has a right forearm fracture,\" he said. A doctor from the hospital said the pedestrians fell sustained minor injuries and were treated in the OPD.The police made a diary entry and were yet to register a case. \"Prajapati could have died had he not landed on the pedestrians, Vitthal Singh Kusunge (21) and Rajesh Mandgaonkar (44),\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581715", "title": "BCCI president Srinivasan evades axe queries", "text": "MUMBAI: To go against the popular vote is generally viewed as irreverent in the corridors of the Indian cricket board where loyalties are well rewarded and dissenters sidelined.Former India all-rounder Mohinder Amarnath seems to have paid the price for being the dissenter. He has been unceremoniously sacked by BCCI as senior national selector for raising the question of Mahendra Singh Dhoni's credentials to continue as captain of the Indian Test team.In the selection meeting ahead of the two-Test series against New Zealand at home, Amarnath joined the rest of the committee in Mumbai and raised the question on Dhoni, also suggesting that he be replaced by opener Virender Sehwag.The suggestion came in the aftermath of India's disastrous tours to England and Australia. Amarnath wanted the skipper (Dhoni) to take responsibility for the defeat. It is learnt that Srikkanth, the chairman of the committee then, refused to entertain the discussion, and the rest of the members too fell in line. Amarnath found himself left alone and eventually has paid the price.Board officials in the know of these developments speak off the record on why Amarnath has been sacked, but none in the BCCI is willing to officially make a comment on it. When asked for reasons that led to Amarnath's sacking, BCCI president N Srinivasan said \"The term of the selectors is a maximum of four years but they have to be elected annually. This is the decision of BCCI and one cannot go into the reasons. It is not a subject of public debate. But a possible reason could be that BCCI wanted a new-look selection committee, which I think they have now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16582958", "title": "Cesspools in Bhubaneswar still breeding killer vectors", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Despite tall claims by government agencies, potential breeding grounds for mosquitoes are abundantly available in the city even as eight more persons tested positive at Capital Hospital in the city on Thursday, taking the state's total number of dengue cases to 753.Standing water in numerous puddles at the truck terminal near Rasulgarh are full of vectors. Similar stagnant water filled the winged monsters is a common feature on either side of the road from Rasulgarh Square to Mancheswar Industrial Estate. Used tyres, which are perfect dens for larva to grow as they easily collect rain water, are lying scattered near garages on this road and between Rasulgarh and Kalpana Square. Such tyres on Saheed Nagar side of the National Highway (NH) also threaten to promote mosquitoes.The inter-state bus terminus at Baramunda is another haven of dengue carriers. The bus stand ground has become uneven because of frequent plying of buses on the non-concrete surface, numerous depressions turning into small water bodies during monsoon. \"You can't escape mosquito bites if you visit the bus stand,\" said Niroj Ray, a city resident. Several low-lying areas in Sundarpada, GGP colony and Laxmisagar are also infested with the winged killers.According to health experts, under-construction projects are also vulnerable with rain water collecting in such places. \"Water collecting in the under-construction buildings are potential breeding ground for aedes, the mosquito that causes dengue,\" said Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) director Dr S K Kar.Quoting an RMRC survey, Dr Kar said aedes mosquito was found in large numbers in pits and tanks of several upcoming buildings, stagnant water in Salia Sahi, VSS Nagar, Vani Vihar, Chandrasekharpur, Niladri Vihar and Kanan Vihar.Municipal authorities, however, said the agency is doing its best. \"In the past month we have destroyed around 17 truck loads of used tyres in two phases, in August and in September. We are planning a third drive soon,\" said city health officer Dr Chandrika Prasad Das. \"Anti-larva liquid is being sprayed every seven days in all the 60 wards. Besides, the civic body will soon undertake a massive fogging exercise,\" Das added.At the state-level, a coordination meeting of ministers and top officers of rural development, urban development, panchayati raj and the health department is scheduled for October 5 to deliberate on issues pertaining to control of dengue and diarrhoeal diseases in the state.\"Since responsibility of many of the preventive steps lie with these departments, they have to take a proactive role to control the diseases,\" a senior health department officer said.Reviewing the dengue situation in the state on Wednesday, chief minister Naveen Patnaik asked officials to undertake massive awareness and cleanliness drive to prevent its spread.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582737", "title": "Confusion reigns over LPG cylinders", "text": "JAIPUR: The Union government's decision to limit the number of subsidised cylinders to six per household per year to rein in its burgeoning deficit has created lot of confusion among the distributors.The Liquid Petroleum Gas (LPG) dealers in the state want clarity on how the distribution of subsidised and non-subsidised cylinders will work. They are worried about the absence of a fool-proof system to keep a tab on the number of subsidised cylinders given to each consumer.\"In the absence of any mechanism to have a fool-proof delivery of cylinders to the customer, we will not be able to trade with the new policy. Unless the government explains the mechanism thoroughly, it will be difficult for us to identify who has received how many cylinders at subsidized rates,\" said Deepak Gehlot, president, LPG dealers association.Moreover, the multiple pricing of cylinders have also raised concern among the dealers. In the state capital, a 14.2 kg LPG cylinder will be available for Rs 376.50. After crossing the limit of nine subsidised cylinders (six from Union government and three from state government) the non-subsidized ones will be available at the rate of Rs 722.50. And for non-domestic (exempted) category, this will be Rs 992.50 per cylinder.\"The differential prices will promote the black-marketing of the product. Till now, everybody was getting cylinders at a fixed rate. But now a segment which is getting at higher price will try to find ways to sneak into lower price range,\" said Vishnu Dayal, an Indane gas dealer.To iron out the technical glitches, all three companies, IOC , HPCL and BPCL have started acting on the modalities. In Jaipur, Indian Oil Company, which owns Indane brand, have cancelled the 5,000 extra connections with same address and same name. While 7.75 lakh connections are under scrutiny.\"To avoid the leakage of a subsidy, we are cancelling all the extra connections of those consumers having same address and same name. Similarly, we are in the process of filling 'Know Your Customer' forms from the customer having a different name but same address in their connection applications,\" said Gurmeet Singh, GM of IOC.Meanwhile, the customers who have applied for the new connection will have to wait for some days to get the cylinders. The companies have stalled releasing new connections and working on common tracking software to curtail the overlapping of it.\"To dispel the fears of our distributors, we will soon have a common software which will track the customers having more than one connection. Subsequently, our head offices are also working on the modalities to ensure that dealers and consumers can monitor their distribution and usage,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16581478", "title": "1.4 crore, jewellery stolen, police doubt complainants", "text": "LUCKNOW: Loss of cash and jewellery worth around Rs 1.4 crore was reported in two separate incidents in different parts of the state capital on Thursday afternoon. Police suspect statements of complainants in both incidents.Aliganj police received information that a bag carrying jewellery worth Rs 40 lakh was stolen from a four-wheeler. In the other incident one of the partners of a gutka factory in Naka Hindola area informed police that Rs 1 crore cash kept in an unlocked safe had gone missing.In Aliganj, private firm owners Shikha Srivastava, her husband Abhishek Srivastava, the latter's brother Arpit, friend Amit Srivastava and partner Romil Rastogi had come to Mallapuram Finance Company to pawn their jewellery for loan. They said they parked their vehicle near Regional Science Centre and went to the finance company to initiate the loan process and when they returned to get the jewellery, they found that a side window on the right side of the car was broken and the bag in which had jewellery was kept had gone missing. Police rushed to the spot and started investigation into the incident.The complainants own a private firm in Hazratganj and to expand their business, require a loan of Rs 4 lakh, said police. Shikha had stated to the police that she had brought the jewellery from her home in a luxury sedan. But Abhishek's friend Amit told the police that the jewellery was brought by him from the office in Hazratganj, said the police, adding that statements of both persons were taken separately.More over, assuming Shikha came with the jewellery in the sedan, why did she transfer the jewellery bag to the Abhishek's small car, the police questioned, adding that the matter was being investigated.In Naka Hindola, part-owner of a gutka factory in Newaz Kheda informed police that cash worth Rs 1 crore kept in a safe had gone missing. According to police, Gomti Guthka factory is owned by partners Devendra Maurya and Rajendra Gupta.While Maurya is 2 per cent partner in the business, rest is owned by Gupta, who is on a trip to Shimla with his family. Maurya, who is looking after the factory, told the police that he had left on Wednesday night leaving Rs 1 crore in cash in an almirah, but when he came to the factory around 2 pm on Thursday, he found the cash missing. He told the police that the almirah was not locked and cash was usually kept that way. Naka Hindola police said the matter was suspicious as such a huge amount was kept in an unlocked almirah, besides no one from the factory approached the police with a written complaint. The incident is being investigated, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16581112", "title": "Arms smugglers nabbed from Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: The special cell of Delhi Police on Wednesday nabbed two arms smugglers from the Ramgarh area in Jaisalmer on Wednesday. The two were wanted in a case registered under Arms Act at Lodhi Road police station in Delhi.According to sources, a six-member team of Delhi Police, headed by inspector Kailash Bist, arrived at the international border in Ramgarh in the evening and nabbed Manjit Singh, a resident of Ghadsana in Sriganganagar district and Sukhendra Singh, a resident of Jalandhar. The Delhi Police soon left the place with the duo.Neither the Jaisalmer police nor other security agencies in the area had any clue about the operation. The Jaisalmer police came to know of it only after the police vehicles left. It is also believed that these two persons were staying in the area to deal with fake currency notes. According to sources, the Delhi Police were looking for these two persons for quite some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "helsinki", "code": "16582628", "title": "New Lumia priced above Galaxy S3", "text": "HELSINKI: Struggling Finnish cellphone maker Nokia has priced its new flagship model Lumia 920 more than 10% higher than key rival Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S3, pricing data from Sweden and Italy showed on Thursday.Analysts said Nokia will struggle to explain the premium of the Lumia 920, which uses Microsoft's Windows Phone 8 software and is seen as potentially its last chance to break into the profitable segment and secure its future.\"Hardware-wise they are pretty similar, it would be hard for Nokia to justify that extra cost to consumers,\" said Ovum analyst Nick Dillon. \"Windows Phone is still largely an unknown to consumers - they would probably expect to pay less if they are taking a risk.\"Nokia said Swedish carriers would sell Lumia 920 for around 5,700 Swedish crowns, excluding subsidies. This compares to 4,515 crowns asked for Galaxy S3 at Expansys, one of the leading online phone stores in Europe.In Italy the Lumia 920 will sell for 599 euros, compared with 530 euros price of Galaxy S3 which has been on the market for four months.Nokia is nearing agreements with carriers and retailers in Europe and Australia to sell the new Lumias, with some partners unveiling their plans as early as today, a person with knowledge of the matter said earlier on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "16580798", "title": "East Bengal enter Federation Cup final", "text": "SILIGURI: East Bengal once again showed their massive character in subduing Churchill Brothers and making the fourth successive final in the Federation Cup at the Kanchanjungha Stadium on Thursday.Following a goalless 90 minutes, Lalrindika Ralte came as an extra-time substitute to change the colour and contour of the game with a brilliant goal in the 110th minute and ensured that the red and golds stayed in hunt for their seventh title.Churchill suffered a blow in their last-ditch effort to stay alive when substitute Israel Gurung was red-carded in the 113th minute.In the end, the East Bengal win came at a price, with both centre-backs Uga Okpara and Gurwinder Singh earning bookings to miss the final. But they looked prepared for such sacrifice to celebrate the triumph of willpower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583167", "title": "TNEB suspends power supply to Tasmac shop", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) officials have disconnected power supply to a state government-run Tasmac shop near Avadi Tank Factory, saying it had defaulted on payment and stolen power from a nearby EB line.The Tasmac outlet, however, continued business under candlelight.The EB officials disconnected the power connection to the shop after it failed to pay an outstanding bill of 4,651 for July. As there was a dispute between the building owner and Tasmac officials, the electricity bill was not paid.Even after the electricity board disconnected supply, the Tasmac officials stole power using a hook and continued to run the shop in August. When this was brought to the knowledge of the EB officials, they raided the shop and levied a fine of 4,677 for power theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16582843", "title": "Centre assures state to procure 4.5 lakh ton surplus rice", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Union minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution K V Thomas has assured the Odisha government that the Food Corporation of India (FCI) will lift the surplus rice of 4.5 lakh ton from the state.Thomas gave this assurance to the minister of state for food supplies and consumer welfare Pratap Keshari Deb during a discussion with him in New Delhi on Wednesday. The Union minister told Deb that the government will initially lift one lakh ton of rice and subsequently will lift another 1.5 lakh ton.Thomas also approved the proposal of the state government for construction of 90,000 mt capacity godown space under private entrepreneur guarantee scheme. He agreed to extend the time limit for purchase of kharif paddy procurement for 2011-12 till December next, according to a government release here.Earlier chief minister Naveen Patnaik had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Thomas to create space for storage of rice under the decentralized procurement system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582781", "title": "Kudumbasree serves exotic menu for Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: For hundreds of city residents, the Kudumbasree's 14th anniversary celebrations at Marine Drive provided a chance to taste traditional Malabari cuisine.Women were seen jostling with each other to get to the food served at the stalls of the trade fair being held as part of the programme.Around 74 Kudumbasree units have exhibited their products.The food stalls are operated by Cafe Kudumbasree, a branded eatery operated by Kudumbasree units that have received training from the Adebha Institute of Food Research and Hospitality Management, Thrissur.On Thursday and Friday, traditional Malabari varieties like unnakkaya, kayipola, irachi pathiri, pazham nirachacthu, Malabar kozhi curry, Koylandi pathiri, kinnathappam and Ramasseri idli will be served.On Saturday and Sunday, the menu would have traditional Travancore cuisine with thattil kutti dosa, egg dosa and crab roast, and it would be Kochi dishes on the last two days.Mulayari payasam, mulayari puttu and brahmi payasam will be available on all six days.The trade fair also exhibit various food items marketed by Kudumbasree units, handicrafts and other products.Handicraft products marketed under the brand name 'Charutha' is another attraction of the fair, which will conclude on October 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mcleodganj", "code": "16583800", "title": "Professionals help 'free-Tibet' cause through elite corps", "text": "McLEODGANJ: What are an engineer and revenue tax specialist from the US, a legal expert from the UK and an education expert from Canada doing in this sleepy town of McLeodganj? They, and a few more, all Tibetans from across the world, are working to make a difference in the lives of thousands of deprived Tibetans, who are living in exile in India since 1959.They are part of Tibet Corps, a unique initiative by the new prime minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile - on the lines of Peace Corps formed by former US President John F Kennedy - to get professionals from all over the world to do their bit for the Tibet cause. At present, Tibet Corps has six members, including three women.Tibet Corps, kicked off in April this year, invites Tibetans working in diverse fields like health, education, finance and community service, to come back to contribute for their own community for a period ranging from three months to one year.\"It's a way to engage Tibetan professionals and specialists from across the world, who wish to serve our own community. The experts we rope in have rich experience and exposure in particular fields, which is useful for our people who are still struggling for freedom and their motherland,\" said Tibet Corps group head Kaydor Aukatsan.Tibetans here say the close-to-six-month journey of Tibet Corps has been quite fruitful as these six Tibetan professionals, including three women, who have come from countries like the US, the UK, Canada and Nepal.\"Earlier, when people wanted to volunteer their service, they were unclear about how they could contribute. We also got volunteers who were not trained. Now, anyone wanting to join Tibet Corps is evaluated for his experience or interest and then his skill set is matched with the field where volunteers are needed,\" said a senior official of the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA).\"I am grateful to the local community and CTA for the support extended during our my days in the Tibetan settlement and to educate me. I now want to give back to my community and people and Tibet Corps gave me this opportunity,\" said Sherab Tsomo, who is based in Minneapolis (US) and worked as tax and auditing specialist at CTA for three-months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582394", "title": "Gang of vehicle thieves busted, 18 bikes recovered", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police arrested three men in connection with theft of 18 two-wheelers from western city parts during vehicle check on Wednesday. Police said that it was for the first time that the youths were caught for the theft.According to police investigators, a team of surveillance squad got a tip-off that a group was involved in vehicle thefts. Working on the information, the team kept a watch near Vastrapur lake and nabbed Yunus Shaikh, 26, a resident of Juhapura, with a stolen bike on Wednesday night. During his questioning, Shaikh confessed that he along with his friends had stolen 18 vehicles in total, including 16 bikes and two scooters. Police later arrested Feroz Khan Pathan and Saddam Husain Shaikh, both residents of Juhapura, in the case.\"The group used to target bikes parked on the road during the night and try to open the old bikes with make-do keys that could open locks with some efforts. After the thefts, the group used to supply the bikes to receivers in nearby districts for a fixed price. They would get anything between Rs 5,000 to Rs 7,000 depending on the bike's condition,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Police said that the bikes were stolen from areas including Vejalpur, Ellisbridge, Satellite, Vastrapur and Aslali. City police have recovered 12 of the vehicles so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582708", "title": "Make drinking before 5pm a crime: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The state government should consider imposing punishment for those who drink alcohol before 5pm, the Kerala high court has suggested.Along with proposing a ban on sale of liquor before 5pm, division bench of Justices C N Ramachandran Nair and P S Gopinathan said in the judgment that consumption of alcohol by anyone during work -government, private or self-employed - must be prohibited.Since the normal working hours is up to 5pm, closure of bar hotels is justified. Not only sale but consumption also needs to be prevented. In order to achieve this, punishment must be provided even for consumers, the court held.The court was hearing an NGO's plea pointing out that workers and students also consume liquor, affecting their work and studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582407", "title": "'Commitment is the foundation of life'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Life should be taken as prasad from God, which is not comparable and which needs no improvement. This was stated on Thursday by Swami Anubhavananda, propagator of the 'Be Happy Mission' while delivering a lecture at the 20th AMA Week on Empowering Relations.He said remaining cheerful and happy is the one constant spiritual practice in one's life.Narrating more than one strategy by which Lord Krishna cleared all confusions in Arjuna's mind, he said the most important spiritual practice in one's life is to follow Lord Krishna's life and achieve \"equanimity of the mind\". If these practices are adopted \"we shall always remain cheerful and happy and we will not be miserable\".Swamiji stressed that those who take life as prasad, and accept it as it comes, will be on the road to experiencing full happiness.\"The prasad is bliss,\" he said. \"A person who is at peace with himself alone can be successful in the world. One should not get scared of confusion. It should be viewed as a blessing in disguise.\"He told the audience that Lord Krishna, as a strategy, created confusion in the mind of Arjuna who was debating the futility of going to war with his kin.Lord Krishna deliberately took the chariot before Bheeshma and Dronacharya to drive home the point that he had a duty to perform and therefore there was no place for any confusion.The other invaluable lesson that emerges from Mahabharata is that of commitment. Only those who don't want to honour their commitment see difficulties in their path. In other words, those who come across difficulties, lack commitment.\"Being committed to a goal is the foundation of life,\" he said. \"This was the first lesson that Lord Krishna emphasized to Arjuna which helped greatly in eliminating confusion. If we are not committed, our birth is meaningless.\"Remember that world does not need you. It is your need that you are doing anything in life. If this simple principle is understood and applied, there is no lacuna.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16583592", "title": "Pakistani boy's Bollywood pursuit ends in juvenile home", "text": "AMRITSAR: Hero worship doesn't follow any rule and defies geographical boundaries.A dream to meet Bollywood hero Ajay Devgn forced this Pakistani boy to flee his house and cross the India-Pakistan border. But his crazy pursuit ended in vain and landed him in a juvenile home at Faridkot.Thirteen-year-old Kashif Ali, a resident of Peer Hayat village in Pakistan's Depalpur tehsil, fled his home in Okara district a year ago. He was detained by the BSF at Kasur border for straying into India in September 2011 and sent to the Faridkot juvenile home.For the past one year, Faridkot administration has been trying to contact his relatives in Pakistan but in vain.But luck smiled on the boy last Friday when Pakistan's Ajoka Theatre group arrived in Faridkot for a performance where officials of the district administration were also present. They sought the help of Ajoka Theatre's director and actress Madiha Gohar to trace the boy's family.\"I talked to Kashif and got his address and a telephone number. But that number was not functioning. Then I came back to Pakistan and straight went to his village and contacted his family at Peer Hayat,\" Madiha told TOI over phone from Pakistan.Madiha, a human rights activist, also moved the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan to ensure the return of Kashif. The rights panel has sent Kashif's case to Pakistan high commission in India and Madiha expressed hope that the boy would reunite with his mother Kulsoom Bibi and family members soon.Shahbaz Ahmad, brother-in-law of the boy, told TOI over phone that Kashif was not good at studies and used to bunk classes to watch Bollywood movies. \"He is crazy about Ajay Devgn and wanted to go to Bollywood to meet him,\" Shahbaz said.Kashif's father Mohammad Zaffar had died 12 years ago and his elder brother is a farm labourer.Worried over her son's Bollywood craze, Kulsoom Bibi sent Kashif to a madrassa in Lahore. \"But Kashif was unhappy there and would often run away and reach home,\" said Shahbaz.In September 2011, Kulsoom was taking her son to the Lahore madrassa by bus when he got down from the vehicle and ran away. \"Since then, there was no information about him till Madiha Gohar came to us with the happy news,\" said Shahbaz.\"I am very happy that Kashif is safe and hope that he will be back soon with us,\" said Kulsoom over phone.Ravi Bhagat, deputy commissioner, Faridkot, said Kashif will be meeting the officials of Pakistan High Commission on Friday at Amritsar central jail. \"It should not take more than a week for his release as all formalities will be completed in a day or two,\" he added. But Kashif will return home without fulfilling his dream of meeting Ajay Devgn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581166", "title": "Monsoon retreats from Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: After withdrawing from Rajasthan and Gujarat, the southwest monsoon has started retreating from Madhya Pradesh. The moisture in the air, a primary sign of monsoon being active, has been disappearing consistently from skies over some parts of western and northern Madhya Pradesh, including Ratlam, Guna, Gwalior and adjoining areas.Depending on conditions, withdrawal process would now gradually take place in Indore, Bhopal, Hoshangabad, Jabalpur and remaining divisions of the state, weather office said.\"The southwest monsoon from the Bay of Bengal begins withdrawing from northwest parts of the country that includes, Rajasthan and Gujarat. And subsequently it covers the other states, including Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh ,\" said meteorologist ER Chintalu.Primarily there are two signs of withdrawal of monsoon. It includes clearing of moisture from air and changed wind direction. While the moisture has already started getting clear, the wind direction that is generally south westerly during monsoon has also changed to northerly in the state. The dry wind during the evening and night is the indication of changed wind directions, the weatherman added.However, possibility of thundershowers is still not ruled out completely till the monsoon is over and there is no presence of moisture in the atmosphere. The officials of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle, said thundery conditions may develop due to localised conditions.Monsoon generally withdraws from the entire state by October 15. Whereas, the official date of withdrawal of monsoon from Bhopal is October 1. Last year, the withdrawal of monsoon from the city was declared on September 28 while this year it is expected to withdraw within a week's time, the weathermen added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "16582371", "title": "Nine injured in Trinamool, CPM clash", "text": "NADIA: A clash between Trinamool Congress workers and those of the CPM late on Wednesday night left nine people injured at Narayanpur Methopara under Haringhata police station in Nadia. Police, apart from arresting a few in this connection, have set up a police picket to stop any further clashes in the area.It is learnt that CPM workers had planned to launch an attack on a group of Trinamool men who gather at a local club at Narayanpur regularly. When these Trinamool supporters got a tip on the planned attack, they fled the club and took shelter at comrades Samshur Mondal and Ambar Ali Mondal's houses.However, the CPM workers got a hint of the hideout and attacked these two houses, thus resulting in a clash. \"There were about 20persons of Trinamool who were attacked by about 30 CPM activists,\" local panchayet Pradhan Goutam Kirtaniya said.Six Trinamool supporters and three CPM men were injured. Police rushed to the spot after being informed. Two cops were also injured in the brick-batting and a police vehicle was damaged, too.The injured persons were rushed to Kalyani JNM Hospital.Ex-minister and local CPM leader Bankim Ghosh alleged that Trinamool supporters launched an attack on men from his party when they protested against the corruption in 100-days work. On the other hand, Trinamool's zilla parishad member Chanchal Debnath said, \"CPM is trying to create terror in the area before panchayat election.Confirming the clash, a senior police officer said, \"A few persons have been detained following the clash.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586457", "title": "Kranti Veera ticket prices to rise", "text": "Kannada film fans may have to pay something extra for the tickets to view the most awaited film 'Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna' starring 'Challenging' Star Darshan. The costliest ever film made in Kannada is being produced by Anand Appugol and directed by Naganna.The film's distributor HD Gangaraj who is returning to film direction after a gap of nearly five years since the release of the film Sivaji said that the increase in ticket rates will be there for just a week, so as to mobilise more share for the producers. He said that the people who are prepared to pay twice the ticket amount or even more for purchasing the ticket in black will not mind this additional burden on them to view the film in the first week itself.\"The film will be releasing on October 12,\" declared Anand Appugol in a press meet.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16582853", "title": "Bauxite mining trips on blockade", "text": "KORAPUT: Villagers in Rayagada's Kashipur block continued to obstruct the road leading to the mines of Utkal Alumina International Limited (UAIL) for the fifth consecutive day on Thursday demanding development of the area.Sources said tribals have detained six heavy vehicles of the company at Kupakhal since Monday and have erected four temporary check posts at Kebidi, Maligaon, Karanj Kuphakhal and Dutrapas to stop company officials and vehicles from going to the mines.The company has decided to transport bauxite from the mines to the refinery on trucks because the conveyor belt is yet to be functional.\"Though the company had promised to develop the area, it has done nothing. We demand all round development of the area and jobs to the local unemployed youths in the company. We will not lift the blockades till our demands are fulfilled,\" said Gnusnidhi Bagho, an anti-mining agitator of Kupakhal.The protestors are demanding pucca roads and safe drinking water in villages, establishment of an Industrial Training Institute, hospitals and unemployment allowance to families affected by the company. \"We are determined to ensure development of our area. The company will earn crores by using our land, forest and water. In return, we want to ensure our development,\" another protestor said.Tension is palpable in the area and the situation will aggravate if the impasse is not solved at the earliest.In May, agitators had assualted the former chief executivbe offier of UAIL during a similar blockade at Kuphakhal. While company officials were unavailable for comments, police said the company officials are in talks with the agitators for a solution.Superintendent of police (Rayagada) Rajesh Pandit said, \"Presently, the situation is under control and we are closely monitoring the situation. No violence has been reported.\"The UAIL has set up a 4.5 million tonne per annum bauxite mining plant at Baphlimali hills and a 1.5 million TPA alumina refinery at Doragurah in Kashipur block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586504", "title": "Common HIV drug may damage brain", "text": "A commonly prescribed anti-retroviral drug that is used long term by patients infected with HIV may contribute to cognitive impairment by damaging nerve cells, a new Johns Hopkins study has suggested.Nearly 50 percent of people infected with HIV will eventually develop some form of brain damage that, while mild, can affect the ability to drive, work or participate in many daily activities. It has long been assumed that the disease was causing the damage, but Hopkins researchers say the drug efavirenz may play a key role.People infected with HIV typically take a cocktail of medications to suppress the virus, and many will take the drugs for decades. Efavirenz is known to be very good at controlling the virus and is one of the few that crosses the blood-brain barrier and can target potential reservoirs of virus in the brain.Doctors have long believed that it might be possible to alleviate cognitive impairment associated with HIV by getting more drugs into the brain, but researchers say more caution is needed because there may be long-term effects of these drugs on the brain.\"People with HIV infections can't stop taking anti-retroviral drugs. We know what happens then and it''s not good. But we need to be very careful about the types of anti-retrovirals we prescribe, and take a closer look at their long-term effects. Drug toxicities could be a major contributing factor to cognitive impairment in patients with HIV,\" said Norman J. Haughey, Ph.D., an associate professor of neurology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.For the study led by Haughey, researchers obtained samples of blood and cerebrospinal fluid from HIV-infected subjects enrolled in the NorthEastern AIDS Dementia study who were taking efavirenz.Researchers looked for levels of the drug and its various metabolites, which are substances created when efavirenz is broken down by the liver. Performing experiments on neurons cultured in the lab, the investigators examined the effects of 8-hydroxyefavirenz and other metabolites and found major structural changes when using low levels of 8-hydroxyefavirenz, including the loss of the important spines of the cells.Haughey and his colleagues found that 8-hydroxyefavirenz is 10 times more toxic to brain cells than the drug itself and, even in low concentrations, causes damage to the dendritic spines of neurons. The dendritic spine is the information processing point of a neuron, where synapses \u2014 the structures that allow communication among brain cells \u2014 are located.In the case of efavirenz, a minor modification in the drug's structure may be able block its toxic effects but not alter its ability to suppress the virus. Namandje N. Bumpus, Ph.D., one of the study's other authors, has found a way to modify the drug to prevent it from metabolizing into 8-hydroxyefavirenz while maintaining its effectiveness as a tool to suppress the HIV virus.\"Finding and stating a problem is one thing, but it''s another to be able to say we have found this problem and here is an easy fix,\" Haughey said.Haughey said studies like his serve as a reminder that while people infected with HIV are living longer than they were 20 years ago, there are significant problems associated with the drugs used to treat the infection.\"Some people do seem to have this attitude that HIV is no longer a death sentence. But even with anti-retroviral treatments, people infected with HIV have shortened lifespans and the chance of cognitive decline is high. It''s nothing you should treat lightly,\" he said.The study has been described online in the Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581564", "title": "Noise levels exceed permissible limits", "text": "PUNE: The city and its outskirts remain noisy during the ongoing Ganapati festival with sound levels at 20 locations much higher than the permissible limits. The problem is likely to aggravate with immersion procession on September 29.The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) found that Navi Sangvi (Krushna chowk) recorded the highest 100.3 decibel noise between 9 pm and 10 pm on September 25 whereas the permissible limit is 65 decibel. The other higher recordings were from Shivajinagar (90.3 decibel between 8 pm and 9 pm) and 93.9 in Bhosari Gaothan from 8 to 9 pm on September 25. At Shastrinagar in Pimpri, the noise level was recorded at 92.8 between 7 pm and 8 pm on September 25.The noise monitoring by the MPCB has been outsourced to Ashwamedha engineers who will register the recordings during peak hours from September 18 to 29. Late night between 10 pm and 11 pm the noise level recorded in Navi Sangvi (Krushna Chowk) was as high as 98.2 decibel and between 11 pm and midnight it was 96.8 decibel. The level ranged between 70 decibel and 85 decibel from 6 pm to midnight from September 19 onwards. In Swargate (Tilak Road) it went up to 98.1 decibel between 11 pm and midnight on September 23. On September 25, the level in few places crossed 90 decibel.Kalyani Mandke, a city-based consultant audiologist, said that noise levels above 85 decibel are harmful for humans. After 48 hours of exposure to loud noises during Ganesh festival, people come with complains like blockage in ear, threshold of hearing going down temporarily and ringing sound in the ear.According to Mandke, traditional instruments used during Ganesh festival generate significantly louder sound and may be more injurious to health. Dhol generates low frequencies, and low frequencies always give a volume, though on intensity scale the level may not be very high, but psychological percept of this sound will be very loud. \"Low frequencies are actually transmitted into human body more easily, and would create more harm to the human body. The person who plays this instrument ties the dhol on his waist so the maximum sound energy gets transmitted into a human body. Others who are passing by this dhol player also get affected. People often feel vibrations in the chest, which implies that our lungs vibrate with these external sound sources. Vibrations of organs, and soft tissues are certainly injurious to the human body,'' she said.\"We do not realise the immediate effect of noise pollution, unlike air and water pollutions. We need to understand that certain frequencies are injurious to health. Somewhere we need to change the celebration style,'' she added.Sumaira Abdulali, convenor of Awaaz Foundation said that there were indications that noise level will go up on the last day of the festival. The 100.3 decibel noise level recorded in Pune is quite high, she said.Recently, Abdulali had written a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan stating that the state government's decision to allow playing of traditional musical instruments beyond midnight on immersion day was against Supreme Court directives and has demanded its immediate withdrawal.In her letter Abdulali said: \"A Supreme Court order dated July 17, 2005, states that no one shall beat a drum or tom-tom or blow a trumpet or play any instrument or use any sound amplifier at night [between 10 pm and 6 am] except during public emergencies. In a subsequent order on October 2005, norms were relaxed allowing loudspeakers for two hours beyond the 10 pm deadline on 15 days in a year.''BOXThe 20 locations monitored1 Shivajinagar (Sakhar Sankul)2 Karve Road (Nal stop)3 Swargate (Tilak Road)4 Satara Road (Balaji Nagar)5 Shaniwar Peth (Shaniwarwada)6 Yerawada (near Gunjan Theatre)7 Laxmi Road (Shagun Chowk)8 Kothrud (near Shivaji Putala)9 Mahatma Phule Mandai (near Mandai)10 Sarusbaug ( Mitra Mandal Chowk)11 Hadapsar (near Bhaji Mandai)12 Parvati13 Koregaon Park14 Khadaki (Near Bazaar)15 M G Road (Babajan Chowk)16 Chapekar Chowk (Chinchwadgaon)17 Pimpri (Shastrinagar)18 Thergaon (Dange Chowk)19 Navi Sangvi (Krushna Chowk)20 Bhosari Gavthan** Stipulated sound limitResidential - 55 decibel (before 10 pm), 45 decibel (after 10 pm)Commercial - 65 decibel (before 10 pm), 55 decibel (after 10 pm)Silent zone - 50 decibel (before 10 pm), 40 decibel (after 10 pm).ends/dipa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583628", "title": "Blackstone 'Shivling' found at Mahishi", "text": "PATNA: People at Mahishi village in Saharsa district are in a festive-like mood following the discovery of a Blackstone 'Shivling'-type structure barely one-km away from 'Ugratara' temple on Sunday evening.According to an eyewitness, the villagers, while digging earth in a resettlement colony for Mahadalits, suddenly stumbled on the one-feet-long Blackstone structure. The news about discovery of 'Shivling' spread like a wildfire in the adjoining areas.\"Within 24 hours, local people started collecting donations and built a brick structure to install the 'Shivling'. A large number of people have already offered puja at the site. A round-the-clock 'kirtan' and 'bhajan' programme is still going on,\" said a local resident, Amit Anand.Mahishi takes pride in being the birthplace of legendary 8th century scholar and philosopher Pandit Mandan Mishra. He along with wife Bharati made precious contribution to Indian philosophy. It is said that Mandan was the senior contemporary of Adi Sankaracharya. People from various states, particularly those in South India, come to the place to salute the scholar, said one of the villagers.Villagers say that Mahishi has witnessed the discovery of a large number of antiquities, including potteries, in recent years. \"This entire region needs to be thoroughly explored to find out its cultural sequence. Mahishi is one of the famous seats of Shaktipeeth,\" Anand, who has done research about, this region told TOI.Quoting experts' opinion, Anand said this Blackstone structure may belong to the Pala period. Immediately after this discovery, the villagers informed the state directorate of archaeology about it to establish its age and importance. The state directorate is yet to make any comment before spot verification.CM Nitish Kumar , during his three-day 'Seva Yatra' in December last year, had visited Ugratara Mandir at Mahishi. During the visit, he had directed officials to prepare a detailed report for the proper development of the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582106", "title": "GSPCB opposes plea to unload coal shipment at MPT berths", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) on Thursday filed an affidavit before the high court of Bombay at Goa opposing a petition filed by a leading sponge iron manufacturer seeking permission from the court to unload its coal shipment at berths 10 and 11 at the Mormugao Port Trust (MPT).The petition filed by Shradha Ispat pvt ltd came up for hearing before a division bench comprising Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice U V Bakre. The high court has adjourned the hearing of the petition to September 28 for passing a final order in the matter. The plea is filed in the wake of a GSPCB order passed on September 24 directing MPT to stop coal and coke handling at berths 10 and 11.While pointing out that pollution control measures at berths 10 and 11 are not adequate, GSPCB in its affidavit pointed out that MPT is continues violating its pervious order. GSPCB also said that when MPT consent to operate is revoked and questioned as to how MPT can allow unloading the coal and coke carrying ship at berth no 10 and 11.The petitioner's case is that while the orders of the GSPCB were issued on September 24, the petitioner's ship left a South Africa harbour on September 17. They have also pointed out that the orders were communicated by GSPCB to MPT on September 25.As the ship has arrived with the ore, the petitioners have sought permission of the court to unload the ore at berths 10 and 11. It has been pointed out that the petitioners are suffering losses as they have to pay the demmurage charges for delay in unloading the ship.While opposing the plea, advocate Norma Alvares argued that the recent GSPCB order would stand violated if the petitioners are allowed to unload the ore at berths 10 and 11. She however suggested that MPT could consider allowing unloading the ore at berth no 5A and 6A.MPT's advocate clarified that the berth nos 5A and 6A are leased out by MPT to private operators, namely South West Port Ltd (SWPL) and the suggestion does not seem feasible.The Bench thereafter adjourned further hearing to the afternoon session and directed SWPL to remain present before the court to answer its queries.Accordingly, during the afternoon session, SWPL representative appeared before the court and told the court that it does not have space at its berth no 5A and 6A for accommodating the request of the petitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16581406", "title": "20 Telangana activists arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Taking no chances with security, police on Thursday took 20 persons, including women and children, belonging to the families of Telangana martyrs, who went to meet CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy at his camp office, into custody. Among those picked up includes women and children.Over 20 members went to the camp office to request the CM to give permission for the 'Chalo Hyderabad' protest march, but police took them into custody and shifted them to the SR Nagar police station.The family members of people who committed suicide for the Telangana cause went to the CM's camp office and sought an appointment with the CM, but it was denied. When they pressed for an appointment, the Punjagutta police took them first to Banjara Hills and subsequently to SR Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "16583301", "title": "'With time, India will accept mercy killing'", "text": "DAVANAGERE: H B Karibasamma is hopeful that India will make euthanasia legal, like in some countries in the West.The 73-year-old retired primary school teacher who has been suffering from various health problems for the past 14 years had written to the President and Prime Minister seeking permission for euthanasia. However, on Wednesday the high court rejected her plea based on reports by neurosurgical and psychiatric experts from Nimhans that she does not suffer any pain or severe ailment.\"As a retired teacher I manage with my pension. But others who are poor and do not have money should not suffer like me. How will they cope if they are poor?\" she asks.She recently collected over 1,500 euthanasia supporting letters from retired state government employees, and another 10,000 letters from people from other walks of life. \"My 14-year struggle for this new law may become fruitful in the future with these letters,\" she contended.\"From my childhood I used to read newspapers regularly and articles on euthanasia intrigued me. This prompted me to take the step,\" Karibasamma recalled.\"Let the government open mercy killing units (euthanasia) at all the government hospitals on a par with ICU,\" is her suggestion.Based on the clinical diagnosis, pain, severity of the disease or suffering, doctors should recommend euthanasia to the court in the presence of a committee headed by the DC, police, DHO, retired judge, lawyer,\" Karibasamma suggested.\"If thought out properly and the grey areas are covered, this law can't be misused,\" she contends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16581655", "title": "NCL scientist wins Bhatnagar award", "text": "PUNE: Gangadhar J Sanjayan, a scientist at the National Chemical Laboratory (NCL) in Pune, has been selected for the prestigious Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar award 2012.Sanjayan is associated with the organic chemistry division of the NCL and leads a research group engrossed in the design and development of diversely functionalised synthetic protein structures. Sanjayan is among the 11 scientists in the country who will receive this award in the field of science and technology.The winners were announced on Wednesday by Samir K Brahmachari, director general of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR). The prize is named after the founder director general of CSIR and carries Rs 5 lakh cash. It is given annually to young scientists below the age of 45 who have made outstanding contributions in any field of science and technology.Sanjayan said, \"It is a dream of every scientist in the country to win this award. I'm happy to achieve it.\"Sanjayan completed his post-doctoral studies from the University of Oxford under the mentorship of George W. J. Fleet in 1998 and is since associated with the NCL. Sanjayan's research group has pioneered the development of diverse classes of synthetic protein scaffolds which has the potential to intervene protein to protein interactions.Through his research on peptides (a compound containing two or more amino acids), Sanjayan is targeting development of peptide-based drugs to cure brain and heart diseases. He said, \"Our ultimate aim is to transfer technology and take laboratory-based study to develop products that will benefit the common man.\"Artificial protein mimetics, adopting specific compact conformations mimicking the native peptides / proteins, have a wide range of potential applications in the area of biomedical science.Sanjayan is also recipient of several awards and recognitions including CDRI Award 2011 for 'Excellence in Drug Research' (Chemical Science).He has published over forty research papers in international peer-reviewed journals. Four students have completed their PhD under his guidance and presently fourteen students are working for doctoral degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16583940", "title": "Pay subsidy to customers directly: LPG distributors", "text": "INDORE: The LPG distributors in the state have demanded that they should be allowed by the central government to have uniform price for the refills for the domestic supply. Also, they have suggested for sending the subsidy amount directly into the bank account of the customers as they find it difficult to maintain three different categories of accounts for their customers.Also, they have decided to go on strike since October 01 in case their demand was not paid heed by the government by that time. It means that they have threatened to stop deliveries of LPG cylinders at the doorstep and also they may stop booking for the same and rather would ask their customers to collect the refills from their godowns.Talking to ToI, Suraj Cairo, president LPG Distributors Federation of MP, said, \"\"We are a confused lot after the government's decision to cap the supply of domestic LPG refills (14.2 kg) to 6 a year at subsidised rate of Rs 449.5 per unit and charge Rs 863 for every additional refill. In case of exempted category comprising government hospitals, jail and others, the price per unit of cylinder will be Rs 1023, whereas the commercial price of the cylinder (19 kg) will come at Rs 1494.5. So, it will become a difficult task for us to maintain different accounts for our customers, stock, register and other jobs, which will simply complicate our work and hence our demand.\"There are 40 dealers in Indore alone, whereas the consumption for domestic LPG cylinders stands currently at 5.5 lakh per month and the number of domestic consumers was at 7 lakh in the city.Mahendra Sisodiya, an Indane LPG distributor in Indore, said, \"We are faced with a host of problems due to the dual pricing and hence we don't want to take this problem anymore.\"Kamruddin Amir, a local distributor for Bharat Petroleum LPG, said, \"We will not be able to supply cylinders to the customers' end at the subsidised rate in future in the existing system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582207", "title": "Infant's body found in KSRTC bus", "text": "BANGALORE: The body of a five-month-old baby girl was found in the cargo section of a KSRTC bus parked on Tank Bund Road, near Majestic, on Tuesday. The child was left bundled in a baby bed in a carton.The last man to alight from the bus, late on Tuesday, found it strange that a bundle had been left behind in the rack. He peered in, saw the body and raised an alarm.Investigations revealed that the KSRTC bus first came to Kempe Gowda station in Majestic from Kunigal, then left for Hosur on its onward journey before returning to the city.\"We are unable to find who left the baby in the carton. We are yet to ascertain whether the baby is from Kunigal or Hosur, the route the bus took. The body has been kept in Victoria Hospital morgue, and we are waiting for claimants. But one thing is sure, nobody will come forward to claim the body,\" said a police officer.Inspector DH Virupakshappa said police are still trying to seek answers from the bus crew, who did not notice the bundle being dumped in the undercarriage of the bus, during the Kunigal-Bangalore-Hosur journey, and back to Bangalore, as the bus was crowded.\"The staff did not personally supervise the loading and unloading of luggage, the passengers themselves did the job,\" he said, adding that the bus staff had no clue about the infant.Upparpet police filed a case under section 318 (concealment of birth by secret disposal of dead body) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16582902", "title": "Elephant herd runs amok in Koraput villages", "text": "KORAPUT: A herd of eight elephants, including three calves, damaged houses and standing crops over several acres of agricultural land in at least two villages in the district.The marauding herd had razed at least four houses in Paraja Limica and destroyed large tracts of agricultural land in Pakhandola till Thursday.\"With the jumbos staying put on hilltops during the day and entering villagers after sundown, we are virtually spending sleepless nights,\" said Bhagabati Goudo of Pakhandola village, which consists of 43 households.Fearing further attack, many people deserted the village on Wednesday evening and spent the night on a hilltop. \"As the elephants enter the village in the evening, we left our homes and took shelter on a neighbouring hill. The elephants have completely destroyed our agricultural land,\" said villager Bhima Gouda.The villagers alleged inaction by forest officials to alleviate the jumbo menace. \"We have informed them, but nobody has come to help us. The forest officials said just as we are afraid of the animals, so are they,\" said a villager from Paraja Limica. \"We may be forced to attack the animals to save our lives. If they are harmed in the process, we should not be held responsible,\" he added. Except for bursting a few crackers, the forest department has not done anything to drive away the animals, villagers complained.After four houses were damaged by the elephants at the village on Tuesday, scared villagers spent the night at the village school.When contacted, Koraput forest range officer Ranjan Mohanty said, \"This herd of elephants has strayed into the area from Kalahandi district's Karlapat sanctuary. Our officials are keeping a constant watch on their movement and are trying to keep the animals away from the villages. We have also told villagers not to bother the animals. Damage of the agricultural land will be assessed and compensation will be paid.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582413", "title": "Bengal government won't shut down retail chains", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government tabled a resolution in the assembly on Thursday opposing \"unilateral domestic and foreign investment in retail trade\".But like the erstwhile Left Front government that protested loudly against retail chains but allowed Spencer's, Big Bazaar, Pantaloons, More and Reliance Fresh to open multiple outlets, the Trinamool, too, seems high on words and silent on action.\"Yes, it figures in our resolution. But at this moment, we will do nothing on the issue of licenses. Existing stores in the state set up under brand names such as Big Bazaar, Spencer's and More would be allowed to function and won't be affected,\" said industries minister Partha Chatterjee.A senior Trinamool leader later clarified that the resolution was aimed to \"expose the CPM double-speak\". Mamata carried the logic forward, saying: \"CPM is distorting facts. They make such din about imperialism but who allowed Metro Cash &amp; Carry to set up shop in Bengal?\"Mamata said that with the FDI resolution Bengal is \"showing the way and the entire country is waking up to the truth on FDI in multi-brand retail\".She reiterated that Trinamool has always spoken in one voice. Her statement came in reaction to Congress legislative party leader Mohammad Sohrab comment that Trinamool had advocated FDI in its 2009 election manifesto.As Mamata took on CPM, her party colleagues Chatterjee, finance minister Amit Mitra and MLA Rajiv Banerjee focused more on the implications of FDI in the state.Chatterjee pointed out that the number of people engaged in retail trade in Bengal was second only to agriculture and they would be hit the most by multi-brand retail FDI.Mitra and Banerjee spoke on the impact of hyper-markets and FDI in other countries.However, the Trinamool leaders \u2014 Mamata included \u2014 were silent on why they were opposing domestic investment in retail trade.The resolution was passed on Thursday. The Left walked out because its proposed amendments were not included. The Congress voted against the resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583578", "title": "HC asks PMC to submit final report on Oct 8", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday directed the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) to submit a final report on desiltation of manholes and catchpits, cleaning of drains and removal of garbage on October 8.A division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh issued the directive while hearing a PIL of Sunil Kumar. The court added the PMC and other civic agencies of the state government should also frame a comprehensive plan for vastly improved underground drainage system in the state capital.Additional advocate general Lalit Kishore submitted that the state government has mooted a proposal for hiring services of a private agency to carry out a survey of underground drains in the city for taking steps for strengthening the drainage system. He submitted a progress report of the PMC regarding the cleaning work. He submitted that garbage bins were being procured from Odisha for placing them in different localities.A lawyer S N Pathak submitted that after the court order, the situation in Hanuman Nagar locality at Kankarbagh had improved. Another lawyer Vivek Prasad submitted that the underground drainage of Patliputra Colony needed to be strengthened and linked with storm drainage system leading to Rajapur treatment plant.Listing of cases: The president of the Coordination Committee of the three associations of lawyers of Patna high court, Yogesh Chandra Verma, on Thursday demanded rectification of the complications in the computer system of the HC for improvement in listing of cases in the court's daily cause list.Verma said the font size of the print of the daily cause list needed to be enlarged, so that it could be read easily. Delivery of the daily cause list at the residences of lawyers latest by 6.30am was imperative, he said.He expressed happiness at the state government providing the HC one bigha of land adjacent to LN Mishra Institute, which would be used to construct a five-storied buildings for lawyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582423", "title": "BSY loyalists put pressure to make him party chief", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after the BJP high command explored the option of a non-Lingayat to head the party in Karnataka, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa upped the ante on Thursday to consider him for the post.Ministers and MLAs loyal to him held a meeting at the residence of public works department minister CM Udasi's residence and resolved to demand the post be given to him. Ministers V Somanna, Basavaraj Bommai, MP Renukacharya, Umesh V Katti and Kota Srinivas Poojary attended the meeting and decided to apprise the party's national leaders in Delhi about the need to make Yeddyurappa the chief ahead of the assembly elections.Yeddyurappa will kick off a state tour on Oct. 2 and end on Nov. 19 in Davanagere to assess the mood of the people.In an effort to give adequate representation to other communities, BJP leaders are on the look-out for a Vokkaliga, Brahmin or Dalit to succeed KS Eshwarappa.Eshwarappa and team on Wednesday suggested six names -- Prahalad Joshi and Visvesvara Hedge Kageri (both Brahmins); Nalin Kumar Kateel (Bunt); R Ashoka and CT Ravi (both Vokkaligas) and Govind M Karjol and A Narayanaswamy (both Dalits).BSY loyalists asked chief minister Jagadish Shettar to join them and press for the former CM's case as they said Yeddyurappa had made Shettar the CM much against the wishes of the high command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16580741", "title": "Eye screening camps for schoolchildren", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad district administration will conduct eye screening camps for schoolchildren, in the age group of six to 14 years, across the city between October 29 and November 26.On Thursday, Hyderabad collector Syed Ali Murtuza Rizvi convened a meeting with officials of the education, medical and health department over organising of the eye screening camps at 807 government schools, 1,144 aided schools and 249 madarsas in the city.Speaking on the occasion, Rizvi said one-day training would be conducted for teachers on the screening process. In the first phase, preliminary screening would be conducted to check whether children were facing any eye problems. In the second phase, treatment would be given to identified children and in the third phase, operations would be performed at a special camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16582179", "title": "Trucker trouble: Group, owners fight over 'fee'", "text": "MARGAO: A scramble among the truck owners to obtain registration forms issued by the state directorate of mines and geology led to some tense moments at the office of the South Goa progressive truck owners' association at Curchorem on Wednesday.Allegations flew thick and fast that the association was selling the forms to truck owners which were actually to be distributed free of cost. The situation came to such a pass that the agitated truck owners forced the office bearers of the association to down its shutters.What particularly pitted the truck owners against the association was that the former were forced to register themselves as members by the latter before issuing them the forms issued by the directorate of mines and geology.\"When I went to the office to get a registration form issued by the government, I was told to pay the membership registration fees of 100 and an additional 400 per truck. That means, if one has four trucks, he is forced to pay up 1600. When I asked them the reason for charging 400 per truck, they had no sensible answer. This raised my temper and I protested. Other truck owners joined me and demanded an explanation from the office bearers for extorting money from those who are already reeling under the bleak prospects of the mining industry,\" Vishal Naik, a truck owner from Sanvordem, told TOI.Treasurer of the South Goa progressive truck owners' association Cajetan Fernandes, when contacted, admitted that the truck owners approaching them to collect the forms are \"requested\" to join the association as members by paying the fee of 100. \"As regards the charges of 400 per truck, one has to understand that the association needs money to fight for the cause of its members. If, say, we have to move a court on behalf of our members, where will the money come from? It is precisely to shore up our coffers for the benefit of our members that we are requesting them to contribute 400 per truck which will be a one-time fee,\" Fernandes told TOI.The directorate of mines and geology has issued the registration forms to truck owners so as to enable it to prepare a database of those involved in the mining transportation business. Sources said that such a database will facilitate the government to assess the financial implications of any relief package that the government may consider to grant for distressed truck owners owing to suspended mining operations in the state.Director of mines and geology Prasanna Acharya , when contacted, said that the forms have been uploaded on the department's website and any interested truck owner can download the form. \"In order to ensure that the forms are not sold by anybody, we have inserted a 'not for sale' watermark on the forms. Filled-in forms can be handed over by the truck owners to the mines department either through the truck owners' association or the respective MLAs,\" Acharya told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581503", "title": "Nagpur's IAC October 1 meet to decide over joining hands with Kejriwal", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur chapter of India Against Corruption (IAC) will be meeting on October 1 to take a decision over joining the political party slated to be floated by Arvind Kejariwal on October 2. But the decision will be ratified only on October 8.While city coordinator Ajay Sanghi favours non politicization of the movement, an opposite trend is seen among the volunteers who seem to be inclined to support the political offshoot of the movement.\"IAC should only be a movement and not provide any political alternative. Reason is that once you lose the 'andolankari' intention many problems arise and things can go off the track,\" Sanghi said.But many of the volunteers seem to be thinking otherwise. \"I think political party should be made. The government is not listening and how many times will the 'andolan' be repeated?\" said Ambarish Savarkar, IAC volunteer. He said that a political party will have a deeper impact on policy making.On similar lines but also asserting the importance of the movement, Sonu Fating said that there was a need for both. \"A simultaneous pressure, both from inside the Parliament and from outside with a strong movement will exert greater pressure on the government,\" he said.He further added that the government had earlier challenged the movement to stand for elections and get elected. \"So we should do that, and try to influence the policy making in ways which will reduce corruption,\" Fating said.Attributing the difference of opinion over need for a political wing to generation gap, another IAC volunteer Neha Urade said, \"It is not that Kejariwal sir or Annaji are right or wrong. Both have different ways of thinking and that is why they have a different approach.\" Supporting the idea of having a political arm to the movement, Neha said that it would turn out to be a more institutionalized and disciplined front which will fight corruption by staying within the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16581015", "title": "Royal family priest dies", "text": "VADODARA: A priest of the royal family died while performing puja at Laxmi Vilas Palace after suffering from massive heart attack on Thursday morning. Narayandutt Vyas (43) was performing puja in Devghar inside the palace.The puja is done everyday before performing aarti for Lord Ganesha during Ganpati festival in Durbar Hall. Sources in the palace said Narayandutt performed the puja and suddenly collapsed.\"He fell on the floor and got unconscious. He was rushed to Maharani Shantadevi Hospital immediately, but the doctors there declared him brought dead,\" sources said. Narayandutt is nephew of royal priest Dhruvdutt Vyas. He was offering his services to the royal family for last 15 years under guidance of Dhruvdutt.Sources said the royal family brought in another priest to complete the puja and aarti as Dhruvdutt won't be able to perform religious functions for the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16582984", "title": "Special system to monitor orphanages", "text": "KANNUR: The Kannur district panchayat has decided to set up a special system to monitor the functioning of orphanages, destitute homes and old homes in the district in the wake of sexual harassment of minor girls in Peralassery Orphanage here.A meeting of the district panchayat held on Thursday also unanimously passed a resolution asserting the need for a monitoring system by the local bodies to ensure that the orphanages are functioning in a transparent manner.\"Since it has been found that there are issues with the functioning of some of the orphanages and destitute homes, we have decided to conduct inspection in these institutions, and if we notice any issues we would immediately ask the social welfare department and the officials concerned to take immediate action against the institutions,\" said district panchayat president K A Sarala.She also said the functioning of the district-level orphanage monitoring cell, constituted by the state government, would be strengthened.Meanwhile, the women's commission would also conduct surprise visits to the orphanages in the state following the incident of sexual harassment.The district panchayat meeting has also urged the Gas Authority of India to suspend the natural gas pipeline project between Mangalore and Kochi, as there is concern that it would adversely affect the agriculture sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581261", "title": "Govt to bring essential medicines under price control", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will, for the first time, put a cap on the maximum price at which essential drugs, like some commonly used anti-AIDS and anti-cancer drugs, besides a horde of painkillers, anti-TB drugs, sedatives, lipid lowering agents and steroids, can be sold in the country.In a landmark decision, a group of ministers (GoM) headed by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Thursday cleared the proposal to bring all 348 drugs on the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM) under price control. These drugs, with annual sales of around Rs 29,000 crore, account for about 60% of the domestic market.Once these essential medicines are brought under Drug Price Control Order (DPCO), it cannot be sold at a price higher than that fixed by the government.The GoM, which included health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , decided on a \"weighted average price formula\". This means the average price of all the brands sold in individual segments with a minimum market share of 1% will be the maximum retail price now.The GoM will send its recommendations to the Cabinet within a week for approval. \"The proposal will now go to the Cabinet which will take the final view,\" Pawar said.Prices rose 40% in 10 yearsAt present, the government, through the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), controls prices of 74 bulk drugs and their formulations. Drug prices have shot up phenomenally in India over the past decade and a half. There was a nearly 40% rise in all drug prices between 1996 and 2006. However, during the same period, the price of controlled drugs rose by 0.02%, while those in the Essential Drug List (EDL) increased by 15%. The price of drugs that were neither under price control nor under the EDL grew by 137%.Interestingly, experts say there could a small downside to the proposal. \"Price of costly drugs will definitely come down. But because the formula will put a cap on the MRP, the price of drugs for the same ailment, which are presently sold at a lower price, will go up,\" experts said.Minister of state for chemicals and fertilizers Srikant Jena said, \"The GoM arrived at a consensus on the option which entails the use of weighted average prices for all the drugs which have a market-share of more than 1%.\"The concept of essential medicines, first introduced by the World Health Organization in 1977, has been adopted by many countries including India.The list includes the most cost-effective medicines for a particular indication. Essential medicines are those that satisfy the priority healthcare needs of the majority of the population. The list is specific to India and addresses the disease burden of the nation besides being the commonly used medicines at primary, secondary and tertiary healthcare levels.The latest NLEM 2011 has 348 medicines which cover 489 formulations, including 16 fixed dose combinations. These drugs are considered to be adequate to meet the common contemporary health needs of the general population of the country.A Planning Commission panel had suggested that all drugs on the NLEM should be brought under price control since the cost of medicines constitutes over 60% of the total cost of healthcare of Indians. The commission's report had said, \"Taking advantage of lax regulations on drug pricing, the pharmaceutical industry has been able to reap high margins through complex price setting activities.\"It added, \"It has been observed that the price of a therapeutically similar drug could vary around 1,000% between the most expensive and the cheapest brands. The variation between the market and procurement price of similar drugs could range anywhere between 100% and 5,000%. The panel recommends price control on all formulations in the EDL.\"The report said direct price control should be applied to formulations rather than on basic drugs.A note prepared by the drug controller general of India and available with TOI says, \"A total of 348 medicines excluding repetitions are present in NLEM 2011. In NLEM 2011, 181 medicines fall under the category of primary, secondary and tertiary use, 106 medicines fall under category of secondary and tertiary use while 61 medicines are categorized as tertiary use only. In comparison to NLEM 2003, number of medicines deleted is 47 and 43 medicines have been added.\"It added, \"Out of the 348 medicines, 37 medicines are currently under prices control by National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority.\"Click here for the National List of Essential Medicines of India 2011 (pdf file).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581570", "title": "10 toy train services to roll out from tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: In a first during the monsoon, Central Railway (CR) will start the toy train service on the 3-km Aman Lodge-Matheran station stretch from September 29.Chetan Bakshi, commissioner of railway safety (Central circle) granted the clearance for 10 services (5 each in Up and Down directions) on Thursday. A total of 10 services will run between the two destinations (5 each in Up and down direction)Every year, the service remains suspended for four months between mid-June and mid-October during monsoon for safety reason.CR general manager Subodh Jain took special interest in introducing the service during monsoon. The train will run for the first time in monsoon in the 106-year old existence of Matheran Light Rail (MLR)\"The commencement of the service during monsoon will be a boon for the economy of the tiny hill station ,\" a senior official said. \"People will be able to ferry provisions by train from Aman Lodge that is near Dasturi Naka, the last motorable point before entering Matheran. It will be a boon for tourists, especially senior citizens,\" he added.The 8-coach train will have 2 first class, 4 second class coach and 1 SLR and 1 LR.According to officials, the train will run at a speed of 10 kmph from Matheran station to Aman Lodge and 12 kmph on its return journey. It will take 12 minutes for the rake to cover the distance between these two points.It takes over 30 minutes to cover the distance on foot. \"The coaches arespecially designed to resist pressure from the rear-end engine,\" an official said.Every year, the service remains suspended between mid-June and mid-October. \"Although the monsoon is on the retreat and there is only a fortnight left for the regular service to resume, the development still assumes significance,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16582053", "title": "DCP Raj Shri reluctant to take up Gurgaon job", "text": "GURGAON: IPS officer Dr Raj Shri Singh, who was recently appointed as Gurgaon DCP (traffic), has yet to take office. And there are chances that she may never take up the posting. She is currently on medical leave and has reportedly sought permission to be relieved from the Gurgaon transfer.Singh has cited \"family reasons\" for not joining the office. The 1999 batch IPS was posted as police chief of Mahendragarh before being transferred to Gurgaon. Singh said, \"My children live in Ganganagar. Coming to Gurgaon will disrupt my family life. I am on leave till coming Tuesday\". There are also reports of a new list of transfer orders being released this week, and Singh might be given respite. She just might get a transfer in the same zone.Singh had replaced Bharti Arora as DCP (traffic) on September 20. Arora's transfer has raised many questions as she was transferred just two days before of a crucial hearing in Punjab and Haryana high court against Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd ( DGSCL) on the decongestion issue on the expressway.Singh was awarded the President's Police Medal for meritorious services on August 15 this year. In the past, she had served at IRB Bhondsi from 2004 to 2009 - first as assistant commandant and then for four years as commandant of the first IRB Bhondsi. She was later transferred to Karnal as AIG (traffic) from 2009 to 2011 and later as SP Railways. Singh's last posting was in Mahendragrah where she served as district superintendent of police from June 2011. Singh is a native of Bhiwani district and holds a bachelor's degree in Ayurveda medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16569265", "title": "Hema Malini to receive doctorate from Singhania University", "text": "\"Never in my wildest dream did I think I'd one day be Dr Hema Malini ,\" says the Dream Girl who will be conferred with a Ph.d doctorate on Thursday (September 27) at the Singhania University , Udaipur.  For Hema, this is a double whammy after the stamp issued by the Norwegian government with her face on it. \"I keep asking myself, 'Why me?' Why all these honours for me when I haven't achieved anything much? When the Singhania University called me up to announce that they'd like to confer a doctorate on me I asked them why they had selected me. Honorary doctorates have been given to people like Lataji(Mangeshkar) and Amitji(Bachchan) who have influenced generations. What have I done? Then when they told me that the doctorate is given to those whose influence goes beyond their chosen profession I realized, haan maine bhi kuch kiya . My dancing,for example, has been a substantial extension of my chosen vocation. Today I am ready to embark on the Aurobindo Society's very noble Sarvam campaign as their brand ambassador. So yes, I do feel a sense of achievement.\"Hema would be at the Singhania University in Rajasthan on Thursday to receive the honour.So do now we call her Dr Hema Malini? She laughs, \"It should actually be Dr Chakravarty.That's my family surname. But my mother removed it when I joined films. She felt an artiste should not be identified with any community or region. I agree. She always dreamt of making me a doctor. Now I'll have a 'doctor' attached to my name, though in a different context. It still hasn't sunk in.\"About the Norwegian stamp the agless Dream Girl says, \"Who would think I'd have any impact so far away in Norway? There's a sizeable population of Indians in Norway. I was there recently for the 10 th Bollywood Festival. That's when I came to know that a stamp is being issued with my face on it. Again there's a sense of unreality to this.I've never taken myself that seriously.\"The Dream Girl's picture on the stamp is from the movie Baghban . \"Since that's the best film I've done in recent times I am happy.\"Bringing more happiness in her life is her new role as the brand ambssador for Sarvam , a campaign undertaken by the Aurobindo Society to empower and rehabilitate rural India. Explains Hemaji, \"70 percent of India lives in the villages. And yet we neglect rural India. I am happy to be chosen as the brand ambassador for Sarvam . It's a scheme whereby backward villages are adopted and empowered. I firmly believe India can't grow unless the villages are empowered. Even my daughters are very excited about this assignment. We're all going to pitch in with our best.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16580894", "title": "Weather will be key for Kiptoo at Delhi Half Marathon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kenya's Chebii Ezekiel Kiptoo is enjoying running and is hungry to break barriers this year. The 21-year-old who will participate in the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon on Sunday, his third half marathon of the year, is planning to graduate to marathons by next year.The Kenyan followed his father and elder brother into track racing but lack of monetary gains forced Kiptoo to move away from the family tradition and switch to road racing. \"I was a track athlete, but I felt my performance was not good so and then I was not making any money in track so I decided to go for road races,\" Kiptoo told TOI on the sidelines of ADHM's meet and greet session on Thursday.\"Track requires a lot of speed,\" he elaborated. In 2009, Kiptoo clocked his best in 5000m in Eindhoven and then shifted to road running.Kiptoo grew up in a family of runners with four brothers and two sisters. \"My elder brother Abraham and my father are track runners but we all train together in Aldored,\" said Kiptoo. In fact, he and his father have even competed against each other. \"We competed in 10,000m in Libya last year and I beat him. I finished second and he had finished third,\" Kiptoo recalled.Kiptoo, ranked third in IAAF Men's Road Running, plans to join the military in the coming years. \"I don't have any job. I am planning to join the military in Kenya,\" he said.On the Airtel Delhi Half Marathon, Kiptoo feels the weather will play a major role on Sunday. \"My target is to run faster than 59.05 to break my personal record. It depends on the weather. If it's hot then the running conditions become difficult. In Lille we were running in 12 degree Celsius, but New Delhi is hot,\" he said. \"Sunday will be tough competition and it depends on how you wake up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16581761", "title": "Equine Lover fancied for Mysore 2000 Guineas", "text": "The Winner of the Mysore 1000 Guineas in her last start, the Padmanabhan-trained Equine Lover, ridden by David Allan, will garner the maximum support in Mysore 2000 Guineas, the second classic of the Mysore races to be run over a mile at the races on Friday.First race starts at 1.30pm 1. Lokapavani Plate 1200M:Angel Queen 1, Molly Malone 2.2. Triveni Plate (Div-II) 1400M: Sound 1, Beautiful Life 2.3. Margrove Estate Gold Cup (Div-II) 1400M: Unique Show 1, Fantastic Strike 2.4. Justice P Medappa Memorial Trophy 1600M: Own Asset 1, Alcazaar 2.5. Alekona Trophy 1600M: Dancerella 1, Golden Viper 2.6. Mysore 2000 Guineas 1600M: Equine Lover 1, Wind Stream 2.7. Margrove Estate Gold Cup (Div-I) 1400M:Yamas 1, Cinnamon Rush 2.8. Triveni Plate (Div-I) 1400M: Seven Heaven 1, Savvy Concept 2.9. Allies Serenade Plate 1100M: Somethingdifferent 1, Fantastic Star 2.Day's best: Seven Heaven.Jackpot: 5, 6, 7, 8 &amp; 9. First Mini-Jackpot: 2, 4, 6 &amp; 8. Second Mini-Jackpot: 3, 5, 7 &amp; 9. First Treble: 4, 5 &amp; 6. Second Treble: 7, 8 &amp; 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16583267", "title": "\u2018Ajit Pawar's resignation a closed chapter\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP president Sharad Pawar, who has made up his mind to let Ajit Pawar leave the government , has decided to make a concession to the strong feelings running in the party for his nephew and agreed to take a final call on Friday after hearing out NCP ministers and legislators. \"Pawar has said Ajit Pawar's resignation is a closed chapter for him. However, in view of a unanimous resolution (asking Ajit to withdraw his resignation) passed by the legislature party on Wednesday, it was decided that Sharad Pawar and senior leader Praful Patel would hear the contention of the state cabinet members and legislators before making a decision . We don't think Ajit Pawar will withdraw his resignation,\" a senior NCP minister told TOI on Thursday.In New Delhi, Pawar made it clear that his nephew had taken the decision himself and after the party leadership gave him \"permission\" to step down, the resignation was sent to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. \"After that, the issue of the resignation is over for the NCP,\" he said, adding that the offer of resignation of the other ministers has not been accepted.According to reports, both Pawar and Patel had a meeting with senior Congress leaders on the developments in the state after which it was decided that Chavan should forward the resignation to the governor.\"It's a fact that although it is an internal matter of the Nationalist Congress Party, it was discussed with the (Congress) high command and then it was decided to accept Ajit Pawar's resignation,\" the NCP minister said.CM Prithviraj Chavan , who was under pressure after Ajit Pawar's resignation , emerged stronger, at least for the moment, with party legislators backing him at an unofficial meet at his residence. On Wednesday, the Congress spokesman in Delhi had said there was no question of replacing him.Ajit had quit on Tuesday after allegations of rampant irregularities in tenders worth thousands of crores in irrigation projects while he was the water resources minister . His energy portfolio should be entrusted to higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope and finance and planning to rural development minister Jayant Patil, he has made it clear.Day after, his party was split on whether the resignation should be accepted. Barring PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal, all ministers from the party had submitted their resignations to state party chief Madhukar Pichad. All the legislators had also offered to quit and some of the independents supporting the Congress-NCP government had threatened to pull out .Bhujbal had said it was wrong to quit merely on the basis of allegations. Interestingly , on Thursday evening, he inaugurated a photo exhibition in the city in his capacity as tourism minister.Ajit Pawar was agitated over how Chavan dealt with the allegations. In March, he said a white paper on the status of irrigation projects in Maharashtra would be brought out. But there has been no action so far. \"Ajit Pawar felt that the CM was delaying the release of the white paper and, as a result, there was the NCP's image was dented ,\" the NCP minister said.On Thursday, chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia said his office has forwarded whistleblower Vijay Pandhare's letters about corruption in irrigation works to the water resources department. CM Chavan had sent the letters to Banthia's office. A senior irrigation official said the white paper would be ready before the winter session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16580778", "title": "World War II veteran dies", "text": "VADODARA: World War II veteran Lieutenant Colonel Duleepsinh (retd), whose family's four generations have served in the Indian Army, passed away on Thursday at his native place and erstwhile royal state of Rajpipla. He was 91 and was suffering from age-related ailments.His son Lt Gen (retd) Randhir Sinh told TOI that the cremation would take place on Friday morning in Rajpipla.Duleepsinh led a distinguished career, starting from WW-II with special observer corps in then Burma for which he received a gallantry award. He also served as Military Attache in Australia, and as military secretary to then Army Chief General K M Cariappa. The officer, who hails from the royal family of Rajpipla, also raised the 3rd Gurkha Battalion and his family went on to achieve a rare distinction where in six family members, including Duleepsinh's sons Lieutenant General Randhirsinh and Captain Bhagatsinh besides Randhirsinh's son Captain Abhaysinh have served in the same unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582691", "title": "Gopalgarh to be discussed at RSS meet", "text": "JAIPUR: The Gopalgarh violence would be one of the several state-related issues which will be discussed at the RSS's Jaipur region meet which begins on Friday.The three-day camp would be held at Jamdoli and would be presided over by RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat. A special co-ordination committee meeting would be held on the first day of the camp which would be attended by the RSS pracharaks of 11 districts included in the Jaipur region along with the senior BJP leaders of the state who have have been associated with the Sangh.State BJP president Arun Chaturvedi, deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari and general secretary Satish Punia returned from the party's executive meet in Haryana on Thursday night to be part of the meeting at the RSS camp on Friday. According to party sources, the meeting would discuss several issues including Gopalgarh violence in view of the state government's bias towards the Muslims in the Gopalgarh communal clashes.\"It was a communal clash and people from both groups suffered. However, the state government largely focused on minorities. Moreover, they are now demanding that the controversial plot of land be handed over to them to be used as a graveyard, which the state government is also considering,'' said a senior leader.\"The camp will focus on all major issues in the state and the role Sangh can play in helping them resolve,'' said Shiv Lehri, Jaipur prant pracharak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581955", "title": "Red Ribbon Express in city for 2 days", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To create awareness regarding AIDS, Red Ribbon Express would chug at Allahabad junction on Friday. It would be stationed at the VIP siding (near Line Shah Baba) and would remain opened for public for two days on Friday and Saturday.This train comprises AC coaches and is being operational under the joint auspices of Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and UP government. Red Ribbon Express Phase-III is being operational just like previous years to create awareness regarding AIDS.It is pertinent to mention that this exhibition train was flagged off from Safdarjung station of New Delhi on January 12, 2012 and is traversing through the different parts of the country and would end its journey finally at New Delhi on January 10, 2013. This train is passing through 23 States of the country touching 162 stations covering the length and the breadth of the nation. In the State of Uttar Pradesh, this train will cover about 22 districts touching 22 stations.In addition to the Allahabad railway junction, Red Ribbon Express would be opened to general public at the stations of Kanpur, Jhansi, Mathura and Agra during the month of November. This train will leave for Mughalsarai station at about 11:00 pm on September 29 from Allahabad railway junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581092", "title": "Empowered panel member says they feel neglected", "text": "BHOPAL: Members of the Supreme Court-appointed empowered monitoring committee looking into rehabilitation of gas victims say that they feel 'neglected' with the state government's inability to provide the required infrastructure for proper functioning.In its order on August 9, the apex court had directed the state government to ensure facilities such as sufficient office space with furniture and furnishings, office staff including one secretary and one doctor (to act as coordinating officer) and one Hindi and English stenographer-cum-typist along with a peon.\"It has been well over a month and we have been neglected by the state government. Our functioning is being affected due to it,\" said empowered monitoring committee Purnendu Shukla.Accepting that the matter needed urgent government attention, the monitoring committee's convener and state director medical education (DME) Dr S C Tiwari said, \"We have called for a meeting of the empowered committee in the next week. We have also sought an appointment with state minister for Bhopal gas tragedy, relief and rehabilitation.\"Besides logistical support the empowered committee has sought an office in a location where gas victims can easily reach and lodge complaints with the committee.Apart from Gas Rahat hospitals, the Supreme Court directive in August has also brought the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) within the purview of the monitoring committee and auditing of its accounts by the principal accountant general of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581922", "title": "Alert CISF constable stops woman from jumping in front of Metro train", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman attempting suicide at the Kohat Enclave Metro station was on Thursday saved by an alert Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) constable.The woman in her mid-30s hails from Sonepat and had entered the station around 4:15 pm. While she loitered in the concourse area of the station, her movements looked suspicious to one of the constables.According to CISF, the constable, C Muthuselvam, attached to the Quick Response Team of the force, approached the woman and tried to engage her in a conversation to understand the reason behind her suspicious behaviour.However, the woman said she was feeling unwell and wanted to vomit and tried to rush towards the platform. The constable requested her to vomit in the concourse itself as it would not be safe to vomit on the platform.The woman, however, did not pay heed to the constable's words and reached platform No. 2 of the station. Since the constable had already become suspicious of the woman, he followed her.As soon as the train arrived, the woman allegedly tried to jump on the tracks when the constable held her and prevented her from committing suicide. The woman allegedly kept shouting that she wanted to die and that the constable should let go of her.The CISF immediately called the Delhi Metro Rail Police and handed her over to them. During interrogation, however, the woman claimed that she was not going to commit suicide but wanted to vomit. Police is still investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582249", "title": "Now, Bengal government nominee on VC selection panel", "text": "KOLKATA: In what might stoke fears of a return to the much talked about dalatantra during the Left Front regime, the Mamata Banerjee government on Thursday brought amends to the West Bengal University Laws (Amendment) Act 2011. According to the new law, a state government nominee will replace the UGC nominee in the search panel for the selection of a vice-chancellor.While moving the amendment, state education minister Bratya Basu argued that the existing search committee includes the chancellor's nominee, the UGC nominee, and nominee of the university and has no representation of the state government.It struck the chief minister after the chancellor chose renowned academics Anil Kakodkar, U N Anandmurthy and Gobardhan Mehta - all of them from other states - as his nominee in the search committee to select the vice-chancellors for three universities -Calcutta, Rabindra Bharati and Jadavpur.Since these three VCs were selected according to the earlier law, the state if necessary may ask the governor to reconsider an option to reappoint the VCs with a state government nominee in the search panel.The education minister held that there should also be a representation of illustrious academics from Bengal in the search committee. \"There is no need to fear about dalatantra. So far, a chancellor's nominee in the search panel has never been an educationist from the state. This is what we have found out during the appointments of three VCs till now,\" said Basu.Basu said though they are academics of excellent repute, they do not belong to the state. \"There are educationists who are of the same stature or even better in West Bengal. They can now be nominated in the search committee. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee wanted us to make the amendment to ensure eminent personalities related to education in West Bengal also have a say,\" he added.Democratic Socialist Party legislator Prabodh Chandra Biswas criticised the government for bringing an amendment within three months of passing the bill. \"This shows there is a lack of coordination between decisions and its effective implementation,\" he said.Basu retorted back saying, \"During the Left Front's tenure, the University Act was amended 50 times. We have done it only once. We still have 49 more chances remaining to amend the act further.\"The government also brought amendment to the selection of deans. There will be a dean for each and every faculty council for postgraduate studies in the university. They will be appointed by the VC on recommendation of the selection committee duly constituted for this purpose. The panel will comprise a government nominee who will be an eminent academician not related to the university concerned and one not below the rank of a professor of any other university.The amendment has also barred student representatives in the faculty councils from participating in meetings where confidential matters relating to conduct of examinations, checking of answerscripts and publication of results is likely to be discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16582011", "title": "Amma's celebrates 59th birthday", "text": "KOLLAM: \"The world today lacks mutual respect, which is a big threat to our society,\" said Mata Amritanadamayi. She was addressing the huge congregation of devotees gathered at the Amrita University Campus at Vallikavu to celebrate her 59th birthday.\"The result is that we treat ourselves as well as nature with complete disrespect. We have lost 40% of our natural resources. Rest of the 60% is also endangered. Each and every thing in this world has its own value and we realize its value only when we lose it. There should no be disparities in this world. Love each and every thing in the same way. We exploit the nature beyond limits. This will lead to huge natural calamities,\" she said.A slew of social service initiatives including 200 free heart surgeries and 50 kidney transplants which will be conducted at Amrita hospital in Kochi was launched as part of the celebration. Chattisgarh Governor Shekhar Dutt inaugurated the programmes. Rajya Sabha deputy chairman, P J Kurein presented this year's Amritakeerti Puraskar to writer C Radhakrishnan, for his contributions to the culture and literature of the state.Union ministers, K C Venugopal , K V Thomas and state ministers K M Mani, PJ Joseph and Aryadan Mohammed were among the dignitaries who took part in the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582535", "title": "Highest invalid votes in a decade", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The number of invalid and fake votes in graduate constituency this time has been the highest the Panjab University senate polls have seen in the last one decade. Due to negligence of staff on election duty in checking of votes, 400 more were declared invalid on Thursday. This takes the total number of fake or invalid votes to about 11,000. Following objections by certain fellows, the election duty staff was directed to re-check the valid votes on Wednesday evening. Meanwhile, counting was halted from Wednesday evening to Thursday evening (5pm). \"There might have been some negligence in the first round. But now, the staff has found more invalid votes. The staff also needed a break... they have been working continuously for hours together,\" said A K Bhandari, PU registrar. While the counting was halted due to an argument between the staff and fellows, it was later decided to give the former some time to relax. \"It is a practice. Each time during senate elections, the poll staff is given a break,\" Bhandari added. Nearly 63,000 votes have been cast across 287 booths in India for graduate constituency \u2014 which has about 4 lakh registered voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16583142", "title": "Rohtak shelter home sex abuse victim gives birth", "text": "ROHTAK: The 21-year-old hearing and speech impaired woman, who was a victim of sexual abuse at the notorious Apna Ghar shelter home in Rohtak, gave birth to a child at PGIMS hospital in Rohtak on September 16. The news was kept under wraps by the officers investigating the case and the shelter home owners at Bhiwani to keep the victim away from the media.PGIMS medical superintendent Dr Ashok Chauhan on Thursday said the mother and the infant were discharged two days after the delivery and both were healthy. A CBI team from Chandigarh, which is probing the case, took blood samples of the infant for DNA test to establish her paternity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581872", "title": "Byculla cholera patient doing fine", "text": "MUMBAI: The 65-year-old man, who tested positive for cholera on Wednesday, has been quarantined in Kokilaben hospital in Andheri. His condition is now stable.On Tuesday, the senior citizen from Byculla was admitted to a south Mumbai hospital with acute diarrohea. The initial culture as well as the confirmatory hanging drop tests showed he suffered from acute cholera. He was then shifted to Kokilaben Hospital. \"He is doing much better now,\" said Dr Falguni Parikh, infection control specialist. \"His urine output has increased and stools have come under control. We will keep him under observation. By Friday, we will decide on the further course of action.\"But the BMC denied having the knowledge of any cholera case from the city. Head of BMC's epidemiology cell Dr Mangala Gomare said, \"Cholera is a notifiable disease. But we have not yet been given notification of any cholera case.\"Doctors in E ward, which includes Byculla and surroundings, said they had been receiving cases of severe gastroenteritis from the area and they blamed it on poor hygiene of the locality. Dr Altaf Patel, who consults with Jaslok and J J hospitals, said most of the cases came from Dongri and Bhendi Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16582863", "title": "Mohanlal ivory case: Court notice to Kerala", "text": "THRISSUR: A vigilance court here on Thursday issued a notice to the state government in connection with the recovery of ivory from actor Mohanlal's residence during an I-T raid in July 2011.Vigilance court judge V Bhaskaran issued the notice on a petition filed by a Kottayam resident, Anil Kumar.The petitioner claimed that the taxmen had recovered 19 tusks from the actor's house in Kochi. However, the first information report, submitted 11 months after the raid, had mentioned that only a pair of tusks was found in the actor's possession.Anil Kumar alleged in the petition that the minister for forest, K B Ganesh Kumar, had misused his office to help Mohanlal. He submitted before the court the documents and copies of a letter the minister's office had written to Central minister Jayanti Natarajan, seeking relaxation of rules.Petitioner's counsel A P Ramachandran argued that the state's principal secretary and minister had written separate letters to the deputy inspector general (wildlife) and the Union minister, respectively, requesting that those possessing wildlife articles be given one more opportunity to declare them.The central government had earlier given a chance to those keeping wildlife articles to declare their possession by 2003 end, the petitioner pointed out.The court would take up the case for further hearing on October 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16582777", "title": "SHGs tackle plastic waste in Dindigul village", "text": "MADURAI: N Panchampatti, a village in Athoor union in Dindigul district, sports a cleaner look compared to other villages in the region thanks to a federation of three self help groups that shreds plastics waste from garbage dumps in the area.Eighteen members of three SHGs- Thalampoo, Marudham and Sri Janaki, out of the 163 groups in Athoor union joined hands to form a federation in November last year and decided to tackle the problem of roadside plastic garbage dumps. They approached the DRDA in Dindigul seeking a way to tackle the plastic menace and the agency agreed to fund the purchase of a plastic shredding maching costing around Rs two lakhs. The group then started collecting plastic from their village as well as neighbouring municipalities and town panchayats.They also bought a dry-cleaning machine to clean the dirty plastic before loading it into the machine. \"We feed the solid plastic into the machine to free it from sand and soil,\" says S Jayanthi, organizer of the federation. The waste plastic is collected at the rate of Rs 5 per kilo and is shredded and sold at the rate of Rs 25 per kg, mainly to contractors who lay roads. The members say that roads laid from the shredded plastic are sturdier than the tar roads. The shredded plastic wastes can also be used for making plastic products like pipes and buckets.However, the group says they face problems in the use of a three phase powerline for their plastic shredding unit. \"We are allowed to use three phase power for only three hours a day, because we are in the village. Thus we have been able to shred only 11,000 kilograms of plastic since last November,\" says Jayanthi. The frequent power shutdowns also affect their work.Dindigul district collector N Venkatachalam who visited the unit recently commended the group for its service to the society in solid waste management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16582398", "title": "It's an emergency, and time to act: Goel", "text": "A garbage crisis of a new kind is looming over the city as the BBMP gets down to implementing a new action plan which Bangaloreans believe is nothing but palming off the waste problem on to them. BBMP's insistence that apartments should manage their own waste has not gone down well with citizens. BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel speaks to TOI on the new management plan.Why are citizens being held responsible? Why should they pay garbage cess?This is an emergency situation and all of us must feel responsible and help solve the crisis. It's not BBMP versus citizens, but BBMP and citizens. I am not imposing police raj. Supreme Court guidelines say paying cess is not concomitant with the liability to provide service.You are excluding whole sections from garbage collection, like apartments.We have not said waste won't be picked up from apartments. But they are bulk generators and must pay up for the waste they generate. It could be Re 1 per kg; the price is yet to be fixed. It's a feasible plan. Embassy Apartments on Ali Asker Road is doing it. In fact, it is mandatory that apartments that come up in the city must compost the waste produced. It is one of the conditions on which BBMP issues occupancy certificates.The KMC Act 1976 doesn't talk about apartments as bulk producers. Not every apartment produces 100kg of waste. Why wasn't it invoked so far?Wherever there is heavy flow of garbage, there must be a waste processing plant. The KMC Act empowers the commissioner to take steps accordingly. If we don't force apartment owners, they will never put up composting or biofuel units. If there's a space crunch, they can do it on the terrace.It all boils down to the fact that BBMP could not manage landfills...Yes, we failed to manage landfills. That the villagers of Mandur and Mavallipura stopped tolerating our waste set the alarm bell ringing. We need to reduce the waste that goes to landfills. If we segregate waste at source, 40% of the dry waste will directly go for recycling. We've got 11 proposals from various companies to set up waste-to-energy plants in landfills and to clean them up. We will take up bio-mining in those landfills soon after the 'segregation at source' process clicks into place.Is it viable for small apartment blocks to set up biofuel plants?The BBMP notification says apartments which do not have space for setting up the plant will have to make alternative arrangements and hand over waste to private composters or BBMP wet waste collectors, on payment.Does BBMP have a concrete plan at all for garbage disposal?It is no more garbage disposal. It is solid waste management. I've got details of 200 acres owned by BBMP on the city outskirts which can be used for wet waste composting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16581170", "title": "Guard dies after being hit by car, driver arrested", "text": "NOIDA: A 21-year-old man was killed in a hit and run incident allegedly by a BMW car on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, said the police. The victim, Rohtas Singh, a security agency guard in Sector 125, was killed immediately on impact.According to the police, the car's number plate fell off and they started to search for the offending vehicle on the basis of that. Police have arrested the driver of the vehicle Ashok Kumar, a resident of Mandawali. Cops said the car belongs to Honey Katiyal, an industrialist who lives in Lajpat Nagar.Police said that eyewitnesses had identified the car as a BMW and that helped them in finding the car. \"When the car hit Rohtas, the force of the impact was such that its number plate (DL3C BR5200) got dislodged and fell off,\" said a senior police officer. \"We have also sent the licence plate for referral to establish that it belongs to the vehicle impounded by us,\" said Bhudev Singh, the investigation officer of the case.The police arrested Ashok Kumar at 8pm on Thursday. \"The driver was coming back from Sector 95 where the owner's sister lives. Honey Katiyal's sister is unwell and is being treated at a private hospital in Delhi. The driver was returning from Sector 95 where he had gone to fetch some things belonging to Katiyal's sister. He was rushing back when the accident took place,\" said a senior officer.According to the police, the incident took place at 11:50am on Thursday when Singh was returning from his office in Sector 125 towards his home. \"The car was being driven very fast. Rohtas Singh had been walking on the side of the road when the car hit him. According to eye witnesses, he died immediately,\" said the police.\"Rohtas Singh suffered multiple fractures on his hand and legs. His body has been given to the post mortem house,\" said a police official. According to eyewitnesses, Singh was flung into the air at the time of the accident. \"He was flung several feet up into the air. After the accident, the drive of the car sped away on the expressway,\" said R Chauhan, the complainant and Rohtas Singh's co-worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16583733", "title": "Bhai Daljeet Singh Bittu's remand extended to Sept 29", "text": "LUDHIANA: Former president of Akali Dal (Panch Pardani) Bhai Daljeet Singh Bittu was produced in the district courts on Thursday, and his police remand extended to September 29.Cops alleged that Bittu maintained a regular contact with others in Pakistan. Several phone calls have been traced to the country code 0092, which identifies Pakistan, the police said.Division no 5 SHO Nirmal Singh said calls made to Bittu's cellphone would be further investigated and number details, location checked.One of Bittu's counsels, Jaspal Singh Manjpur, said cops took Bittu in remand just by tracing calls from Pakistan made to his cellphone. \"Nowadays, several customers of various operators are complaining of spam calls regarding lotteries made from Pakistan numbers. Calls to Bittu's phone, too, were fake. Even cellphone operators are making consumers aware of such calls,\" he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16583587", "title": "Mysore's young ones turn mall rats", "text": "MYSORE: Malls and cafes are changing the city skyline, and also lifestyles, especially for the hip crowd. Partying and celebrating birthdays in their favourite hangouts in now the in-thing for Mysore's young.During free hours, students swarm the air-conditioned, swanky buildings to spend hours over a cup of coffee, lunch or even a movie. Many also bunk classes for these hours of freedom - a far cry from just a few years ago, when students were restricted to the campus, parks, KRS dam and Chamundi temple.The four malls in the city have come as a boon to the student crowd, with footfalls doubling during weekends and holidays.Earlier, the concept of entertainment was different: options were limited, so was pocket money. These days, with parents providing more purchasing power, children are taking easily to the mall culture.Dr XA D'Souza, consultant urologist, recalling his college days in 1963 at Mysore Medical College, says Brindavan Gardens, Mysore Palace, Chamundi hills, the zoo and Karanji and Kukkarahalli lakes were their hangout spots. \"Group of friends would ride to these picnic spots on bicycles, the only mode of transport then,\" he said.There were few hotel and food joints and the lack of money power ensured that students stuck to their classrooms.\"My father gave me Rs 100 per week to meet petrol expenses, but I saved Rs 30 out of it. This money was used to hang out in dhabas after bunking classes,\" remembers Vinay Parameswarappa. He was a student of mechanical engineering at Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering (SJCE) in 2002.\"We bunk whenever there is a boring class and malls are our adda to kill time and have fun,\" says fifth-semester computer science student Ashwin Prasad. He feels malls are a great place to chat and unwind without being bothered by anyone. Conveniently-priced items in the food court suit the average collegian's pocket.\"If there is good movie, we watch it in a multiplex or go window shopping,\" said Ashwin, revealing his plans to bunk on Monday as it is followed by the Gandhi Jayanthi holiday.Final-year BSc student Sahana SM adds: \"I spend around Rs 4,000 a month, most of it on clothes, food and other accessories.\" Sahana finds malls a good place to shop, as they have everything under one roof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16585008", "title": "Jab Tak Hain Jaan's to be Yash Chopra's last film", "text": "It was an event hosted by the company he has ably helmed for decades to felicitate him on his 80th birthday but it ended with Yash Chopra making a surprise announcement about his retirement. The Shah Rukh Khan-starrer Jab Tak Hain Jaan will be Chopra's last film as director.With this one masterstroke YRF threw the gaunt let to the makers of Son of Sardar who have dared to openat the same time as them. Saying that he now wants to move into the mentor mode, Yash Chopra told Shah Rukh Khan , with whom he was in conversation: \"Like they say,the best thing sweeat at theend. I want to do other things now. Launch new people. My wife has been complaining, so I will make her happy.\"A dapper Shah Rukh, whose first brush with a Yash Chopra film - Joshila, took place at the tender age of nine (\"My mom told me she will show me a film if I passed in Hindi\"), spoke about the filmmaker's journey - from being an engineering aspirant to the father of romance in Hindi cinema. SRK who may occasionally report late on the sets arrived much earlier than the scheduled time to rehearse for the event. After making a grand entry reciting the now famous verses from his upcoming film, he later sang 'Happy Birthday' for Chopra Sr. And it was one of those rare occasions when he spoke less than the other person on stage. Clearly, the director was the star at this one.The octogenarian was in a reflective mood as he spoke at length about his life's journey which began, as he said, in 1951, when to fulfill his fam ily's dream of him becoming an engineer, Chopra came to Bombay. \"They sent me here to get my passport made so that I could go to England and study engineering.\" But like his elder broth er, BR Chopra, his heart too was set on filmmaking. \"Bhaisaab told me not to assist him but I persisted. Mom always used to tell me ' apne dil ki suno' . Finally she gave me Rs 200 and said ' yeh lo mera aashirwad', \" he recalled.And thus, with a scene that could have been handpicked from one of his films, began Yash Chopra's journey in Bollywood. From being 'poetry friends' with Meena Kumari , to getting his first directorial project and the first multi-starrer Waqt, he never lost focus. The next big milestone in his road to success came along in 1971, when moving away from his brother, he started his own production house, Yash Raj Films. \"I never cared about money. But when my wife was pregnant, I realised I couldn't manage. I gathered the guts to tell bhaisaab I wanted to make my own films. Hetold me that from now I was on my own.\"About his host for the evening, Chopra Sr mentioned that ever since they worked on Darr, he has never lookedforanyotherhero.\"ShahRukh never asks me about the script. Or the fee.\" To this, his hero replied: \" Jab Tak Hai Jaan \" Incidentally, Shah Rukh has still not been paid for the film all set to release this Diwali. Shah Rukh asked Chopra what many haven't been able to: How he convinced Jaya Bachchan and Rekha to share screen space in Silsila.\"I told Amitabh (Bachchan) that I wanted Jaya and Rekha in the film. (At the time they were shooting Kaalia in Kashmir)He paused for a moment and then said, 'Bombay jaake you meet them.' On our return flight, we didn't talk to each other,\"recalled Chopra Sr.\"Before I started the film, dono ko maine alag alag bola, for obvious reasons, that please gadbad mat karna . They assured me nothing would happen. I have realised if you are honest with the stars and your script, nothing can go wrong,\" he added.And that's a formula along with chiffons and Switzerland, he has stuck by.Yash Chopra 's films Dhool Ka Phool (1959) Dharmputra (1961) Waqt (1965) Aadmi Aur Insaan (1969) Ittefaq (1969) Daag (1973) Joshila (1973) Deewaar (1975) Kabhi Kabhie (1976) Trishul (1978) Kaala Patthar (1979) Silsila (1981) Mashaal (1984) Faasle (1985) Vijay (1988) Chandni (1989) Lamhe (1991) Parampara (1992) Darr (1993) Dil To Pagal Hai (1997) Veer-Zaara (2004) Jab Tak Hai Jaan (2012)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhuj", "code": "16582144", "title": "Heavy rains drench Bhuj, Anjar", "text": "BHUJ: Residents of Kutch were in for a pleasant surprise as widespread showers were received across the region on Thursday. People in Anjar, Gandhidham and Bhuj were caught unawares as they received rainfall ranging from 25mm to 50mm.There was a sudden change in the weather in Anjar. After thunder and lightning, there were heavy showers in the town and its adjoining areas.There was waterlogging in areas like Ganga Naka and Sawasar Naka. The showers lasted for an hour bringing relief from the prevailing heat. Heavy showers were also received in Shinnai, Tuna, Mathak and other villages of the district. Officials have predicted more rain in the district over the next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16582006", "title": "Civic body plans 60 new parking lots in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation is planning to bild 60 new parking lots on pay and park basis in the city in the next few months.As the number of vehicles is increasing day-by-day, parking of vehicles in the city has become a major problem for motorists as well as the NMC administration. It results in haphazard parking of vehicles, often hindering the smooth flow of traffic. To overcome this, the NMC administration has started working on the project.Speaking to TOI, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"With an aim to sort out he parking problem in the city, we are planning new parking zones on pay and park basis at around 60 new locations across the city within the next few months. The aim behind this is not only to solve parking problems, but also to increase the revenue of NMC. NMC will either deploy its employees or run it through private firms.\"We are still in the process of identifying the locations for the parking zones and have identified around 60 locations,\" Khandare said, but declined to divulge the locations.The NMC has about 80 parking lots functioning on pay and park basis. \"These parking zones have been given on contract basis to some private firms to run them. NMC does not get any income from the existing parking zones. Hence, we are working on the parking fees module so that NMC would also get the revenue. This new parking fees module will be brought into effect while renewing contract with these private firms,\"Khandare said.\"Instructions have been given to concerned officials %to conduct a survey and search new spots for parking areas %in the city. The parking %spots will be finalised shortly once a survey is over in the next few months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16583629", "title": "Govt has not sought explanation on land row: Mysore DC", "text": "MYSORE: DC P S Vastrad has said that the government has not sought any explanation from him with regard to the controversy surround the land in the foothills of Chamundi Hills here.On Thursday, he said that the government has not sought any report from him seeking explanation in view of the controversy surrounding prime land around Chamundi Hills. The Dc added that he has nothing to defend, pointing at the order issued on August 18 in which he withdrew his controversial order of June 20. \"My second order is self-explanatory,\" he said, when asked about his defence, and added that he has not seen Ranganath report.This comes a day after BJP MLC G Madhusudhan said that the government is in the process of issuing him a showcause notice, pointing at Ranganath report. The legislator is in Bangalore to decide his future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581588", "title": "Veolia in financial crisis, but promises to complete Nagpur water projects on time", "text": "NAGPUR: The France-based Veolia Water, which has bagged the water works contract of the city for 25 years, is passing through a grave financial crisis back in France. Chairman and managing director of Veolia Water (India) Private Limited Patrick Rousseau has said there would not be any negative impact on the city water projects. However, questions are being raised on the company's ability to invest minimum Rs 300 crore, in joint venture with city-based Vishwaraj Infrastructure Limited (VIL), in the 24X7 water supply project.According to reports, the global economic slowdown has hit Veolia hard. It has even auctioned its regulated water business in the UK in June. Speculation is rife about Veolia pulling out from some of the 77 countries it is operating in.Patrick told TOI Veolia was committed to its city water projects and will ensure completion of all projects. \"Veolia is still the leader in water sector in the world. The company is expanding its business in India. We have bagged sewage water project in New Delhi and water project at Bijapur in Karnataka. We are already executing demo projects for 24X7 water in three cities of Karnataka. We are spreading our business in Sri Lanka and many other countries too,\" he said.City's private water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL), formed by Veolia in association with VIL, is under fire due to the slow pace of 24X7 water project. Patrick said the criticism and protests in water sector are the same around the world. \"We are facing problem of finding trained manpower, machinery and equipment in the city. But the company hopes to expedite the works and complete them in time with the help of the local partner. It upsets me that Veolia is being blamed when the responsibility is of OCWL,\" he said.OCWL has come under immense pressure due to the inordinate delay in starting the project. The Central government had made it clear that all pending projects have to be completed by 2013-14. The NMC may not get further funds if it fails to complete the project in time.Patrick said that the two-year target is very challenging. \"There is a need to discuss this issue with NMC and government. The nature of work is too vast and existing system is not proper,\" he said.Meanwhile, Veolia has landed in another controversy by bringing a team of journalists from France to inspect the city's water supply project without intimating Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) or getting its permission. The team visited the pilot project in Dharampeth zone on Wednesday and the Pench-I water treatment plant on Thursday. The team is likely to visit Kanhan plant on Friday before returning to France.Patrick has been in the city for the last two days, accompanying the team from New Delhi. Deputy director of press relations of Veolia in France Stephane Galfre has brought the five journalists from Paris and nearby cities. \"It was a private visit of Veolia. I was not aware of NMC norms. Such things will not be repeated in future,\" he said.There were rumours that Veolia brought the team of journalists to the city to showcase its projects here, to get out of the financial crisis to some extent. Patrick denied any such motive behind the team's visit, and said the journalists just wanted to study the water sector here.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane confirmed that NMC was not informed about the visits to the water works projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16581520", "title": "Green award for eco activists", "text": "LUCKNOW: If you are environmentally conscious and have done your bit to conserve the flora and fauna in UP, your effort can fetch you handsome returns. The UP has instituted a green award to encourage the people of the state to take up the cause of environment. The 'Veer Abdul Hamid Van, Vanyajiv and Paryavaran Sanrakshan Puraskar' will carry Rs 1 lakh cash award for individuals and Rs 2 lakh for organizations, and be given annually starting this year.Although this award was notified on September 4, it had been conceptualized by the Mayawati government in the name of the party's patriarch Kanshi Ram , the SP government has rechristened it after the legendary war hero, Param Veer Chakra winner Abdul Hamid. \"The terms and conditions of the scheme are more or less same,\" said sources in forest department.From this year on, wildlife activists and conservationists will be awarded by the state government under the scheme.The motives behind introducing the award is to develop a public connect with forest, wildlife and environment.An individual or a group of individuals and organisations which have worked for the cause of forest, wildlife and environment in the state will be felicitated under the scheme.The chosen ones will have to meet the eligibility conditions laid down for the award. The eligibility will be decided on the basis of three broad points -- individuals or organisations should have done something innovative to increase forest cover, they should have assisted in conservation of wild animals or should have contributed in environment protection.This one could be the state's first such award, given the fact that 'Vriksha-bandhu' award announced in 2007 could not get approval. Announced under the 11{+t}{+h} Five Year Plan, the Vriksha-Bandhu award was scrapped after it failed to get government's approval. The officials, however, restrained from commenting on any parallel between the two awards.The details on the website proclaim that individuals and organisations who find themselves eligible for the award, can obtain the application form from the divisional offices or download it from official website (http://forest.up.nic.in). The divisional forest officers can be contacted for assistance in districts.Senior officials like conservators, chief conservators and principal chief conservators can also be contacted. However, when will the awards be given is yet to be decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583192", "title": "Conference on corporate exellence held", "text": "CHENNAI: Asan Memorial College of Arts and Sciences on Thursday organised a conference on corporate excellence in a challenging global scene.Dr Matthijs Cornelissen, Director of Indian Psychology Institute, Pondicherry delivered the inaugural address. He spoke on wide spectrum of topics from life and responsibility to the question of do we enjoy what we do or we do what we enjoy. Other speakers touched upon a broad range of issues regarding steps to be taken for corporate excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582289", "title": "CBI probe into pre-2004 block allocations starts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Thursday registered a fresh preliminary inquiry (PE) to look into alleged irregularities in coal block allocations between 1993 and 2004, which would include the NDA's term in office. CBI sources said 24 private companies and government officials are under the scanner.In the fresh probe, sources said a company belonging to Nagpur-based Abhijeet group was once again under the scanner. The agency registered the fresh PE after the CVC referred complaints given by a delegation of seven Congress MPs including Sandeep Dikshit to it. Coal minister Shri Prakash Jaiswal had also sought investigation of the matter.CBI sources said they were looking into \"misrepresentations made by private companies, ineligibilities ignored by coal and other ministry officials and escalation of net worth by companies\" in the fresh PE. A top official said they were seeking documents from coal, steel and power ministries besides the companies themselves.CBI officials said that between 1993 and 2004, 43 coal blocks were allotted by the government to several private companies, PSUs and state-run companies. The states where coal blocks were given include West Bengal, Odisha, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh and Maharashtra for setting up power, sponge iron and steel plants.The companies which got coal blocks between 1993 and 2004 include Jindal Power Ltd (which got Gare Palma IV-2 and 3 block in Mand Raigarh in Chhattisgarh), Jindal Power and Steel Ltd (Gare-Palma IV-1 in Hasdoe Arand in Chhattisgarh and Utkal B 1 in Talcher, Odisha), Jayaswal Neco Ltd (Gare-Palma IV-4 in Mand Raigarh in Chhattisgarh), Monet Ispat and Energy Ltd (Talcher block in Odisha and Gare-Palma IV-5 in Mand Raigarh in Chhattisgarh), Utkal Coal Ltd, Castron Mining Ltd, Raipur Alloys and Steel Ltd, B S Ispat, Fieldmining and Ispat Ltd and Prakash Industries Ltd apart from others.The allocation of coal blocks to private companies for captive use started in 1993 when Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act, 1973 was amended with the objective of attracting private investments in specified end uses such as power, cement and steel because of growing economy. Jaiswal along with the seven parliamentarians has sought a probe since 1993 and submitted a list of 24 companies, some of which got captive coal blocks as part of joint ventures with state government, which would be under probe, sources said.In the probe between 2006 and 2009, CBI has so far registered seven FIRs against private companies and unknown public officials for alleged misrepresentation of facts.\"Till March 2011, the ministry of coal has allocated 194 coal blocks for captive mining of which 142 were explored blocks and the balance 52 were either regionally explored or unexplored coal blocks,\" the comptroller and auditor general had said in its report on coal block allocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16585954", "title": "Model Anupana Varma goes nude for PETA", "text": "Watch her packaged like meat in a new PETA adClutching a meat hook and with her naked body wrapped in cellophane - as meat might be - supermodel and actor Anupama Varma appears in a striking brand-new pro-vegetarian ad for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India, released during World Week for the Abolition of Meat and just in time for World Vegetarian Day and Vegetarian Awareness Month. The caption reads, \"Try to Relate to Who Is on Your Plate - Go Vegetarian\".PETA and Varma want people to know that all animals, including humans, are made of flesh, blood and bone, that we have the same senses and range of emotions, and that eating meat is, literally, eating a corpse. The ad was shot by ace photographer Rafique Sayed.\"I hope my PETA ad helps challenge people to really think about what 'meat' is\", says Anupama Varma. \"Eating flesh means eating the corpse of a tortured animal who did not want to die. We are encouraging people to try going vegetarian - for animals, the environment and their own health.\"Animals slaughtered for meat are crammed into vehicles in such large numbers that many are severely injured or die en route to the slaughterhouse. The animals are hit, dragged, cruelly and illegally handled and often denied even basic necessities, such as food, water and veterinary treatment. At the slaughterhouse, they are killed in view of each other and are often dismembered and skinned while they are still conscious. Chickens are crowded by the tens of thousands into filthy sheds that reek of ammonia fumes from the accumulated waste. At the slaughterhouse, their throats are cut with blunt knives and their bodies are dunked into scalding-hot water for feather removal, often while they are still conscious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16582874", "title": "Counselling centre for teenagers at anganwadis", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Anganwadis in the corporation limit will soon start providing counselling to teenage girls to help them deal with psychological, education and health needs.The corporation has decided to set up counselling centers as per the direction given by the local self-government department recently to make the anganwadis more children-friendly. The corporation will appoint counsellors to provide one-to-one counselling to address various problems of adolescent girls ranging from emotional, mental and health aspects to address work-related problems. The civic body is also planning to provide the same services provided by the integrated child development services (ICDS) scheme through anganwadis. ICDS scheme, which is already operational in the corporation limit, is a community-based early childcare programme envisaged to address health, nutrition and education needs of children, expecting mothers, adolescent girls and nursing mothers.According to the data with the corporation officials, a total of 580 anganwadis are functioning in the corporation limit. Of the 580, only 250 anganwadis have their own building and the rest are operating from rented buildings. The civic body has earmarked a sum of Rs 1.25 crore for the infrastructure development of anganwadis in the annual plan for the 2012-13 financial year.Social welfare standing committee chairman M Radhakrishnan said that already women were attending various health and welfare programmes at anganwadis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582960", "title": "Supreme Court puts aside Chawla panel\u2019s remarks on auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court refused to take note of the much hyped recommendations of the Ashok Chawla committee on distribution of natural resources, saying the constitutional court would test a policy on the touchstone of fairness and non-arbitrariness rather than provide an economic solution.The Chawla committee report was cited by Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy saying it had provided a conceptual framework for the Union government on the allocation and pricing of scarce natural resources like coal, minerals, petroleum, natural gas, spectrum, forests, land and water and favoured auction as the mode of their distribution.While giving the court's opinion on the presidential reference raising doubt on universal application of auction for allocation of natural resources, a five-judge bench headed by Chief Justice SH Kapadia said, \"Since the opinion rendered in the Chawla committee report is pending acceptance by the government, it would be inappropriate for us to place judicial reliance on it. Besides, the report conducts an economic, and not legal, analysis of the means of disposal of natural resources. The purpose of this reference would be best served if this court gave a constitutional answer rather than an economic one.\"Leaving policy matters to the government and legislature, the bench said, \"It needs to be emphasized that the Supreme Court cannot conduct a comparative study of the various methods of distribution of natural resources and suggest the most efficacious mode, if there is one universal efficacious mode in the first place. It respects the mandate and wisdom of the executive for such matters.\"The methodology pertaining to disposal of natural resources is clearly an economic policy. It entails intricate economic choices and the court lacks the necessary expertise to make them. As has been repeatedly said, it cannot and shall not be the endeavour of this court to evaluate the efficacy of auction vis-a-vis other methods of disposal of natural resources. The court cannot mandate one method to be followed in all facts and circumstances. Therefore, auction - an economic choice of disposal of natural resources - is not a constitutional mandate.\"The five-judge bench said courts were entitled to test the fairness of whatever method was employed by the government to allocate natural resources. \"When questioned, the courts are entitled to analyze the legal validity of different means of distribution and give constitutional answer as to which methods are unconstitutional and constitutional,\" it said.\"Nevertheless, it cannot and will not compare which policy is fairer than the other, but, if a policy or law is patently unfair to the extent that it falls foul of the fairness requirement of Article 14 of the Constitution, the court will not hesitate in striking it down,\" the bench added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16581062", "title": "Angry mob torches school bus at Sarthana", "text": "SURAT: An irate mob torched a school bus near Sarthana jakat naka on the outskirts of the city after it hit a woman scooter rider on Thursday. Ekta Bhikhadia sustained minor injuries and was rushed a nearby hospital by the crowd.A team of fire brigade officials rushed to put out the fire at 9.45 am.Fire official DG Modh said, \"There were 500 people. They prevented us from carrying out our duty. The crowd also pelted stones at one of our fire engines. We were able to douse the fire under police protection.\"A case has been registered at Kamrej police station in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15351914", "title": "Every woman needs one of these six friends", "text": "Bonding with your gal pals is the best way to deal with life's ups and downs, here are six types that every women relies on for advice and emotion supportWe need different friends to fulfill different needs. Some make good counsellors, others are good listeners and some are miss fix-its. Each one plays an important role in our lives, and we cannot do without them. Here are six types of friends every woman needs in her life.The new friend: As much as we love our old friends, it's always nice to meet new people and add them to your friends list. New friends add a spark to your life, and help you re-evaluate your world, adding a new perspective to your life. They inspire and excite you, motivating you to get out of the routine and try something new.The counsellor: Can't afford a shrink? She is your best bet. She will listen to all your problems and offer you sound advice without being critical or judgmental of your situation. You can rant about the problems you are having at work, in your relationship or with any situation that requires your attention.The strong as a rock friend: She has been there with you like a solid rock in the ups and downs of your life. She knows you better than anybody and has seen and handled your various mood swings. You have had your share of fights, arguments and misunderstandings and have worked your way through it. You love each other and are inseparable.The fun friend: This one knows how to have a great time and she is the one who does not mind adding that crazy energy to your life. She always knows where the happening parties are and does not believe in getting home till the sun rises.The honest one: She will not say things to please you, and will not shy away from telling you the truth no matter what.The mother hen : She is the one you go to when in need for some TLC. She is gentle and comforting and will fix you a quick meal when your feeling down in the dumps. She will not lecture you, but will comfort you like a mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582185", "title": "BJP looks at Brahmin, Gowda or Dalit for state chief", "text": "BANGALORE: No prominent Lingayat figured on the list of probables to succeed KS Eshwarappa as state party president, quashing the hopes of former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, who has his eye on the post. The party appears to be working on a BGD (Brahmin-Gowda-Dalit) formula to find the right person.Yeddyurappa could now be a very angry man, as his demands were firmly turned down at the BJP national executive committee meeting at Surajkund in Haryana on Wednesday. He had made clear his desire to be made party president and also that his loyalist ministers get plum portfolios.The party leaders are said to have informally discussed the issue of the state unit president during the BJP meet. Barring the Lingayat community, which chief minister Jagadish Shettar also hails from, the party is veering towards a BGD formula. The names discussed were Prahalad Joshi and Visvesvara Hedge Kageri (Brahmins); Nalin Kumar Kateel, a Bunt; R Ashoka and CT Ravi (Vokkaligas) and Govind M Karjol and A Narayanaswamy (Dalits). The party is likely to zero in on Joshi.The party adopted the LKG (Lingayat-Kuruba-Gowda) formula when Shettar was sworn in chief minister, making Eshwarappa (Kuruba) and Ashoka deputy chief ministers.WIDENING CASTE BASEWhile Joshi and Kateel are MPs, the other probables are ministers. Sources told TOI that Lingayats have adequate representation in the government and the party is on the lookout for leaders of other castes. According to them, Yeddyurappa's followers were also discussed, but none qualified as most of them had joined the party only recently. \"The president should be acceptable to everyone in the party,\" they added.The issue of a minor cabinet reshuffle was also discussed. However, the exercise is expected to pertain only to municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi. With Eshwarappa and Karnataka party incharge Dharmendra Pradhan having promised him an additional portfolio, law minister S Suresh Kumar may have to give up his portfolio to Jarkiholi.Yeddyurappa's demand to give his followers MP Renukacharya and Raju Gouda (Narasimha Naik) high-profile portfolios was not considered. Sources said Yeddyurappa's outbursts against the party and his absence at the meeting were also not discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582648", "title": "Four arrested for eve-teasing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the recent spurt in eve-teasing incidents has left the police with egg on its face, police refuse to get their act together. A relative of the woman said, \"Though she gave cops the miscreants' bike number, they refused to act. Their inaction emboldened them, as again she was harassed by two of the accused's friends. She is shocked... the youths not only stopped her, but also passed remarks at her.\" All four eve-teasers \u2014 Rakesh and Mangal, who had harassed her on September 21, and Sohib and Lakhbir Singh, their friends \u2014 were arrested on Wednesday night. DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said, \"Clear instructions were issued that an FIR should be registered immediately if a woman complains of eve-teasing or molestation, but the ASI failed to adhere to the orders.\" A case has been registered at Manimajra police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16583560", "title": "Now, an oxygen room for Army in Siachen and Leh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Indian Army will soon have an oxygen room on top of the world to acclimatize troops to the high altitude conditions. Till now, soldiers used to take almost a week to adapt to the conditions in Siachen and Leh.Now onwards, rushing troops to an altitude of 11,000 feet and putting them into action will take just 2-3 hours with the help of the oxygen room. The DRDO has developed the oxygen-enriched room for rapid induction of the soldiers who had to wait for a week for adaptation before they could venture out on duty in Siachen and other very high altitude areas.The DRDO has set up one such room at Leh and six more such facilities will come up in forward areas, including Siachen, soon.W Selvamurthy, chief controller of research and development at DRDO, who had been at Leh recently to make the troops aware of the functioning of the facility, said, \"In a Kargil-like situation the Army is not given any time to adapt to the high altitude. The troops who are vulnerable to acute mountain sickness and get breathless suffer a lot during these emergencies. We will create six such rooms in the base camps of all the forward areas.\"The room has been designed by Defence Institute of Physiology &amp; Allied Sciences (DIPAS), a DRDO lab in Delhi. \"This room is for rapid induction of the troops to the high altitude. The percentage of oxygen does not decrease in high altitude, it is the reduction in the partial pressure which makes one feel breathless as there is decrease in availability of oxygen to the body cells at such a height,\" said Dr Shashi Bala Singh, director of DIPAS.However, cautioning that the room is only for emergency situations where there is less time for the soldiers to adapt, Shashi said, \"The body has a natural capability of adjusting to a height up to 2500m. We recommend this room only in emergency situations. This is also for the VIPs who fly in for a day and leave immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581811", "title": "17-year-old hangs self at Kandivli home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 17-year-old student ended his life at his Kandivli (W) home on Wednesday. Mangesh Mor's parents found him hanging from the ceiling fan. No suicide note was found.Mangesh stayed at Sudhanshu society with his parents and brother. His father is employed with a private firm while his mother runs a vegetable vending business. His brother is a computer science student. Mangesh was a first-year student at an Andheri hotel management college.On Wednesday, Mangesh's parents went out for work. His sibling, too, left in a while. When his parents returned around 8.30pm, they found the door to the flat locked from inside. When no one opened the door, the couple broke it down. They were stunned to find Mangesh hanging from the ceiling fan.Mangesh was rushed to Bhagwati Hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival. Mangesh's mother said he wasn't happy with his hotel management course. But the family had paid over Rs 1 lakh for it and he could not give up studies so easily. Cops are going through Mangesh's cellphone records for clues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16582472", "title": "Thambis celebrate 178 years in Bangalore", "text": "Arun DevBANGALORE: They were one of the earliest settlers who made Bangalore Cantonment their home. The Madras Sappers came here in 1834 and this year, the Madras Engineer Group &amp; Centre is celebrating its 232 years since raising and 178 years in Bangalore.As you walk into the campus of the MEG &amp; Centre on the banks of Ulsoor Lake, you can spot the series of milestones that make its evolution. From battles in Egypt in the early 17{+t}{+h} century to the Seringapatnam battle, Sappers have had a wide reach.They took 'Bangalore' to the world much before IT happened. The city became a common word among World War I and II when Sappers invented the Bangalore torpedo. These were long tubes filled with explosives which could clear minefields and enemy barbwires.During the Kargil conflict, Sappers scaled hostile heights and cleared the ground littered with mine and other obstacles for other troops.They played a pioneering role in Bangalore's development. They built many buildings in Cantonment, including the Oriental Building and BRV Theatre. They still desilt Ulsoor Lake regularly and play a prominent role in preserving the water body.\"As Sappers, we are primarily combat engineers. Our job is to ensure the momentum and mobility of our own troops and to delay and restrict advance of our adversary. From the era of handling and planting explosives, constructing bridges quickly, over the years we have graduated to modern warfare where nations are strengthening their nuclear capabilities,\" said Lt Col Sanjay Sharma, who looks after training at MEG &amp; Centre.\"A recruit is made to undergo rigorous training and the overall development as a combat engineer and an intellectual warrior is monitored with precision. On successful completion of training here, a Sapper could be posted anywhere in the country -- from the highest battlefield in the world, Siachen, the desert of Rajasthan or jungles of North-East India,\" he added.Distinctive headgearIn the early days, Madras Sappers comprised soldiers mostly from South India and the men were referred to as 'Thambi' (younger brother in Tamil). \"Over the years, we've had people from North India too but even a man from Punjab or Rajasthan is called a Thambi,\" said an officer of the regiment.The Sappers' headgear is a gift from the Cheshire Regiment during the battle of Meanee in 1743. They adopted the headgear since then.Filed by: Arun/ Cleared by: S Prasad/es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16581945", "title": "Nashikites to lead Indian challenge in marathon", "text": "NASHIK: The Airtel Delhi Marathon will take place on Sunday, September 30, in New Delhi. Nashikites will take keen interest in the ongoings of the race as the Commonwealth Games and Asian Games medal winner Kavita Raut will be taking part along with her local colleague, Monica Athre .Kavita was the record breaking champion in 2009 with the timing of 67.12 her record is still intact even after three years. Now she is focusing on improving her record. \"I am happy to be back in the Delhi Marathon as that is my favourite event \", said Kavita. Her coach Veejendra Singh added, \"With the defending champion Lalita Babbar, Sudha Singh and Kiran Tiwari\u2014 all international players in the race, Kavita will have to be at her best to win the half marathon.\" 19-year-old Monica Ath re too will rub shoulders with the other big names. But by wining the 10-km Bangalore international and the Chennai national, Monica has shown that she has arrived .Monica said, \"I have prepared well and am looking forward to the event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16581985", "title": "HUDA executive engineer shunted after complaints", "text": "GURGAON: An executive engineer of HUDA has been transferred after complaints on his recurrent tiffs with a senior HUDA official in Gurgaon.The transfer orders were issued by the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, on Thursday morning after getting the complaint that the executive engineer, Naresh Pawar, was not even on talking terms with the Superintendent Engineer (SE), A K Gupta. Pawar, who was posted in Division No. 3 and has now been transferred to Division No. 1 of HUDA with immediate effect. The HUDA administrator recently suspended three junior engineers who were sloppy in executing road repairs in the Southern Peripheral Road project.Commenting on the reason for Pawar's transfer, a senior HUDA official said: \"There hasbeen no respite in the tension between the SE and Pawar and in the absence of communication between the two officials, the work was suffering.\" In Division No. 1, Pawar was in charge of the Basai water treatment plant and now in Division No. 3 he will be in charge of road projects that are monitored directly by the administrator.HUDA sources say that Pawar's transfer is not a reprimand since he will continue to handle sensitive projects. The department has cleared several crores of rupees worth of road construction projects in the city.Sources also said that Pawar's role is being probed in a vigilance enquiry ordered early this month. A HUDA official said: \"The chief administrator has recently marked a complaint that was received from the state vigilance bureau, Panchkula.\" The state vigilance bureau had received complaint from a Gurgaon resident alleging large-scale fraud.Sources said that the HUDA administrator office was discreetly looking into the complaint and submit the report to the HUDA chief administrator's office. It may be recalled that Pawar had been embroiled in controversies over poor maintenance of Basai water treatment plant. The administrator had ordered a vigilance probe into the allegations of the poor upkeep of the plant and it was found that the plant is in a shoddy condition.The biggest irregularity was found in the tender of Alum and chlorination, which was awarded to a company without adequate inexperience. Last month, the plant had to be closed for a short time because there was no supply of Alum. There were allegations that Pawar, single-handedly tweaked the rules and awarded the contract. TOI had done a series of stories on the discrepancies in the maintenance of the plant. The vigilance report was prepared by another executive engineer, S K Gupta. The report had mentioned that the plant is maintained by the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582329", "title": "Goutam Ghose to shoot documentary on painter Suvaprasanna", "text": "KOLKATA: Here is good news for art lovers, especially those who are in awe of Suvaprasanna. The artist, his life and works will soon be seen in a documentary.The documentary, which is being shot by none other than Goutam Ghose, will bring together two prides of the city - a renowned painter and an ace filmmaker. Ghose, however, did not want to reveal much about the film. \"We are working on a film and the subject is arts and life. Suvaprasanna is the medium,\" Ghose told TOI.The film will trace the journey of the painter, right from his days of struggle to the present day. The artist's German connection, too, will be portrayed in the film. Hence German novelist, poet, illustrator and sculptor Gunter Grass will also appear in the documentary.Suvaprasanna, who left for Germany on Thursday, said; \"We will be shooting in Germany for few days. Gunter Grass has been a good friend of mine for more than two decades now. He even stayed at my house in 1986 and inaugurated my exhibition in the city in 1998. He has agreed to give his interview for the documentary.\"The painter added that Gunter Grass is a big influence in his life. The Nobel Laureate had inspired him to come out of the ivory tower and speak up whenever there was something wrong around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16583387", "title": "Two anganbadi workers killed by speeding car", "text": "KANPUR: Two 'anganbadi' workers were killed while three others sustained serious injuries when they were run over by a speeding Bolero car near Jajmau Ganga bridge under Gangaghat police station in Unnao district in the wee-hours of Thursday. The injured were admitted to Lala Lajpat Rai hospital where the doctors stated condition of one critical.According to reports, the speeding vehicle hit 'anganbadi' workers Asha Devi, Mamta, Manju, Suman and Shashi Devi, all natives of Firozabad district, near Pipar Kheda village of Unnao at around 4 am. The driver escaped with the vehicle.The injured 'anganbadi' workers were rushed to the Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital where the doctors declared two of them -- Asha Devi and Mamta -- brought dead. The condition of another worker, Suman, was stated as critical. Reports added that hundreds of 'anganbadi' workers in five buses were on their way to the state capital to take part in a protest organised by their association.The anganbadi workers staged a protest at the hospital and clashed with police who tried to control them. Later, a bigger contingent of PAC jawans controlled them. Police said a case had been lodged and hunt was on for the car driver who ran away after hitting the workers.\"The accident took place when a group of 'anganbadi' workers, who were trying to cross the Kanpur-Lucknow National Highway-25, were hit by the speeding vehicle,\" said a senior police official while talking to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581518", "title": "LPG price hike hurts god too!", "text": "NAGPUR: It's official now - even God can't escape the LPG price hike. The almighty himself must be trying to come to terms with a stupendous 142% hike in LPG prices that religious charities will have to pay now. They, along with educational charities, will now have to shell out Rs1,085 per domestic cylinder as compared to the Rs817.50 that households will pay.Nandram Raipure, president of Vidarbha LPG Distributors Association, said, \"The cylinders for charity come under a special category called 'non-domestic exempt' and use the same 14.2kg bottle. We will start calculating the subsidized cylinder usage from September 14 onwards till March 31 next year.\"The famous Ayyappa temple at Anant Nagar witnesses a huge line of devotees on any given day, but come November and the rush will grow manifold. Shreekumar Pillai, secretary of the temple's trust, said, \"From November 16 to January 14 we will be using up one LPG cylinder everyday due to the holy month of Vrushchika. We will be making huge quantities of prasad for devotees and this price hike will surely hurt, but then rules are rules. On a regular basis, we just require two cylinders in a month, one for prasad and the other one to cook food for the staff.\"The Gurudwara on Kamptee Road too sees an almost non-stop flow of devotees and its trustees are worried about the price hike. Tejpal Singh, secretary, Gurudwara Singh Sabha, said, \"We have to prepare food for the community at large where everyone is welcome, so our requirement is naturally higher. Every month we use up almost 30 cylinders, so this drastic jump in prices will definitely hit us hard.\"Schools are the other charitable institutes, where this decision will have an effect, since midday meals are prepared everyday at government and aided schools. While the LPG connection is in the schools' name and they pay for it, ultimately the state government reimburses that amount.B Deshmukh, state government official in charge of midday meal scheme for Nagpur district, says around 4.7 lakh students in the district avail of the free meal scheme in schools. \"Around 8,000 cylinders are needed every month in the district and we will reimburse any amount that they have to pay for LPG,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16582003", "title": "Short-staffed MCG set to shrink further", "text": "GURGAON: The already short-staffed MCG is likely to lose some more employees following a court ruling restraining government departments from employing on contractual basis those who have already retired.Due to shortage of employees and with the state government not giving sanction for recruitment of new staff, there are quite a few employees in the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon who still hold key positions even beyond the age of superannuation by getting extension from time to time.According to sources, there is a list being prepared by the MCG authorities regarding such employees who are still working despite retirement.\"The general trend has been that even though officially the age of retirement is 55 years, employees get extension each year up to the age of 58 years. However, in our case, there is limited staff and in some key responsible positions we are being forced to retain officials who are already retired because it is hard to find a replacement. We have repeatedly requested the state government to hire additional staff since the day-to-day working is getting badly affected by the staff shortage but no attention is being paid,\" said a senior administrative official.\"On the contrary, there are now indications that we might not be able to employ such retired officials on contract. This will not help us in any way, since some important responsibilities like that of tehsildar can be performed by only experienced staff. Some of the present officials are quite good at their job and are very familiar with the records and details of land records and such important things. If some people from other districts join, or some fresh employees are hired, they might not be fully aware of such minute details,\" he said.Meanwhile, the mayor has said that he would again talk to the chief minister when the latter visits the city next week and ask him to sanction the process of recruiting new employees. He said that it is getting extremely difficult to carry out development projects because of the skeletal staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16581479", "title": "Editor lands in police net", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police in Sant Ravidas Nagar arrested the editor-in-charge of a book and are on the lookout for the chief editor of the publication for printing and circulating objectionable material involving Gods, Goddesses, Prophets and women from Hindu and Muslim communities. The arrest was made under section 153 (A) which calls for action against promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race etc. and doing acts prejudicial to maintenance of harmony and section 295 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) which pertains to injuring or defiling place of worship with intent to insult the religion of any class.The government has directed the police to keep an eye on elements trying to disrupt the communal harmony in the state following Intelligence Bureau inputs and media reports of a possible conspiracy to incite communal passions in the state. Reports reaching the director general of police (DGP) headquarters, said that late on Tuesday night, Haseeb Khan, a resident of Pashchim Taraf in Bhadohi police circle lodged a written complaint against all those responsible for printing and publishing of a booklet titled 'Vartamaan Kranti' in with the lead story headlined \"Satya bolna paap hai, Subse kaho hum sex baaz hain\" (speaking truth is a sin, tell everyone your are fond of sex).He alleged in his complaint that the publication contained derogatory description of divine entities of both Hindu and Muslim religions and women in general. He expressed suspicion that unchecked circulation of the publication in public could lead to a communal flare-up and trigger animosity among the communities which could assume violent proportions. Taking a serious note of the complaint, the police immediately swung into action and traced the accused responsible for the publication and circulation of the objectionable material.It came to light that the said publication was printed at Aughardhani Printing Press situated in Chitni Talab locality in Salabat Bazaar area in Bhadohi police circle.Police raided the publication premises and seized 100 copies of the booklet in question. Police then rounded up Shailendra Pathak - a native of Jaunpur, who was residing in Rajpura colony of Bhadohi and later identified as the editor-in-charge of the publication. Police are on the lookout for the chief editor of the publication Sunil Kumar Gangadhar, a resident of Chitni Bazaar area itself.Police said once the chief editor is arrested, the two will be taken on police remand for further interrogation in order to unveil the other faces behind the publication and the motive behind the move.Senior officials said raids are being conducted in three different districts in search of the second identified accused. \"In case the police fails to arrest the second accuse, then we will move the court and seek directions to attach the property of the accused,\" said a senior officer associated with the investigations into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16583402", "title": "Air Force officials deliberate on safety aspects", "text": "KANPUR: The Annual Maintenance Command Aerospace Safety Council Meeting was held at Air Force Station, Kanpur on Thursday. The meeting was attended by Air Vice Marshal, JS Kler (Vayusena Medal), Senior Air and Administration Staff Officer Headquarter Maintenance Command and Air Commodore, R Marwaha (Vishisht Seva Medal, Principal Director Aerospace Safety Air Headquarters). In addition, officers from Air Headquarters, Maintenance Command and units under Maintenance Command participated in the meeting.Wing Commander, M Suneetha Rani (Station PRO) informed that the meeting commenced with the inaugural address by Air Marshal, J Chandra through videoconfrencing from Sulur. Participants were welcomed by Air Commodore, Gulshan Rai, Air Officer Commanding Air Force Station, Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16582060", "title": "Mayem locals demand better bus services", "text": "BICHOLIM: Residents of Poira ward in Mayem village have demanded bus services from Bicholim to Mapusa via Poira-Corjuem in order to end their woes due to irregular plying of passenger buses from Bicholim to Poira.Commuters, especially students, are facing hardships as the few buses plying on Bicholim-Poira route are always irregular and do not ply on Sundays and holidays. The villagers have also suggested an option of granting permission to the buses on Mapusa-Aldona route to come to Bicholim via Corjuem, Poira and also to start at least one Kadamba bus from Bicholim to Poira.\"The buses here are always irregular. Moreover, most of the bus owners prefer to keep their buses off the route especially on Sundays and holidays. As a result, we have to walk a distance of seven km to reach Poira from Bicholim and vice-versa,\" lamented Sanjay Shetye from Mayem.The Bicholim to Poira route has villages like Kelbaiwada, Jambhulbhat, Tirthbag, Ardhawada, Bhandarwada, Patto, Chimulwada, Haldanwadi, Sinquerim and Poira. All the commuters in this area have to suffer due to absence of buses. Villagers have also expressed surprise over the failure to fully utilize the Poira-Corjuem and Corjuem-Aldona bridge to solve the transport problem of the villagers residing in this area.Villagers have urged Mayem MLA-cum-deputy speaker Anant Shet and Aldona MLA Glenn Ticlo to solve the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "basirhat", "code": "16582171", "title": "Cop held for wife's death", "text": "BASIRHAT: A subsidiary intelligence branch (SIB) officer was arrested from Basirhat on Wednesday night for allegedly killing his wife. He was posted in Gangtok and landed at Kolkata airport on Wednesday with his wife's body in a coffin, saying she had a heart attack.His father-in-law, a resident of Goalpara in Basirhat, accused him of murdering Mousumi and went to the police. The couple was married for eight years.Mousumi's family alleges that the SIB officer tortured Mousumi for dowry and the atrocities increased when she could not give birth to a child. \"He never told us that she had any ailment. He killed my daughter after beating her up severely,\" Chittaranjan said. The accused policeman has been remanded in jail custody for 14 days. The cause of death has yet to be ascertained.\"Two months ago, he demanded Rs 2 lakh from me but I refused. Mousumi had earlier narrated her plight to us and we had asked him several times not to torture her.\"\"I had already given Rs 50,000 cash and gold ornaments at my daughter's marriage but after marriage Chinmoy demanded more money following which he used to torture my daughter both physically and mentally. Two months back Chinmoy demanded Rs 2 lakh from me which I had refused to pay him. Then he continued to harass my daughter. Mousumi had earlier narrated her plight to us and we asked him several times not to torture her, but in vain. As they have no children my son-in-law worsened the torture on my daughter,\" said Chittaranjan Biswas, Mousumi's father.\"Around 9.30pm on Wednesday Chinmoy arrived my house in a taxi with the coffin of my daughter. He told us that Mousumi died of a heart attack but he earlier never informed us about her illness. He killed my daughter after beating her up severely,\" Chittaranjan also added.Police are however yet to ascertain the exact cause behind her death and the body was sent for an autopsy. \"We have arrested Chinmoy on the basis of a complaint lodged by the victim's father. An investigation has already been started in this connection. We are also waiting for the postmortem report to know the exact cause behind her murder,\" said Ananda Charan Sarkar, SDPO, Basirhat.Chinmoy was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days after being produced before the Basirhat sub-divisional court on Thursday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583540", "title": "TNEB says tariff plea a quarterly affair", "text": "CHENNAI: With reference to the report, 'Another rate hike in the offing? TNEB seeks tariff revision again', that appeared in TOI on Wednesday, Tamil Nadu Electricity Board chairman Rajeev Ranjan on Thursday said the board had filed a petition before the state electricity regulatory commission \"disclosing fuel costs and power purchase adjustment details\" as it was mandatory to comply with the legal requirements.The Electricity Act, 2003 makes it mandatory for power distribution utilities to file such petitions. Also, the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission, in an order on March 30 this year, had directed the board to file quarterly petitions.The B K Chathurvedi Committee has also said the electricity boards should file details of fuel costs and power purchase before the regulatory commission to avail the Centre's financial restructuring package. However, the commission decides on tariff revision only at the end of the year and not on receipt of the quarterly petitions, said Ranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581218", "title": "Need new form of government to beat coalition impasse: Kuldip Nayar", "text": "NAGPUR: Former Indian high commissioner to Britain and veteran journalist Kuldip Nayar, who has closely observed political developments in Indian democracy for several decades, opined that time has come to think about an alternative form of government like the presidential system in the US or France.\"It is clear from the prevailing situation that in the next at least ten years no single political party will be in a position to form a government on its own. We are saddled with the coalition politics that is hurting country's development. Should we wait for such time till a firm single party rule becomes possible and lose on development for years? I think the time has come to think of possible alternatives - like the presidential form of government. Have an elected president heading the government with a mandate of four years to rule effectively,\" said Nayar.He was speaking at the late Maulana Abdul Karim Parekh memorial lecture organised jointly by Humanity Charitable Trust and RTM Nagpur University at the Convocation Hall on Thursday. 'Importance of peace and harmony for any progress,' was the theme on which he spoke. In his short but impressive address, the veteran columnist said India and the sub-continent should closely preserve its spiritual heritage and values that are fast eroding because of mindless aping of the western culture.Expressing concern over the falling standards of the fourth estate, he said time has also come for establishing a Press Commission. The last such exercise to formulate guidelines was done in the 70s after Emergency. \"But now we have ugly happenings like paid news and TV channels asserting regional identities at the cost of national unity as well as media house cartels running newspapers and TV channels which need to be looked into closely to stop all malpractices,\" said Nayar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panskura", "code": "16582593", "title": "Bengal minister\u2019s wife accused of torturing, abusing minor", "text": "PANSKURA: State water resources minister Soumen Mahapatra's wife has been accused of torturing and sexually abusing a teenaged domestic help, who was found dead in their house in East Midnapore's Panskura earlier this week.Parents of the maid, 16-year-old Mithu Bera, named Sumana Mahapatra in the complaint lodged at East Midnapore SP Sukesh Jain's office on Thursday.They refuted the local police's claims that Mithu had committed suicide and alleged she was killed. \"We suspect this was an unnatural death. My daughter was murdered and then hanged,\" said the girl's father Khokon Chandra, accompanied by his wife Saraswati.TOI called up the minister's residence for his reaction, but a man who answered the call and claimed to be his neighbour said Mahapatra was away. Sumana, he said, had left for the ward office and wasn't available for comment.Mithu's parents also alleged they were initially kept in the dark about their daughter's death. Around 4pm on Wednesday, more than 24 hours after Mithu died, they were asked to travel to Panskura from their village in the Patashpur PS area to attend the birthday celebrations of the minister's son Bodhisatya, Khokon and Saraswati told police.When they reached Panskura around 6pm, they were received by Montu Mora, who got Mithu the job at the Mahapatra household. It was Mora who took them to the police station, where they learnt about their daughter's \"suicide\".The Beras also alleged they were forced to to sign on a blank paper. They said they were put up at a motel for the night and paid Rs 50,000 by the minister's family as expenses related to the funeral. The police conducted an autopsy and helped them take the body to a local crematorium.Local SUCI leader Manik Maity said, \"Our party has demanded an investigation into the death.\" The SUCI held an agitation at Tamluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582348", "title": "Tainted Kolkata cop held for murder attempt", "text": "KOLKATA: Tainted Kolkata Police constable Tarak Das was arrested by the anti-rowdy squad of city police from Jadavpur on Wednesday. He was produced before the court on Thursday and remanded to police custody till October 1.Das was booked for attempt to murder. He was absconding since September 19, after being accused of ransacking a Citu office at Baghajatin and attacking Citu supporters.Locals alleged that Das, who is also a Trinamool Congress leader, had led an attack on CPM supporters, including Citu leader Soumit Das, when they were holding a meeting at the office of Citu-affiliated rickshaw puller union.\"The Trinamool supporters wanted Citu to vacate the office for us. They refused, triggering tension,\" said Ganesh Sarkar, a rickshaw puller, adding that the Garia-Jadavpur Rickshaw Van Chaloker Union had requested the Citu supporters several times before turning to the local Trinamool leaders for help.Das' name first came up when he allegedly led an attack on journalists who were trying to report the ransacking of CPM's Jadavpur zonal party office during a Left declared transport strike on February 25.Police didn't arrest Tarak, even though his name was found in the FIR. A departmental inquiry was ordered against Tarak, but the DCP - who had ordered it - was transferred a few days later. A suspension order against him was revoked on April 25 and three days later Tarak was accused of another assault, this time on a Trinamool Congress worker Pradip Ghosh. Tarak was later granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16583896", "title": "Bittu using Canada links to revive terrorism: Police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab Police, under pressure from human rights watch group over the dramatic arrest of a Ludhiana-based radical Sikh leader Daljit Singh alias Bittu, has defended his custody through an FIR which mentions his plans to revive terrorist activities in the country.Daljit Singh, former president Akali Dal (Panch Pardhani), was arrested from his residence in Gurdev Nagar in Ludhiana on September 21 along with Akali Dal (Panch Pardhani) president Kulbir Singh Barapind.\"The representatives of Bittu and Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) met at Surrey in Canada in the second week of September, where they planned to revive terrorist activities in the country,\" reads the FIR, a copy of which is with TOI.Bittu and Barapind had earlier been slapped with sedition charges. Their arrests had caused a concern among various human rights groups and other panthic organizations in the state.The FIR, which has been filed by Inspector Nirmal Singh, however does not mention any seizure of explosive material at Bittu's residence. While pointing out his relations with the wanted leaders in Punjab, including those from BKI, Khalistan Zindabad Force (KZF) and Khalistan Tiger Force, it also does not mention the methods of communication used.\"Since January 2011, activists and supporters of BKI and KZF settled abroad have sent more than Rs 1 crores to Daljit Singh's associates through hawala channels and he has made several sleeper cells of terrorist across the country,\" it reads further. \"There is creditable information that he has made plans along with Wadhawa Singh of BKI, Ranjit Singh aka Neeta of KZF and Jagtar Singh Tara of KTF to revive terrorist activities and assist some of the inmates lodged in Nabha jail to escape,\" the FIR adds.BKI chief Wadhawa Singh is believed to be hiding in Pakistan. KTF supremo Tara is wanted by investigation agencies after his escape from Model Burail Jail here in January 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582347", "title": "Businessman duped of Rs 3.52 lakh by Nigerian conmen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Like many citizens who get SMSs on a regular basis from oil firms and multinational giants about huge amount of money won in lotteries, Prakash Asheri, a resident of Naroda, also got one such message on his cellphone.However, unlike others, he believed in the lottery and his luck and decided to go ahead with the scheme in July. And a month later, he realized that he was duped of Rs 3.52 lakh.Asheri, who lives in Ambika Park, is a small-time entrepreneur. When he got a message from a firm that he had won five lakh British Pounds (approx Rs 4.25 crore) in an international lottery that had chosen his 'lucky number,' he thanked his lucky stars.As Asheri did not know much about the internet, he approached a class X boy who sent a mail on the given email id with his name and contact details. The mail set things in motion as he started receiving calls and emails from two persons who identified themselves as Brian and David Ego. In a typical Nigerian style, they sent Asheri a scanned copy of the prize certificate and also stated that they would have to wait for 'RBI clearance' for the fund transfers.The game continued for a month between July 7 and August 4 during which Asheri and two others sent a total of Rs 3.52 lakh in four different bank accounts. Asheri also got call from a woman named Sabina Mishra who informed him that his money had reached New Delhi. When he was again asked to deposit Rs 1 lakh for getting the sum, he realized that he was duped and contacted police.\"We have started the investigation on the basis of the account numbers and email id used by the fraudsters,\" said Naroda police station inspector M A Vala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "16582111", "title": "Woman dies of swine flu", "text": "JAMNAGAR: A 28-year-old woman succumbed to swine flu in Jamnagar on Wednesday.Sources said that Bhavna Gohel, a resident of Navagam area in the city was admitted to civil hospital after she complained of high fever on Tuesday.Doctors at the hospital shifted her to the isolation ward as she displayed symptoms of swine flu. Her blood samples were sent for laboratory analysis and she had tested H1N1 positive. She is the fourth person to have died of swine flu in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16581148", "title": "Govt to observe Beti Bachao Week from Oct 5", "text": "BHOPAL: With daughters' Day on October 5 and International Girl Child Day on October 11, the state government has decided to observe Beti Bachao Week from October 5 to 11.According to a government spokesman, the chief minister will chair the state-level functions during the week while district-level functions will be held in the presence of minister in charge of the district.Block-level programmes will be organised in the presence of distinguished citizens and people's representatives. Three media persons each will be awarded on October 5 at the district level for publishing news and articles for creating positive effects. As per directives given earlier, only daughter's parents clubs will be constituted. Process to constitute clubs will get underway from October 5, spokesman added.The government has decided to honour those families having one girl child at all the government functions. The girls who have achieved special success in education, sports and cultural fields will also be felicitated at government functions.On the lines of Madhya Pradesh gaan, the state government is getting prepared a song focusing on daughters.District collectors have been directed that like Madhya Pradesh Gaan, all the government functions should begin with daughters' song in future.Beti Bachao Abhiyan was launched on October 5 last year by the BJP-ruled government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16583493", "title": "Sun, surf and bolt from blue, they\u2019ve everything but a life", "text": "CHENNAI: Ramar, 15, has been walking on Marina Beach for more than an hour selling sundal (boiled peas). As his calf muscles start aching, he decides to walk on the slope closer to the waves because the sand there is firmer. He has to carry on for another five hours to earn 200 for his owner.As dark clouds gather, he throws a furtive glance at the sky. It was only yesterday that his friend R Vignesh, 15, died after being struck by a lightning bolt. For more than 12 hours, police didn't know who Vignesh's parents were. He had run away from home and was earning his own living.\"It's not just the lightning,\" Ramar says. \"If it rains, I will have to throw away my sundal,\" he says.Ramar who lives with his 'uncle-cum-owner', a sundal maker in Ayodhya Kuppam, hails from Paramakudi district. He was brought here two years ago by his uncle who paid his parents 10,000. \"I earn around 200 a day for my uncle, if I earn anything more than that, I am allowed to keep the money,\" he says. Ramar is a Class 8 student at the corporation-run middle school on KP Samy Street. He attends classes for two weeks a month, only as a precaution against being taken to a children's home by the police.Nominal education of the children allows their parents and guardians of these children to escape the police net. \"I heard people get picked up by the police, and beaten up inside juvenile homes,\" says Ramar. If that happens, the child's parent or owner approaches the school headmaster and gets a 'letter' from them stating that the child is a student of the school.Most students in the area study at the KP Samy Street corporation middle school or the Model Government School in the area. \"There are 40 boys staying with employers or on the beach, after leaving home due to poverty or because they had a fight with their parents,\" says S Kumar, another sundal vendor. Some of them do not feel like returning to their parents, and slowly forget them, he adds.Most of them look up to 28-year-old Shekar Selvan who ran away from his poverty-stricken home near Salem 20 years ago, and landed here with 120 in his pocket. \"I managed to get a job with a mango seller on the beach. I used to earn him 50 a day,\" he remembers. The man now runs his own sundal business.The plight of these children was presented on the big screen through the film 'Marina' directed by Pandiraj. \"When I started interacting with the boys, each of them had a story of his own,\" says Pandiraj.Police say when they find boys below 14 years working, they call up the child welfare committee, which sends them to government homes. \"They are kept there till they turn 18, unless their parents bring their ID proof and promise not to let them work again,\" said a police officer.Child welfare committee officials say they rescue at least five boys every month from the Marina. \"But we send most of them back with the parents as that's best for them,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582369", "title": "Baby girl dumped in Salt Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: A newborn was found abandoned in a bush near the CA block crossing in Salt Lake on Thursday morning.All the fingers in her right hand had been gnawed off, possiblyby a rodent, said sources.Two green police personnel, who were on foot-patrol, heard the frail whimpers of the baby. They tracked the sound and found a child wrapped in a cloth.The baby was immediately taken to Bidhan Nagar hospital and then to NRS Hospital after preliminary care.The body of another newborn was found last week from a bush in Salt Lake. The child was, however, found dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16582372", "title": "Kapil Sibal sends new improved Aakash tablet to Narendra Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's dig at Aakash tablet for being elusive, HRD minister Kapil Sibal has sent him two pieces of the improved Aakash-2 with a request that education be kept outside the pale of politics. As part of election promise, Gujarat Congress has said it will give free tablets to students if voted to power.In a letter to Modi, Sibal said he was \"disappointed\" to hear the chief minister's statement about Aakash tablet. \"Education is a collaborative venture beyond the pale of politics and we need to work together in the best interests of the children of the country,\" Sibal said.The minister explained that Aakash was an initiative to empower the disadvantaged by providing access to the digital world. Sibal admitted the project was treading into \"ambitiously unknown territory by attempting to develop a product at low-cost suitable to educational needs by using the innovative capabilities residing in Indian institutions\". He said modifications were carried out on Aakash by IIT-Bombay and an improved version ws now available.\"The modified version of Aakash is comparable in quality to products that are available in the market at over four times the proposed cost of Aakash i.e. Rs 2,276. IIT-Bombay, in collaboration with others, has also developed a number of educational applications which will be pre-loaded on Aakash-2 before it is provided to educational institutions and to students,\" he said.Sibal also told Modi that Aakash-2 represented the \"progressive endeavour of our country to empower the aam aadmi\". He requested Modi to cooperate not only for the children who would benefit but also to \"maintain the morale of the institutions which have collaborated in an initiative never before seen in the country\".On Teacher's Day, Modi had said too much hype was being created around Aakash tablets but it was yet to come down to earth. \"Eleven months have passed, but no Aakash tablet has come down to earth ... Now I realize why this gizmo is named 'Aakash,'\" Modi had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16581487", "title": "SGPGI docs to retire at 65 years", "text": "times news networkLUCKNOW: The teachers of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) will now retire at the age of 65 years. Governor BL Joshi gave his nod to the final statues recently. In another significant decision, the tenure of SGPGI director has been increased from three to five years.This means that the present director Prof RK Sharma will have an extended tenure of two years.Ironically, these SGPGI statues have been finalized after 25 years. Till now, the retirement age of SGPGI teaches was 62 years.Experts said the rise in retirement age will help address the faculty crunch in the institution. SGPGI teachers had submitted many representations to chief secretary Jawed Usmani in this regard. At present, SGPGI has 145 teachers against 250 sanctioned posts. Besides teaching and research, the institute needs experienced doctors to manage patient care services. The shortage of doctors puts excess burden on the shoulders of those available.Government officials, however, said the finalisation of the statutes and extension of the director were two different developments.Giving more details about the statutes, Prof RK Sharma said, \"Broadly speaking, points in the statutes are on the lines of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences. We have tried to define everyone's duty, discipline and conduct rules, and functioning of various sub-sections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581458", "title": "CST victim was assaulted before being throttled", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the murder case of a woman, whose body was found stuffed inside a trolley bag at CST, said it was likely that the crime had occurred in a town bordering Pune. The bag was found on platform number 8 on Wednesday morning, minutes after the Sinhagad Express had arrived. CCTV footage confirmed that two men travelling in the train had offloaded the bag onto the platform, looked around for a few minutes before walking off the main concourse.Police sources said the bogie, from which the men had alighted at CST, is opened to passengers only at Chinchwad. It remains shut between Pune and Chinchwad. \"We have checked CCTV footages at stations in the CST-Kalyan belt as well as at Pune. But nothing relevant has been found,\" said an official. A passenger told the police he recollected spotting the bag inside the bogie at Karjat, which suggests the two men had boarded the train somewhere between Chinchwad and Karjat.Post-mortem reports of the victim revealed that she had been assaulted, before being throttled to death. \"There are injuries on her body, which suggest she was assaulted either with a stick or with kicks and blows,\" said senior inspector S Deshmukh.On Thursday, the government railway police (GRP) dispatched the victim's photographs to all police stations in the city and railway stations to identify her. The cops are also checking if any missing complaint has been filed, matching the victim's description, between Mumbai and Pune. \"We have formed teams of personnel and assigned specific responsibilities to each of them. The teams have been sent to Karjat, Lonavala and Pimpri-Chinchwad,\" a top official said.The GRP is trying to obtain clearer images of the two men getting off at CST from CCTV grabs with the help of a software. Investigators will also be comparing notes with the team, which solved the March 2011 murder case of Rehmat Haq, whose body was found stuffed in a suitcase at Sandhurst Road station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "16583775", "title": "10-yr-old Apna Ghar inmate dies in Bhiwani Bal ashram", "text": "BHIWANI: A 10-year-old mentally challenged girl who was shifted from Rohtak's Apna Ghar shelter home to the Hanumante Baal ashram after exposure of sexual and physical abuse of the inmates in May this year, died of an unknown ailment in Bhiwani civil hospital on Wednesday night.This is the second case of death among Apna Ghar inmates in the last five months. Another victim, 37-year-old Sharda Devi, had died of tuberculosis at PGIMS, Rohtak, on July 17.The deceased, Kaajal, had been staying at the Hanumante Baal ashram for the last over four months, after the inmates were shifted out of the Rohtak shelter home. The NCPCR team had raided the Apna Ghar and exposed the brutal sexual and physical abuse of around 100 inmates staying at the home run by an NGO, Bharat Vikas Sangh.Bhiwani deputy commissioner AshokKumar Meena, however, maintained that the girl had been ailing for a long time and was also not responding to treatment. \"I have assigned a magisterial probe into the incident,\" he said.A preliminary inquiry has indicated that the girl died of weakness and hunger. \"There are signs of starvation as the shelter home officials stated that the girl had not been taking food for several days. She also reacted aggressively when the officials tried to administer food or medicine to her,\" said a source.Krishan Kumar, a medical officer at the Bhiwani civil hospital who conducted the post mortem, confirmed weakness and ailment as prima facie causes but said that the exact cause would be established in the viscera report which had been sent to the forensic laboraty at Madhuban in Karnal.Stating that the death of a child at the shelter home was a serious issue, activist lawyer Utsav Bains, who filed a PIL in the case in Punjab and Haryana court following which the court got the matter probed by its agency, said, \"If a child who lives under state protection died due to ailment, it's a shocking breach of trust by the state and proves a systemic failure on the part of executive and bureaucracy. It is the state's responsibility to heal a child's wounds by medical treatment, rehabilitation and compensation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16582070", "title": "Koli sammelan in Lathi to seek tickets for community", "text": "RAJKOT: Cutting across party lines, Koli leaders from Saurashtra would be gathering in Lathi town of Amreli district to demand that political parties field community candidates on Lathi-Babra-Damnagar assembly seat.The sammelan is being organized by Koli Sena, an outfit floated by state fisheries minister Parshottam Solanki to chalk out a strategy on behalf of the community for forthcoming assembly polls.\"We want a Koli to be elected from Lathi-Babra-Damnagar assembly constituency. There are over 60,000 Koli votes in this seat, but no political party has ever given a ticket to a member from the community. Sitting BJP MLA Hanu Dhorajiya is a Leuva Patel. In the past, Congress has also been fielding Patels and we presume that Gujarat Parivartan Party floated by Keshubhai Patel would do the same,\" a Koli Sena functionary said.Sources said the Sena would demand tickets for Koli candidates from both, the Congress and the BJP. The community has decided to support whosoever accepts their demand. Leaders from both the main parties have been invited for the sammelan.\"Congress MPs Kunvarji Bavajia and Soma Patel, who represent Rajkot and Surendranagar seats, have been invited. Solanki would be the BJP leader present at the event,\" a Koli leader Vinod Nagani said. He added that there are more than 25 seats in Saurashtra where Koli community plays an important role in determining the winner. In the outgoing assembly, there are six MLAs from Koli community who had been elected on BJP and Congress tickets. The seats where the community candidates won are Ghogha, Talaja, Una, Chotila, Halvad, and Rajula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "16584516", "title": "19 people killed as private aircraft crashes in Nepal", "text": "KATHMANDU: All 19 people, mostly foreigners, aboard a Dornier aircraft of a private airline were killed today as the plane crashed minutes after taking off from the Tribhuvan International Airport here.Sixteen passengers and three crew members who were heading towards Lukla, gateway to Mt Everest, were killed when the small aircraft belonging to Sita Airways crashed two minutes after it took off at 6:15 am (local time), airport officials said.The plane had caught fire as soon as it took off and it crashed at the bank of the Manahara river in Koteshwor region, near a slum area, just 2-3 km south of the airport, the officials said.All the passengers are said to be foreigners and most of them are Italian tourists, according to preliminary reports.The crew members are identified as Captain Bijaya Tandukar, co-Pilot Takeshi Thapa and airhostess Ruja Shakya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16582679", "title": "State tiger reserves not to open till October 3", "text": "JAIPUR: Tourism in the Ranthambore and Sariska tiger reserves will have to wait a while longer. The Supreme Court on Thursday postponed to October 3 its decision on the ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves. Consequently, the state forest department also notified on its official website for tiger safari reservation that the park, which was supposed to open on October 1, will remain closed till October 3.According to sources, the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) presented the new guidelines in the court that permit tourism only in 20% of the core area.The new guidelines have been prepared with help of the Union government's expert committee on tiger conservation. \"The court has provided all concerned state governments with a copy of the affidavit and has sought objections or suggestions for October 3 hearing,\" the sources said.The order is likely to have a big impact on tourism in the two tiger reserves in the state, especially the Ranthambore tiger reserve. The parks were scheduled to open for tourism from October 1, but now that will have to wait. Officials of the state forest department refused to comment on it but said, \"The court has prevented tourism till October 3. Accordingly, we put up notices on our website so that all tourists coming here are well aware of the situation and are not taken by surprise.\"However, according to conservation biologists Dharmendra Khandal of Tiger Watch, \"Whatever damage the order could do for tourism has already been done. There have been cancellations in hotels but some tourists are booked at various hotels. But for them Ranthambore is just another stopover in their itinerary and as to what they would do in that stopover they will have to decide.\"On the positive side, if tourism is allowed in 20% area of the tiger reserve it might be a thing to rejoice about. \"As of now we are only using about 12% of the core area for tourism. The critical tiger reserve in Ranthambore consists of about 1,200 sq km in the Kailadevi, Sawai Man Singh and Ranthambore national parks. The permitted area would then be about 250 sq km, and if it is conducive for conservation of tigers, more areas could then be opened for tourism,\" sources felt.But the parks will also lose a lot of money. \"So far, the ban did not affect the parks because the parks were closed. But the closure in the season time hurt, impacting the revenue earned through gate money. The would mean lesser money that can be used for the upkeep of the park,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16584044", "title": "FDCM fails to get managing director due to short tenures!", "text": "NAGPUR: With very short tenures remaining for seniors, the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) has failed to get a managing director for nearly a month.The FDCM MD's post is of principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) rank. There are five PCCF posts in the state at present where senior IFS officials have already been posted. Traditionally, a senior PCCF is posted as FDCM MD.Going by this principle, in March when S K Sood retired, SK Khetarpal should have been posted as MD, but his junior Prakash Thosre was considered. Khetrapal was made PCCF (production &amp; management) in place of Thosre, who served for only four months and retired in August. Now, Khetarpal has only four months left.Another issue is that additional charge of MD is normally given to the chief general manager of FDCM, who is a senior APCCF level officer . But head of forest force (HoFF) AK Joshi has been given the additional charge instead of Ashok Sharma who is CGM. HoFF cannot to do justice to both key posts.Tasneem Ahmed, presently director general (DG) of social forestry , Pune, is keen to come to FDCM but is not being considered. Ahmed can get a tenure of nine months. He was overlooked in March too when he could have got a tenure of more than a year.The MD's post has been lying vacant after Thosre retired on August 31. Alinda Chandra, who is on deputation with the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), Delhi, is the senior most and wants to return to the parent cadre.Sources said Chandra is not being posted to FDCM as he will retire on October 31, 2012. Next officer who can be promoted is APCCF Sarvesh Kumar. If he is posted as MD of FDCM, his tenure will be for six months till April 2012.During his recent visit to TOI, principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi said, \"tenure for a year would be fine.\" In the next 14 months, at least seven senior IFS officials will retire.Those who will be posted as PCCFs during this period will get short tenures, except A K Saxena, A K Nigam and Sarjan Bhagat, who will hold charge for over two years. Bhagat may be PCCF for more than three years.It is not that government has not posted officials with short tenures as FDCM MD before. In 2007, A B Bhangre was posted as MD though he had only two months left. Officials were expecting postings on same lines, but government thinks it otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582525", "title": "Chess buffs take up TOI challenge on 64 squares as Grandmasters wait", "text": "KOLKATA: The call from The Times of India was to 'Challenge the Grandmasters' and now so many of you have put up your hand. While the overwhelming response has thrown a challenge to us, the avalanche of SMSs is hardly a surprise.Everyone knows that the passion for chess runs deep in this city, and now we are beginning to realise you love a dare too. From six to sixty, the response has shown that age is no bar when it comes to the passion for the game.The city's love affair with the chequered board is surely one of the reasons why we didn't have to look beyond its boundaries to rope in our five Grandmasters. While GM Dibyendu Barua, GM Surya Sekhar Ganguly, GM Deep Sengupta, WGM Nisha Mohta and WGM Mary Ann Gomes present the upper-crust, there are so many more from Bengal who have made an impact at the national and international levels.And then there are the others. Not quite running with Bengal's big guns for various personal reasons, they can still match the best on the passion quotient. This will be there chance to show that fire. \"I'm so happy with the response; it goes to show how passionate people of this city are about chess,\" Barua said on Thursday. \"It's a great opportunity and I'm glad people are taking it,\" he added. Barua pointed out that in the absence of the pressures that competitions bring, everyone can be much more relaxed and enjoy the outings.\"Though the response has exceeded expectations and the provisions that had been put in place, it's good that the organisers have decided not to turn back anyone,\" observed Barua, whose academy has now been entrusted to conduct the preliminary rounds that will throw up the ultimate challengers. \"That will happen on Saturday. The entries will be been divided into the three age-groups and 20 from each group will make the cut for the challenge on Sunday. I'm sure the competition on Saturday will be intense. Everyone will want to sit across the board from these top players.\"Barua himself has been among those first few GMs in the country (he was the second Indian after Viswanathan Anand ) who inspired a generation to push pieces on chequered boards and chase down 'norms'. Ganguly, who at 11 had become the youngest player to beat a Grandmaster (Grigory Serper), is now a member of 'Team Anand', helping the five-time world champion stay sharp as one of his 'seconds'.Sengupta, who became India's 22nd GM as recently as 2010, has been the under-12 world champion. The two ladies too have shining credentials. Nisha will always retain bragging rights for being Bengal's first WGM while Mary Ann, the former Asian junior champion who at 10 had given former world champion Kasparov a fight during a simultaneous display on the net, is the reigning national women's champion.As the battles of the brains break out, Shri Shikshayatan College auditorium will be one big board room of moves and counter-moves this weekend. The good news is you can still join the fight on the 64 squares..Just SMS CHESS nameage to 58888.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16582025", "title": "Isro case: Karnataka police nabs one from Punalur", "text": "KOLLAM: The Karnataka police team which was in Punalur in connection with the inquiry into the Isro trespassing case returned on Thursday. It is learnt that a studio owner in Punalur was taken into custody by the team and took with them to Bangalore for further interrogation.The team took two studio owners into custody on Wednesday but released one of them after interrogation. Sources said it was one person related with Spark studio in Punalur who was taken into custody for allegedly helping Beula Sam to manufacture a fake ISRO ID card.Apart from the two studios which were initially suspected to have helped Beula N Sam for using a fake ID card with which she tried to enter the Isro, Bangalore campus on September 21, the police team also conducted raids in some other studios in the locality. However, nothing suspicious could be found from there. The team members also interacted with the relatives and neighbours of Beula and collected as much details as possible.The Kerala police have almost wound up the inquiry into the case after asserting the version of Beula's relatives that she was mentally ill. \"All details regarding Beula Sam were collected and handed over to the Karnataka police,\" said a senior official. The local police were not informed of the visit by the Karnataka police team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586245", "title": "Sholay's editor passes away", "text": "MS Shinde, editor of film Sholay passed away on Friday morning. He was 81.Chandrashekhar Pusalkar, a close family friend confirmed, \"He passed away at Dharavi camp this morning. He was suffering from cancer.\"Shinde had fallen on hard times and had been living in PMGP Colony in Dharavi for the last two years. He was forced to shift there after the building he lived in Parel collapsed and the owner refused to help.Shinde who had the credit of editing 48 films including Seeta Aur Geeta, Saagar, Ram Jaane, Akalya and Brahmachari did not have enough money to pay his medical expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16583889", "title": "Shopping centre proposed at ISBT", "text": "INDORE: Still have some time left to catch the bus and you do not know how to spend the time? Most of us would have got into similar boring situations which only worsen with the wait for buses stretching longer. But, with the proposed shopping centre, people may not mind much the delay in arrival of buses at the inter-state bus terminal (ISBT) which is to come up near Rajeev Gandhi Crossing at scheme no 139 and 169 (A).Indore Development Authority (IDA) has already approached the state government for the diversion of land use of 8.24 hectare of land of ISBT. IDA wants to use 35 per cent land marked for ISBT for commercial purpose.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said that the construction of ISBT will cost around Rs 50 crore and to recover this amount, they want to use certain portion of land for commercial purpose.\"We have approached state government to approve FAR (Floor Area Ration) of 3 as equal to Super Corridor for the ISBT. So that certain portion of land can be used for commercial purpose,\" he said adding that commercial use of a portion of land will not only help recover the cost of the project but it will be a permanent source of revenue, which can be used for maintenance of ISBT.Bhopal and Jabalpur have already successfully experimented with the commercial use of certain portion of ISBT land. \"In Bhopal, 25 per cent of ISBT land is used for commercial purpose, while in Jabalpur 35 per cent of land is used of commercial purpose,\" said Singh adding that 35 per cent of commercial use of ISBT land in Indore will make this project viable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581358", "title": "Traffic arrangement for immersion in place", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police have made elaborate arrangements and imposed traffic restrictions on Telangkhedi lake road and other areas in the city for Ganesh immersion beginning from September 28. There will, however, be certain relaxations during non-peak hours.The movement of vehicles carrying Ganesh idols is made unidirectional. All vehicles carrying Ganesh idols from Lakadganj, Kotwali, Tehsil, Ajni, Ganeshpeth and other areas in east and central will have to approach Telangkhedi lake via Subhash road, Agyaram Devi, Cotton Market square, Loha pull, Manas Chowk, Morris College T-point, RBI square, Satkar Guest House, Liberty T-point, CK Naidu Square, Sadar Police station road, Japani Garden square, WCL headquarters, and Telangkhedi Hanuman temple road.Similarly, idols coming through Central Avenue, will pass through Railway overbridge, Jaistambh Chowk, Shree Mohini Complex, LIC square, Sadhu Waswani statue. Idols approaching Telangkhadi lake on vehicles will leave the area by Vayusena Nagar Road, leaving the idols for immersion on hand carts, said senior traffic officials. The handcarts would only leave the lake from opposite side.On the north side of Telangkhadi lake, vehicles with idols will be allowed to approach the lake from the direction of Bharat Nagar area. A second gate has been proposed on the same side. The vehicles returning after leaving the idols on the ramp would be allowed to leave through this gate. Traffic cops will allow idols coming from Wadi side also to approach the lake from Bharat Nagar. Parking would be allowed in Telangkhadi garden, schools and areas near the under construction university premises.The traffic police have restricted the movement of heavy vehicles on National Highway 6 (Amravati road).Household idols will be immersed at Gandhisagar lake, Sonegaon Lake, Naik Talao, Sanjay Gandhi Nagar khadan (Sakkardara), Kalamna Khadan and Koradi lake. Adequate arrangements will also be made to ensure smooth movement of vehicles. After idols are taken out of the vehicles for immersion, vehicles will not be allowed to park near the lakes. The drivers have to take the vehicles to their destinations without waiting for the people who have accompanied the idol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vinukonda", "code": "16581442", "title": "13 injured in clashes over marriage", "text": "VINUKONDA: At least 13 people were injured in a clash when two groups attacked each other on Thursday here. Stones rained and youth from rival groups clashed with sticks and wooden bats resulting in bleeding injuries to 13 people. All the injured were rushed to the government hospital. The fight was over a marriage which could not be solemnized.Police said trouble began three months ago when the parents of a youth refused to perform his marriage with his fiancee. Police said the elders from the girl's family made repeated requests to the boy's family seeking their consent for the marriage. With the boy's family being stubborn, the issue turned into a major controversy as the entire community people split into two groups.All of them are agriculture labourers and reside in Nimmalabazar of the town. The issue took a violent turn on Thursday when both the groups were engaged in the street fight. Police arrested a couple of elders from both the groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16583089", "title": "In Hubli-Dharwad, not many click to pay tax", "text": "HUBLI: The online property tax system (e-payment) introduced by the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) six months ago with much fanfare seems to have failed to make an impact.Many people still prefer manual payment of property tax at various counters of Hubli-Dharward One Centre in Hubli and Dharwad instead of making use of the online system, initiated to make the system hassle-free and people-friendly.According to sources, from April to September 20, only 54 persons utilized online facility while 70,000 people paid their property tax directly at HD One Centre office. HDMC collected Rs 89,733 through e-payment while it received Rs 19.33 crore through manual payment.The problem, according to sources, lies in the lethargic attitude of HDMC authorities in making arrangements to create proper awareness about the new system.\"The purpose of introducing e-payment system is to enable people to pay tax from elsewhere in the country instead of going to offices. Unfortunately, lack of publicity has resulted in poor response to it. Still, people waiting in long queues are seen at One Centre,\" said an officer of the revenue department.Many people waiting in front of HD One center at Glass Houses and Keshwapur, told TOI that they are unaware of the e-payment facility.\"If I knew about the e-payment system, I would have paid tax online,\" Santosh Pujar of Keshwapur, working in a private firm in the city, said.Admitting that the new facility did not receive expected response, HDMC joint commissioner Veerendra Kundagol said steps will be taken to reach out to more people to make it successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16583821", "title": "Parambikulam Tiger Reserve is India's most protected", "text": "COIMBATORE: Parambikulam Tiger Reserve, which successfully practiced comprehensive forest management through community based eco-tourism involving tribals, is emerging as India's best protected area by fulfilling all guidelines in this regard from Union Ministry of environment and Forests. The reserve in Palakkad district of Kerala, which share border with Anamalai Tiger Reserve in Coimbatore district, is winning the rare recognition by competing with other top performing protected reserves Periyar Tiger Reserve, Kanha National Park, Gir National park and Corbet National Park.According to ministry sources, Prambikulam's unique achievement would be declared officially at the United Nation's 11th Convention on Biological Diversity, which will begin in Hyderabad on October 8. In India, there are more than 800 protected areas and they include national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, tiger reserves, biosphere reserves, reserve forests, coral reefs and mangrove forests. Among them, Prambikulam has won the unique achievement by minimizing man-animal conflict apart from increasing its biological wealth. Further more, it is one of the few tiger reserves having clear buffer zone outside the access restricted core area to conduct tourism activities.\"After the Supreme Court ban on tourism in core areas, our tourism activities have came to a standstill. The only road leading to Parambikulam is through the core areas of Anamalai Tiger Reserve and as a result Parambikulam turned out of bound for tourists. It was a challenging face for us as the tribal forest protectors, watchers and guides with us had received salaries from the income came out of the tourism operations. However, we managed resources from other funds to support them and all the tribals work with us are now being used for forest protection activities,'' Wildlife Warden K Vijayanandan told TOI.Hailing from Erode, Vijayanandan said Parambikulam was practicing tribal development through community based eco-tourism and over 250 tribals had turned beneficiaries of it. Acting as guides and helpers for visiting tourists, the tribals were able to have a dignified life in the sanctuary, which won reputation for forest management through tribal cooperation. Residents of traibal hamlets in Chungam Colony, Kadavu Colony, PAP Colony, Ancham Colony, Earth Colony, Pooppara Colony and Kuriyarkutty Colony were effectively rehabilitated as part of the eco-tourism project after the tiger reserve project came into force. Though the tiger project had forced the tribal residents to sell of their domestic animals like cows and buffalos and even prevented them from engaging in poultry management, the tribals turned a happy lot with getting steady income and dignified life through taking part in the tourism activities.\"Ever since the Joint Forest and Participatory Management was introduced, the Parambikulam Tiger Reserve has not witnessed even a single incident of poaching since 2004 and since 2007 there had not been a single incident of forest fire. We were able to do tourism in a very eco friendly way,'' said N Babu, a tribal who work with the forest management activities.Parambikulam tiger reserve had recorded revenue of Rs. 1.25 crore during 2009-10 and it became Rs. 1.86 crore in 2010-2011 and in 2011-2012 it had risen to Rs. 2.45 crore. Of the revenue generated during the last year, Rs. 85 lakh was disbursed as salary to tribal people employed by the Forest Department, while Rs. 90 lakh was spent towards maintenance and upkeep. \"Tribal people have become part of the Social Tiger Protection Force and are effectively combating forest and wildlife-related offences. Here there is no man-animal conflict,'' said Vijayanandan. The reserve has 15 to 18 tigers, it has been identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16581395", "title": "CM calls for public cooperation on Telangana issue", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Senior Congress leaders Vayalar Ravi and Ghulam Nabi Azad might have added fuel to the Telangana fire by claiming that it was unlikely that the separate statehood demand would be fulfilled in the near future. And, joining them, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has triggered a fresh debate by saying that nobody should expect a hurried solution to the contentious issue.Appealing for patience, the chief minister insisted that unanimity among the people and leaders of all the regions in the state was a pre-condition to finding a lasting solution to the issue. The chief minister's remarks created ripples in the Telangana region. However, the CM renewed his appeal to pro-Telangana supporters to postpone the 'Chalo Hyderabad' march in view of the global conference on biodiversity to be hosted by the city.Speaking to select media personnel at the sub-collector's office on Thursday, the chief minister said that the T-issue could not be resolved in haste and called for all sections of public to cooperate with the government to arrive at a consensus on the separate statehood question. He explained that Congress did not enjoy the requisite two-thirds majority to introduce a resolution on the Telanagan demand in the Lok Sabha and hence the party high command's need to consult all coalition partners.Before heading to Hyderabad, the chief minister himself swung into action and said that the party high command was trying to affect a consensus among the leaders and peoples of different regions. \"It is a fact that unanimity should begin from the Congress party itself. Since leaders from different regions are expressing different views, the party leadership is working hard to find a solution,\" he explained.He said that setting deadlines for a solution to such a contentious issue was not wise. Although Kiran Kumar has been touring Krishna district for the last three days, he has asked his deputy and other key ministers to take the initiative to bring pressure on the Telangana Joint Action Committee to put off the 'Chalo Hyderabad' with the city gearing up to host the CoP 11 meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581967", "title": "DM inspects sewage treatment facilities", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District magistrate Raj Shekhar carried out an inspection at two sewage pumping stations and a sewage treatment plant (STP) on Thursday and instructed the officials concerned to complete all pending works on a war footing. The DM's cavalcade first reached Chachar Nala sewage pumping station from where sewage water is pumped to Gaughat pumping station which in turn pumps it to the STP at Naini. The capacity of this pumping station is being increased and two additional pumps would be installed as part of the upgrade. tnnGaughat pumping station was next on the DM's itinerary where he was informed that four pumps at the station were about 25 years old due and not functioning to full capacity. The ongoing work regarding the expansion of the pumping station was also discussed with the district magistrate. He then inspected the sewage treatment plant at Naini which has a capacity of about 60 MLD and is being constructed under the Ganga Action Plan. Another STP of 20 MLD capacity is also being constructed at the same site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16583897", "title": "House owners get a day\u2019s time to vacate the area", "text": "INDORE: Stiff protest from 'patta' holders on Thursday forced the district administration to abandon its plan to remove houses obstructing LIG Link road. The district administration has given time till 9 am on Friday to shift their belongings and vacate houses for construction of new roads. Else, they are told removal team will demolish houses.The construction of LIG Link Road, which on completion will connect LIG Crossing with Ring Road, has been delayed for several years due to non-removal of houses of 13 'pataa' holders coming in the way of the road. Two out of 13 'patta' holders challenged administration decision to cancel the 'patta'. On Wednesday, the court has given its order in favour of LIG Link Road and vacated the stay on removal of houses coming in the way of project.Following the court order, the IMC handed over removal order to all 'patta' holders on Wednesday evening and IMC, IDA and administration team reached the spot on Thursday to raze dwelling units. Occupants protested the move saying that they were not compensated fairly and demanded a week's time to vacate the place.Tehshildar Purnima Singhi said occupants asked for some time to vacate the area, but when they asked to give it in writing they refused. All of them had been served notices of removal in advance even then they were ready to give time if occupants give it in writing. Now, the administration has given time till Friday morning to vacate houses.District administration official said high-power committee chaired by collector Akash Tripathi had cancelled 'pattas' of all 13 people and offered compensation as per the government norms. \"All the occupants have been offered flat which were constructed for lower income group,\" he said, adding that now court has also given order in favour of road.One of the 'patta' holders D P Tiwari alleged that IDA has changed the alignment of the road several times and affecting the existence of 'pattas'. His contention is flats offered to them are small.Ex-servicemen Maharaj Singh Khushwaha, another 'patta' holder said he is staying here for several years and it is injustice to remove them.After the court order in the favour of road, the IDA board has approved Rs 14.09 crore for construction of 30 m link road connecting LIG Crossing to Ring Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16582950", "title": "Rs 20K aid for SC,ST students in Kerala", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government will provide financial assistance of Rs 20,000 to SC/ST students who scored high marks in higher secondary examinations to enable them to attend coaching programmes for admission to professional courses, said minister for welfare of scheduled castes and backward communities A P Anil Kumar.Inaugurating the two-day workshop on student empowerment for SC/ST students of the Calicut University at the university seminar complex on Thursday, he said government would also take steps to provide assistance to SC/ST students who had secured admission to self-financing educational institutions.The minister said the SC/ST communities in the state had achieved considerable progress when compared to many other states in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583663", "title": "4 hurt as city bus overturns", "text": "PATNA: Four persons sustained injuries when a city bus dashed against a roadside electric pole on the Chiraiyantand flyover under Kankarbagh police station here on Thursday afternoon. The bus was coming to Patna Junction from Transport Nagar in Patna CityThe driver and the cleaner escaped after the incident. City magistrate Chandrashekhar Singh said only one person sustained serious injuries, who was admitted to PMCH.Locals said the bus dashed against an electric pole after overtaking another bus at around 3.30pm and overturned on the flyover, causing a complete damage to the front window. Some of the passengers came out of the bus through the damaged window. Traffic on the flyover remained completely paralysed for quite some time, as a result of which a large number of vehicles were stranded on the Old Bypass Road for hours.On getting information, traffic DSP-2 Shashibhushan Sharma and city magistrate Chandrashekhar Singh reached the spot and started the process of getting the bus removed. A crane reached the spot to lift the bus to clear the road.Such was the impact of the accident that pieces of windowpanes of the bus were found strewn all over the road, seats of the bus were flung out and a wheel came out.Kankarbagh police station SHO A B Gupta said an FIR would be lodged in this connection and the guilty be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16581289", "title": "Traffic drill today for global meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: With little more than a couple of days left before the start of CoP-11, Cyberabad police have decided to conduct a drill for the proposed traffic restrictions for the event which is to run for 19 days by imposing traffic curbs on Friday.As part of the traffic rehearsal for the event which is to be held at HICC, the 100-feet road from Ayyappa Society and the road from mini-Charminar to the NAC gate would be exclusively reserved for CoP-11 delegates. \"This exercise is being done to understand ramifications that might arise due to diversions,\" police said on Thursday. On Friday, between 7.30am and 10.30am and again between 6pm to 8pm, public who intend to go towards Cyber Towers and Hi-Tec Railway Station through the 100-feet road would be diverted at Kavuri Hills junction towards Madhapur PS Road and Cyber Towers.Further, the traffic moving from Cyber Towers and heading towards Jubilee Hills checkpost through the 100-feet road and towards Road No.45, Jubilee Hills would be diverted at Cyber Towers towards Kavuri Hills via Madhapur PS road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "16582376", "title": "Elephant herd from Dalma forests on rampage in Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: Crops spread over 100 bighas of land were destroyed after a herd of 12 to 16 elephants went on the rampage in Pursa, Ramgopalpur and surrounding areas on Thursday.Locals said that the elephants strayed out of the forests in Bankura, crossed river Damodar and entered Galsi around 5am. Though they made efforts to drive away the elephants, but failed as it was a huge herd. Talking to TOI, SP of Burdwan, SMH Meerza said Galsi Police and officials of Burdwan forest division are constantly keeping a watch on them so that no human life is harmed.The herd was found resting at a place, two kilometres away from Ramgopalpur, till reports last came in. \"The forest department officials will try to push back the elephants to Bankura at night,\" he said. Police and forest officials have set up a barricade, a few yards away from the herd, to prevent villagers from going near the elephants.Wild elephants of Dalma Forest Range in Jharkhand have been roaming in the forests of Bankura for the past few months. They must have crossed the Damodar and entered the lush green agricultural belt of Burdwan in search of food and water, said foresters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582459", "title": "Soon, government guest house with 5-star facility", "text": "BANGALORE: A government guest house with luxury hotel facilities? That's what the state government has on the anvil. A swanky structure having all the strappings of a five-star hotel is coming up at the Kumara Krupa guest house premises.In an effort to extend grand hospitality to VIP and VVIPs from within India and abroad, the state government is set to spend a whopping Rs 72 crore on the new guest house, complete with plush suites and high-end services. This will be one of the biggest building projects undertaken by the government in recent times after Vikasa Soudha in Bangalore and Suvarna Soudha in Belgaum.According to the blueprint prepared by the public works department (PWD), the KK II, as it is named, will have nine floors, including basement and ground floor. A total of 202 rooms with 162 general and 40 VIP guest rooms on 17,872 sq mts are being built.\"The state is woefully lacking in guest houses. As many international and national dignitaries keep visiting the city, the government felt the need to construct this guest house. The dignitaries are usually accommodated in private hotels and the hotel tabs are huge. KK II will be on par with any of the top star hotels,\" official sources told TOI. The government had earlier planned to build quarters for Group D employees here.The state guest house premises is spread over 7.22 acres. It was first constructed in 1915 with only two floors, six rooms, a dining hall and kitchen. The total built-up area of two floors is 845 sq mts. In 1990, the building was extended at the rear portion adjoining the main building - two floors were added and the built-up area extended to 1,096 sq mts. The KK annexe was built in 1977 comprising three floors and 27 rooms with built-up area of 1,149 sq mts.A committee headed by the chief secretary approved the proposal to construct the new building. The new plan will have the same architectural features of the existing guest house. The proposal to build a swimming pool was dropped citing maintenance problem, sources said.Stately and swankyKK II will have nine floors, including basement and ground floorWill house 202 plush rooms with 162 general and 40 VIP guest rooms on 17,872 sq mtsNew structure to incorporate architectural features of old guest houseSet to cost Rs 72cr, KK II will host VIPs from India and abroad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582561", "title": "Ragas, qawwali add music to tourism day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Breaking away from the conventional Sufi chords and mixing English lyrics with traditional rhythms, an entertaining qawwali night was organized to mark the World Tourism Day at Bhartiya Vidya Bhawan, Sector 27, on Thursday evening. 'Nizami Bandhu', as they are popularly called, comprising brothers Shadab Faridi Nizami, Chand Nizami and Sohrab Faridi Nizami enthralled a jam-packed audience with their performance. Meanwhile, a classical morning raga fascinated morning walkers at Sukhna Lake promenade on the occasion of World Tourism Day celebrations on Thursday. Students of Chandigarh Institute of Hotel Management, Sector 42 and Ambedkar Institute of Hotel Management, Sector 42, greeted visitors, foreign tourists at railway station and airport with flowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16582982", "title": "Private lab owners, district health administration at war", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Private medical laboratory owners and the district health administration are on a warpath, with the former describing the recent raids on labs as illegal and an unrelenting district medical officer (DMO) warning the lab owners of strict action if basic standards are not met.The closure notices issued to 22 labs have irked the lab owners' association.\"The government has not issued any guideline or policy for operating medical laboratories in the state. The raids are illegal,\" association president T A Varkey said.Association general secretary Alex Abraham alleged that the raids were being conducted to settle scores with lab owners.\"The raids are on the pretext that Hepatitis B spread in the state from medical laboratories, which is far from truth. The disease is spread through blood and serums and how can the laboratories be blamed for this. The labs are using only disposable syringes and needles and there are no chances of laboratories spreading this disease,\" he said.The medical laboratory association and medical technical association have been demanding a legislation for the effective functioning of medical labs.The Clinical Establishment Act, passed by the Centre in 2010, is the only law in this sector now. The state government has initiated steps to frame a law on the same lines in the state too. But, before that, how can the district medical administration impose such regulations, they asked.The lab owners' association has decided to move court against the raids. \"If the people in the state are getting the benefit of labs in every nook and corner, it is because of these small units are operated by technicians. The labs are committed to upgrading the facilities, for which the association is providing awareness and educational programmes. The move to shut down these facilities cannot be accepted,\" Varkey said.However, district medical officer Dr T Peethamabran said the district health administration would continue the raids and serve notices if any laboratory is found erring in maintaining basic standards.Over 500 labs in the district have been raided so far and notices issued to nearly 150 of them.Over 500 labs in the district have been raided so far and notices issued to nearly 150 of them; DMO says raids will be continued", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16581069", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation orders fire safety probe in city buildings", "text": "SURAT: The big fire in the textile market on Ring Road a couple of days ago has jolted Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) to seriously view the vulnerability of public places from the fire safety aspect. The corporation's fire committee has ordered an investigation on fire safety equipment and their condition at shopping malls, markets, etc.\"Many pay little fine and get away. Owners of mall, mega store or textile market should be punished harshly if the buildings do not have fire safety equipment,\" said light and fire committee chairman GC Gopani. He was recently charged with culpable homicide after a 15-year-old boy died in a wall collapse incident at Katargam. He was one of the partners of the building whose construction was being carried out illegally and caused the boy's death.Gopani said, \"We will order closure of markets and mega stores if they do not have fire safety equipment. No one can play with the lives of people.\"The fire department figures show that not even 25 per cent of the constructions are inspected by fire department to see if they have been equipped with fire safety services that are mandatory under the law. Thus buildings not following the norms don't get notices. Surprisingly, fire safety services are not functional even in the six government offices in the city. Of the 435 hospitals that were inspected, 400 were found to be without proper fire safety services.Under the fire safety regulation act, first time offenders are issued notices and subsequently fined. A police complaint is lodged only if fire safety equipment remains uninstalled. The refrain of fire department is \"We are short of staff. However, we do undertake random inspection and checking.\" It is physically not possible to inspect each and every construction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16583048", "title": "Govt may soften T-march stand", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's a battle of wits between Telangana activists and the police. With the Telangana votaries determined to go ahead with the Chalo Hyderabad march on September 30 and the cops equally insistent on thwarting it, the authorities are floating a compromise formula by which the Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) would be allowed to hold a public meeting in a closed venue instead of the Chalo Hyderabad march.In a day of heavy posturing by both the sides, a delegation of TJAC, TRS, BJP and CPI leaders called on governor E S L Narasimhan first and later home minister Sabita Indra Reddy. \"While the governor told the delegation that putting off the march would be in the best interests of the state, the home minister expressed her solidarity and assured them that she would persuade chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to allow at least a public meeting,\" TJAC sources said. Meanwhile, a TRS delegation led by assembly floor leader Etala Rajender called on the director general of police and sought permission for the march. But the delegation was told to meet the city police chiefs.The Telangana ministers held a meeting and later in the evening, after Kiran Kumar landed in the city, Sabita Reddy met him. In the meantime, the Telangana Congress MPs held a meeting and resolved to lead the march on September 30 even as the TDP Telangana forum comprising the elected representatives from the region too decided to participate in the march and hold rallies in the districts in the run up to it.In the meantime, police sources told TOI that they are considering offering a face-saving formula for the march organizers by allowing them to hold a public meeting in a closed venue for a few hours. Among the venues being considered for the same were the Uppal cricket stadium and Parade Grounds. \"We suggested a closed venue so that it can be fortified heavily with security personnel so that the T supporters do not spill on to the roads and indulge in violence and destruction of public properties,\" the sources claimed. However, late on Thursday night, TJAC convenor Kodandaram told TOI: \"There's no question of changing the venue of the march. It will take place only on Tank Bund.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582208", "title": "Race for IIM-A top post hots up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In its board meeting on Friday, the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, (IIM-A) is set to discuss the names to be shortlisted for the post of director.According to B H Jajoo, dean, IIM-A, the names have not been sent to the ministry yet. \"Discussing potential candidates for the post is on the agenda of the board,\" he said.Interviews were conducted on September 15 for overseas candidates in Mumbai and on September 22 for seven IIM-A faculty members who had applied for the post. The institute is expected to shortlist three names on Friday.IIM-A has received over 70 applications for the coveted post. While several faculty members are in the list of contenders for the post, most of these applications are from foreign institutions as the institute is looking for someone with international experience.The current director, Samir Barua, has also applied for a second term. \"The current director has approached the MHRD directly for a second term,\" said a source. Barua's term ends in October and the new director is expected to join in November.Several senior faculty members at IIM-A are also in the fray. Among those who have applied are professors Arvind Sahay, Rakesh Basant, Ravindra Dholakia, G Raghuram, Ram Mohan TT, Rekha Jain and Ajay Pandey. Raghuram, who joined the Indian Maritime University, Chennai, as vice-chancellor in July, is yet to withdraw his application. Among candidates from abroad, some faculty members have pitched for Harvard University professor and IIM-A alumnus Srikant Datar, who has been a regular at the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581355", "title": "'No mediation in SpeakAsia cases'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court has recalled its order allowing mediation for settling the complaints of investors who lost their money in schemes floated by investment firm SpeakAsia. In a recent order, the SC said the complaints are criminal in nature and facts presented before it does not justify settling the disputes through mediation.Solomon James, one of the investors, known as panelists in the firm's parlance, had moved the SC seeking directions for distributing Rs 141 crore in various bank accounts among them. This money was frozen by cops after a case was registered against the firm's office-bearers. Over 175 accounts in various banks in India have been frozen. The city police's Economic Offences Wing (EOW), investigating the case against SpeakAsia for cheating over 20 lakh investors, has so arrested more than 10 persons. \"According to our estimate, investors lost Rs 2,276 crore in the firm's schemes. The SC has allowed EOW and Enforcement Directorate (ED) probing the money laundering allegations, to continue with its probe,\" said Rajvardhan Sinha, additional commissioner of police, EOW.SpeakAsia, floated in 2010, allegedly duped people by posing as a survey company. Investors were given usernames and passwords to be used on the company's now defunct website upon payment of Rs 11,000. Each panelist was given two surveys to complete in a week. Investors were promised Rs 52,000 if they completed 100 surveys in a year.The company told the court earlier that it wanted to repay its investors and deposited $10mn (Rs 50 crore) in a Singapore bank. However, the police was not satisfied with this. \"If they were interested in returning the money, why only Rs 50 crore? They should have returned the entire amount of Rs 2,276 crore. Why did they want to pay only a few hundred people, while there are over 24 lakh investors across the country?\" a police officer asked., referring to the 2.2% that the Rs 50 crore made up.All the accused arrested in this case are out on bail. The apex court had appointed a retired SC judge as mediator, who was busy getting all the correct records of investors, the money duped and other legal things. However, the SC has now made it clear that the case does not justify settlement through mediation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581111", "title": "NCP resignation drama shifts focus from corruption", "text": "MUMBAI: The political drama following the resignation of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on September 25 seems to have diverted attention from the more serious issue of corruption.Over the past 48 hours, the focus has shifted to the power struggle in the NCP rather than the alleged irregularities and corruption in the state water resources department when Pawar controlled this portfolio.The deputy CM quit following two exposes in this newspaper, highlighting his direct role in hurriedly approving irrigation projects worth Rs 20,000 crore within an eight-month period in 2009. Many of these projects were cleared barely weeks before the state assembly elections that year, and without the mandatory clearance of the governing council of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC).These serious charges have been side-tracked by the NCP's spin-doctors. On Wednesday, party activists tried to tarnish the reputation of Vijay Pandhare, the whistleblower in the water resources department. His slew of letters to senior government functionaries including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan claimed that Rs 35,000 crore was swindled by the politician-babu-contractor nexus on dud irrigation projects. NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik alluded that Phandare was \"mentally unstable\".A political commentator said, \"Calling someone 'mentally unstable' is an old trick.'' He added another worrying aspect was the way how the entire resignation drama played out. \"The real major issue of the crime of corruption is being completely sidelined and ignored. This is not just about political one-upmanship. They are pretending as if the scandal did not take place at all. Some are even making the accused look like a hero. And this is all being done rather cleverly.''Sources said Pawar's move to resign has forced the state government to go slow on the probe. The promised white paper sought by the CM soon after TOI exposed the huge cost escalations in dam projects in Raigad district last April, too, will end in an eyewash, they added. \"It will be prepared by the irrigation department, whose minister, Sunil Tatkare, himself faces serious charges,'' sources said. The white paper is expected to be ready by December when the winter session of the state assembly begins.Tatkare's tenure as water resources minister has been marked with controversies over the dubious 150% to 500% cost increases in the Balganga dam in Pen and Kondhane dam near Karjat. The minister has also been unable to explain his large land holdings and a slew of allegedly bogus companies controlled by his family members.Pawar too has been unable to explain the controversial decisions he took during his 10-year tenure as water resources minister. He did not respond to a questionnaire sent to him by this newspaper. It is learnt that his office had drafted a reply last week, but Pawar did not sign it.Among the charges against him is the way he invested himself with powers to finalise every irrigation project above Rs one crore. The note signed by him was issued by his department in 2005 was never placed before the governing council, but only issued to the lower level staff. Pawar, in his own handwriting in Marathi, said that \"...since projects in Vidarbha need to be initiated quickly, the signature of water resources secretary may not be obtained.''\"This note was never placed before the governing council. This was illegal as the appropriate body to delegate such powers and sanction such notes is the council,\" said government sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16582491", "title": "Police services are just an SMS away", "text": "BANGALORE: In a bid to introduce more citizen-centric initiatives and simplify procedures for services provided by the police department, an instant automated short service message (SMS) service has been introduced.The SMS facility for 11 services in the department will begin from October 10 and be enabled under the Sakala scheme that intends to provide guaranteed delivery of services within the specified time-frame. In a phased manner, 11 more services will be brought under the facility by November 1.\"We hope to provide an entire gamut of services -- from filing of first information report (FIR) in a crime to verification for job aspirants online -- both on mobile and on the internet by November 11. At present, we have 11 services under the scheme and 11 more will be added soon,\" additional director general of police (police computer wing) Praveen Sood told TOI.Once a Sakala application is submitted under any category, including filing a complaint, the applicant or complainant will be asked to provide her/his mobile number. The number will receive time-to-time alerts on the status of the individual case, he explained.Sood said like the railway PNR number or bank account number, a 15-digit GSC (gaurantee services to citizens) number will be allotted to individual applications/petitions. \"People can access the status of their cases through internet or can get SMS alerts from time to time.\"The SMS facility will reduce multiple visits to offices. \"We are moving on to a process where citizens can log in from their homes for various services and even pay requisite fee through internet,\" he said.SERVICES IN SAKALA BASKET* Arms licence and renewal* Public address system licence for functions* Amusement licence* Missing mobile documentation* No-objection certificates for gas agency* No-objection certificates for hotels* Passport verification* Permission for taking out procession* Extension of visa* Disposal of petitions submitted* Verification for job aspirantsON THE CARDS* No obligation to return to India (NORI) certificate* Verification certificate for domestic helps/housekeeping* Verification certificate for setting up institution/company* Verification for marriage alliances to find antecedents of bride/bridegroom* Verification for training/apprenticeship at government institutions* Verification for head load workers, labourers, class IV and supervisory jobs at airports* Verification for central/state government employees* Clearance for going abroad for studies* Clearance for foreign nationals* Fingerprint certification required by foreign countries for issue of visa* No objection to return to India in respect of Tibetans", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bathinda/chandigarh", "code": "16583650", "title": "Badal clan clamours to oppose FDI in Punjab", "text": "BATHINDA/CHANDIGARH: Barely two days after fissures began erupting in the SAD and its ally BJP over the FDI implementation in Punjab, the ruling Badal clan members led by family patriarch and CM Parkash Singh Badal scrambled on Thursday to hold an impromptu show-of-strength rally in home constituency Bathinda.Both CM and his deputy CM son Sukhbir sought to present a united face over FDI after the latter's comments had sparked off a row on Tuesday.\"We are solidly behind the NDA on the FDI issue. There is no difference between two alliance partners on this,\" the two Badals said.The rally organised in the family bahu MP Harsimrat Kaur's constituency with participation from her and her brother Bikram Majithia -- who holds public relations portfolio in the Badal government -- was a first such meeting since the Badals resurged to power earlier this year in March.On September 25, Badal Jr had said that stakeholders, including retailers and farmers, should have been consulted by the Congress before clearing the new policy.Sources in the BJP told TOI that the saffron party had been upset by SAD's dissidence shown over FDI, the opposition to which had recently seen a nationwide protest by the right-wing allies of National Democratic Alliance (NDA).On Wednesday, BJP at its national executive meeting at Surajkund had renewed its demand for stoking up opposition against FDI during Parliament's winter session.The state BJP leaders too were \"confused and unhappy\" with the way, both father and son had been taking apparently different stands on the issue of FDI in retail.\"We did tell the national leaders about the confusion in the coalition circles. It was assured that no discordant notes would be heard on the issue, henceforth. Today's assertions by SAD seems to have settled that issue,\" said a Punjab BJP leader, requesting annonymity.Months before Punjab went to polls, Badal Jr had in 2011, as well favoured the FDI through a letter written to the Union trade and commerce minister Anand Sharma.A sudden burst of unrelenting farmers favouring FDI in Punjab has already been troubling the state government after Bharatiya Kisan Union, a representation of over 15 lakh farmers has threatend to take protests to Delhi.Led by Ajmer Singh Lakhowal, who also heads the state government's Punjab Mandi Board as its chairman, the union on September 18 had said that FDI in retail was more than welcome for an agrarian state like Punjab and must be implemented without fail.Farmers in Punjab have been reeling under a debt of Rs 8,000 crore due to hike in diesel price and Rs 300 crore for the damaged irrigation pumps which are yet to be changed.Punjab is the first state which saw setting up of a wholesale venture between a multinational group Wal-Mart and Bharti Enterprises in Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16584091", "title": "One step e-auction should be rule for allocating national resources", "text": "The Supreme Court's emphasis on the public good being served in the allocation of national resources is a welcome reiteration of what it had said in its earlier judgment. Its clarification that auctions are not necessarily the only way of allocating resources must be seen in this light. Indeed, in theory , the government could adopt other methods for allocating resources.However, almost all of them, like firstcome-first-served (FCFS), lotteries and beauty parades have in practice proved to be extremely susceptible to corruption or rigging. Ascending auctions, on the other hand, serve the purpose of maximizing government revenues but not of maximizing public good.Instead, by pricing the resources unrealistically high, they hurt industry and the consumer and hence subvert the common good. That is why we have consistently argued (including in a full page special report on September 11) that when it comes to allocating national resources, the best method is to use single-step e-auctions, which allow for realistic bids and hence promote industry profitability which, in turn, allows industry to provide high quality affordable services to the consumer.Therefore, the government should treat FCFS, beauty parades and ascending auctions as banned for allocation of national resources, except in certain very special situations. The accompanying chart gives a snapshot of what, in our view, is the method best suited to allocation of various resources.Related story : Auction not sole method for natural resource allocation: Supreme Court", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16582839", "title": "Kerala Travel Mart to focus on small players", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala Travel Mart 2012 will not just be a platform for the big sharks but it will also provide the opportunity for 107 small time players who can sell their products to international and domestic buyers. The Mart will see around 371 sellers in toto.The small time players include those who operate Ayurveda centre, farmstays, homestays, small time hoteliers, houseboat owners, tour operators and travel agents.\"We have made special arrangements for the small time players at the KTM to help sell their products. Preference has been given to them in this mart and they have been given stalls close to the entrance so that they can attract maximum buyers\", said KTM 2012 president Riaz Ahmed.The small time players will be introduced to a range of sellers and will be given the opportunity to conduct B2B interactions with them. \"The big players have already fixed online appointment with the buyers,\" added Ahmed.The seventh edition of the biennial event, which began on Thursday, aims to give first-hand info on tourism prospects in the state. Around 2,196 buyers including 508 foreign players comprising airline personnel, tour operators, and travel agents are expected to attend the four-day-long meet to be held at Hotel Le Meridien. There will be 108 tables, 296 modules and 12 houseboat parking bays. All the houseboat parking bays, modules and tables have already been sold out.\"I hope to have B2B meetings with atleast 4 or 5 new tour operators at the mart, so that we can increase our business. Last year 267 people stayed with us in our homestay. This year, the business has increased by 30 %. After the mart, we expect that a much larger number of foreign and domestic tourists will come and stay with us\", said Bhawaldas Sadevan, owner, Kandath Tharavad, Palakkad.\"We are showcasing our houseboats in the mart and trying to attract sellers to do business with us\", added Jojy Mathew, director, Rainbow cruises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16581701", "title": "Rameshwar Oraon unhappy with state govt's arrangements for tribals", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Chairman of National Commission for Scheduled Tribes Rameshwar Oraon said the state government has failed to provide even basic amenities to tribals here. \"A public distribution system shop in Naxalite hit Mahugaon village of Senha block was shifted to Arya village, about seven kilometers away from Mahugaon and Tetartand village where 160 villagers reside. I have asked the district supply inspector to shift the shop back,\" he said. Oraon was here for a public meeting on Thursday.On hearing complaints from minority school teachers who are not given their salaries for 17 months, the chairman asked district superintendent of education (DSE) Farhana Khatoon to clear the payments. The DSE said allotment was made recently and it was about to be disbursed. She asked some of the experienced teachers to assist the staff in fast disposal of their work. Representatives of 11 primary and middle minority schools had complained to Oroan that the share of salary fund often comes late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582210", "title": "Roads under siege, Metro runs beyond capacity", "text": "KOLKATA: The Metro Railway has been practically swamped by commuters in last few days, thanks to strikes by transport operators, public agitations and increase in bus fares. Officials are now concerned whether the existing infrastructure would be able to handle this kind of pressure on a regular basis.\"Till last week, the daily average was between 5.5 lakh and 6 lakh commuters. This started creeping up gradually. On Monday, 6.65 lakh commuters used the services. On Tuesday, the number of commuters was 6.42 lakh and on Wednesday it was 6.62 lakh. Till 7pm on Thursday, 5.65 lakh commuters used the services. This is certainly exerting a lot of pressure on our existing resources,\" an official said. The Metro runs 270 services per day with nine air-conditioned and 18 conventional rakes. Though 10 AC rakes have arrived, one is undergoing trials at the moment. Of the 18 conventional rakes, the Metro plans to gradually phase out 11 and rehabilitate the remaining.On Thursday, with the city coming to a virtual standstill due to agitations, people depended on the Metro to get to their destinations. The pressure was extremely high during the peak hours. The highest number of commuters handled by Metro was 7.16 lakh on January 3, 2011.\"We have to thank our engineers and technicians for keeping the rakes in shape to handle the rush. The crush load per rake is between 2,500 and 3,000 commuters. Nowadays, over 4,000 commuters are travelling in a rake at certain times of the day. When the crush load is exceeded, there is pressure on the undercarriages of the rakes. The older rakes that are to be phased out are at greater risk of developing technical glitches,\" the official added.Even the air-conditioners in the new rakes can't help if the crush load is exceeded. The concept of peak hours seems to have changed. There is rush even during the afternoons. Thankfully, there haven't been any major snags due to rakes in the recent past. When the commuters had to be evacuated inside the tunnel between Esplanade and Chandni Chowk, it was due to some foreign material on the third rail. We were forced to take that action for the safety of commuters,\" the official said.Ideally, officials should have felt happy with this patronage. Unfortunately, sufficient attention was not paid to create infrastructure in the Metro between 2001 and 2009, resulting in stagnation. There is concern that the Metro may no longer receive the kind of attention it enjoyed in the last three years, now that Mamata Banerjee has quit the UPA.\"The increasing numbers prove the kind of goodwill that the Metro enjoys in Kolkata,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGM(G), Metro Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16581783", "title": "Punjab sail into Senior National Championship last 8", "text": "BANGALORE: Gurjinder Singh and Akashdeep Singh scored three goals each as Punjab waltzed into the quarterfinals from Pool 'C' in the 2nd Hockey India Senior National Championship with a crushing 7-2 victory over Services Sports Control Board at the KSHA stadium here on Thursday.Akashdeep rattled the rival citadel at will with his speedy moves while Gurjinder terrorized the goalkeeper with his thundering drag-flicks as Punjab topped the pool with nine points and end Services' quarterfinal hopes.Services looked in control for most part of the game but what did them in was their poor finishing. They seemed to be on course till the 54th minute, rallying to equalize 2-2, but were soon snuffed out by an avalanche of goals from their rivals.Punjab went ahead in the ninth minute when Gurjinder converted a penalty corner. Services equalized in the 25th minute, Lovepreet Singh sounding the board off Mukesh Lakra. Gurjinder put his team up yet again in the 43rd minute before the game was halted for nearly 30 minutes due to heavy showers. On resumption, Services levelled the scores in the 54th minute when Sanwar Ali pounced on Lovepreet Singh's drive that rebounded off the Punjab custodian Kamaldeep Singh's gloves. Thereafter, it was Punjab as they scored five goals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16586375", "title": "Now, state panel to monitor countrywide reporting of veterinary diseases", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has constituted a state level monitoring committee for national animal disease reporting system under the chairmanship of director (Animal Husbandry) with immediate effect.The Government of Goa has constituted the committee in pursuance of the directives of the government of India, ministry of agriculture, department of animal husbandry dairies &amp; fisheries, New Delhi.The other members of this committee are state informatics officer (NIC), state NADRS project coordinator (NIC), deputy director (Farms) &amp; nodal officer (AHVS) and assistance director, disease investigation unit (AHVS).The functions of the Committee shall be to check the accuracy of the disease information submitted by the block and district animal husbandry officers in a timely manner before confirming them.The committee shall have the power to permit the local officer to repair, negotiate and enter into annual maintenance contract ( AMC ) after expiry of warranty period of the computers and its peripherals. It shall also report to New Delhi on the disease outbreak &amp; preventive measures undertaken by department said B. Braganza, d irector &amp; ex officio joint secretary (Animal Husbandry).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16583820", "title": "Attacked, college student dies; 6 arrested", "text": "SHIMLA: Broad day light murder of a college student in Chakmoh area of Hamirpur district on Wednesday has left people of the area shocked. Old animosity is said to be the reason behind murder. Cops have arrested six people, including four college students.According to police, on Wednesday morning, Rohit Kumar a resident of Maruda in Bilaspur district, a student of BCom-II, saw his three friends sitting in a rain shelter near college campus around 10.15am so he too stopped to talk to them. After a few minutes when all four of them were heading towards the college, six people came on three motorcycles and started thrashing them.Rohit and his friends were attacked just 50m away from the college, but no one came to their rescue. Cops said Rohit fell unconscious, while two of his friends too were hurt badly. On seeing him collapse, the accused escaped on their bikes. Rohit was taken to hospital, but doctors declared him as brought dead. Later, a complaint was filed against at Barsar police station.Hamirpur SP Madhusudan Sharma said all six accused, including four students, involved in the crime have been arrested. \"On Saturday the accused had had some confrontation with Rohit and on Wednesday they came with the intention of teach him a lesson,\" he said.Meanwhile, Students' Federation of India (SFI) on Thursday held protest demonstration throughout the state. SFI leaders in a statement said Rohit was their main activist and he was killed just because he had stopped the accused from harassing a girl student on September 22. The accused had threatened him of dire consequences.Rohit is survived by his parents and three sisters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581335", "title": "Rule of 'hire and fire' can't be allowed to be promoted: Bombay High Court", "text": "NAGPUR: In a significant observation, the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court stated \"rule of 'hire and fire' can't be allowed to be promoted\" before providing relief to three Gondia-based lecturers who were terminated by their college. \"It would be a travesty of justice if these employees, who have rendered continuous service for 13 to 14 years should not be granted protection,\" a division bench comprising Justices Vasanti Naik and Arun Chaudhari observed before disposing of their Letters Patents Appeal (LPA).The court asked Wainganga Bahuudeshiya Vikas Sanstha, which runs Rajiv Gandhi Mahavidyalaya in Sadak Arjuni of Gondia district, to conduct fresh inquiry against the lecturers - Rajkumar Bhagat, Anil Gaikwad, and Diwakar Kamble - and put them under suspension instead of termination till it is completed. The judges also set aside the orders of University and College Tribunal, Nagpur, terminating the lecturers while granting liberty to the management to conduct inquiry against them from the beginning and complete it within a year. The college management was also told to pay the lecturers subsistence allowance during the suspension period.While Bhagat joined the college in 1994, Gaikwad and Kamble joined in 1996, and all of them completed a mandatory requirement of 24 months service as per UGC norms. After some time, they were charge-sheeted by the management for alleged acts of misconduct and departmental inquiry was instituted. Subsequently, they were terminated from the services. They filed appeals before the tribunal which held that university's permission was not required for terminating them. It also ruled that these lecturers could not be confirmed in the service since they didn't' possess NET/SET qualifications as made mandatory by the UGC. Both sides then moved the Nagpur bench filing five petitions against each other.A single-judge bench then ruled in the petitioners' favour stating that the university's prior permission was required before terminating lecturers' services. Both sides then filed LPAs in the high court which came up for hearing before justices Naik and Chaudhari.\"It would be a contradiction of sorts if the services of teachers are allowed to be terminated without prior permission of the university as required by Statute 53 (3). It would also lead to an anomalous situation wherein on the one hand the state government deems it fit to protect the services of teachers till their retirement despite lack of NET/SET, and on the other hand, the management is allowed to terminate their services without university's prior permission,\" the judges observed.Citing a GR of October 18, 2001, the judges said it was not possible to apply the NET/SET norms mandated by UGC in an abrupt manner in the state and to expel the lecturers who do not possess NET/SET qualification. \"There are around 6,000 lecturers appointed between September 19, 1991, and December 11, 1999, in all the state universities without NET/SET qualification. To disqualify or remove these lecturers at a time would create chaotic condition and that is why it was decided to protect their services till their retirement. Such lecturers including three petitioners formed a separate class who would continue in service till their retirement,\" the judges observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16582030", "title": "Gurgaon tech company CEO booked for cheating", "text": "GURGAON: On the complaint of a director of Value First Digital Media Ltd, Gurgaon police have lodged an FIR citing fraud and criminal breach against the sacked CEO of Value First Digital Media Ltd, his wife, and two directors of another company, way2sms.The complainant has alleged fraud involving Rs 7 crore. Police also said that the accused CEO had spread false news in the business media that he had resigned from the company whereas in fact his serveices were terminated.According to police, Gagan Chadha, a director of Value First Digital Media Ltd, located in Sector 32, Gurgaon, lodged a complaint with the Sadar police station. In his complaint, he accused his company's former CEO Kumar Apoorv, resident of Wellington Estate in DLF-V, Gurgaon, proposed and made the board of directors of the company agree to take over another company, way2sms, for Rs 150 crore.After some days, the company officials found that Kumar Apoorv was cheating the company when it found that around Rs 7 crore went into his bank account. It was seen that the two directors of way2sms were hand in glove with Kumar Apoorv.The complainant also attached with the complaint Kumar Apoorv's bank statements which show that the directors of way2sms company have transferred Rs 7 crore in three instalments to the account of Kumar Apoorv, said a senior police officer. The company management now wants to know why their former CEO made a personal deal of the takeover deal for his personal profit, he said.The complainant also named their former CEO's wife as a beneficiary of the cheating amount. In this entire fraud, the CEO has also been accused of making fake documents to take over way2sms and making his profit, said police.Value First director Gagan Chadha claimed that soon after the disclosure of cheating, Kumar Apoorv was sacked from the post of CEO on September 23 by the company's board of directors. So that was well before Kumar Apoorv planted the story of his \"resignation' in the media.None of the accused could be contacted by TOI despite repeated attempts. \"On the complaint of Gagan Chadha, one of director of Value First Digital Media Ltd we have lodged an FIR citing cheating and criminal breach of trust against former CEO Kumar Apoorv; his wife Priya Gupta; way2sms former directors Raju Venugopal and Venu Kumar Raju, residents of MP-MLA Colony, Hyderabad. We are investigating the case from all angles. So far we have confirmation on only two entries of Rs 2 crore in the bank statement of the accused,\" said Yashwant, SHO, Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581892", "title": "Machine snag delays MRI scan at Lok Nayak Hospital, patients suffer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Malfunctioning of the MRI machine at Lok Nayak Hospital is taking a toll on patients. Some of them claim that the diagnostic procedure - essential for the treatment of brain tumour, spinal cord injuries and stroke - is often delayed because of technical glitches.In a recent case, an 11-year-old girl suffering from brain tumour who was admitted under the neurosurgery department was first told to appear for the MRI scan on September 10. But the procedure couldn't be conducted and hospital authorities pushed the date to September 14 and then to September 20. The child's father, Anil Prasad, alleged that the hospital staff told them that the test couldn't be conducted because the machine wasn't functioning properly. The family deposited a fee of Rs 6,000 for the procedure, says the prescription slip. It also mentions the extended dates.\"Due to the delay in the procedure, even the treatment was postponed. My child wouldn't have survived if it hadn't been for a lawyer who helped her get admitted to a private hospital under the BPL category. She underwent an operation on Tuesday,\" said Prasad, a daily wage worker.However, hospital authorities claimed that the machine is functional. \"We will check the reasons behind the delay in the MRI test in this particular case if the patient approaches us. As far as I know, the facility is working properly. At times, there may have been minor glitches,\" said Dr Richa Dewan, medical superintendent of Lok Nayak Hospital.Advanced diagnostic facilities like MRI and CT scan are available only at some of the state-run hospitals where the patient load is very high, say officials. To deal with this, the health department is considering implementation of the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model. Patients who don't possess BPL cards will be charged for services like CT scan, MRI and ultrasound according to the CGHS rate. Poor patients will be provided all services free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16582151", "title": "Family tries to protect girl's honour, assaulted", "text": "VASCO: Vasco police have arrested four persons on charges of assaulting a family of four including seriously injuring a 19-year-old boy late on Thursday evening.A brawl took place at Mangor hill when the Lamani community got together at Durgamata temple near the local sports clubOn Thursday evening, during a programme at the temple, Motilal brushed against 18-year-old Geeta Lamani from Khariawada. When her family including sister, Sunita, mother, Vallibai, and 19-year-old brother, Anil, questioned Motilal about his behaviour, the accused as well as two of his brothers and a cousin brother assaulted the girl's family members.During the brawl, Motilal broke a soft drink bottle on Anil's head injuring him seriously. On being alerted, Vasco police reached the site and prevented the situation from worsening further.Anil was rushed to the Cottage hospital at Chicalim, where he received stitches on his head. The Lamani brothers were arrested under Sections 324, 504, and 323 read with 34 of the IPC.Motilal, Dharmu and Nurappa Lamani are from Birla while the cousin, Gopal Lamani, is from Sada, Vasco police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16581430", "title": "Kiran announces sops for Krishna district", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Buoyed by the success of his three-day-long Indiramma Baata, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy announced several sops to Krishna district on Thursday. The chief minister promised to grant Rs 70 crore for the construction of a super-specialty block in the existing government general hospital in the city. He said that all the super-specialty wings would be housed in the block.Curiously, the CM feigned ignorance about the super-specialty hospital granted to the city by late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy. The government had decided to shift the super-specialty hospital to Mangalagiri in neighbouring Guntur district in view of the severe scarcity of land in the city.Kiran reiterated that the government would take care to protect the crops in the Krishna delta. He said that he had directed the district collector to speed up the land acquisition for expansion of Gannavaram airport as the issue has been pending for long. He said that the government would release Rs 50 crore for the land acquisition. He asked the collector to speed up the negotiations with the farmers and complete the acquisition of the land required for the airport expansion.He said the government had already urged the Union government to grant a financial aid of Rs 2,000 crore for development of oil palm crop in the state. The CM said that a new market yard would be developed for mango at Nuzvid and a separate market committee for sheep and goat farmers at Nandigama would be constructed. He said the government had waived off nala tax for the benefit of fishermen, aqua farmers and shepherds.Earlier, he inaugurated a housing complex built for people from low income group (LIG) at Bhavanipuram in the city. The complex, consisting of 600 houses, was built at a cost of Rs 20.16 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16582069", "title": "Haldia port crisis: Kolkata Port Trust meets stakeholders", "text": "KOLKATA: After losing nearly Rs 3 crore in revenue over the last five days, Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) led by chairman in charge Manish Jain made a last-ditch effort on Thursday to get all stakeholders of the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) to come together and work out a solution to the crisis being faced by the port facility at Haldia.The outcome of Thursday's meeting will be discussed at the board meet of KoPT today. The board will decide whether harsh measures need to be taken to bring the situation under control.\"On Thursday, most of the stakeholders were present at the meeting. MP Subhendu Adhikari could not attend the meeting but sent a representative with a message in which he assured to do everything to maintain law and order at the port. However, nobody from HBT was present at the meeting. Our chairman made a presentation in which it was pointed out that cargo at most east coast bulk-handling ports has shown a decline between April and August 2012 as compared to the corresponding period in 2011. While KoPT's share has dipped by 12.79%, Vizag has registered a decline of 15.63%. Paradip's cargo has gone down by 13.05% in this period. The chairman urged all stakeholders to cooperate and be patient till the crisis tides over,\" an official said.According to him, KoPT has been writing to the stakeholders for nearly a month now, urging them to cooperate. Even the state government was kept in the loop about goings on at Haldia. Officials are considering how much longer they can sustain the revenue loss and bear with the deteriorating law-and-order crisis.\"We hope that we have been able to make our point clear at Thursday's meeting. We shall place all points before the board on Friday and wait for the decision of the trustees. These are difficult times and we expect cooperation from all stakeholders. Our resilience and patience should not be treated as our weakness,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581756", "title": "Appointment of special executive officers under HC lens", "text": "MUMBAI: The appointment of special executive officers (SEOs) has come under the scanner of the Bombay high court. A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sadhna Jadhav has asked the state government to spell out how SEOs are appointed and whether any minimum qualifications are prescribed for such appointments.\"While dealing with the criminal appeals, we have often noticed that there are serious deficiencies and defects in the functioning of some of the special executive officers especially in conducting the test identification parade and recording of dying declarations,\" the judges said. The court pointed to an instance when it found that the SEO had only passed his SSC and was working with a builder as an electrician.\"At least in two cases, we have found that special executive officers who had conducted test identification parade were bold enough to admit before the court that there were completely unaware of the guidelines incorporated in the criminal manual for holding the parade,\" observed the court.The court's observations came during the hearing of an appeal filed by a convict Bhanudas Bhise challenging his sentence. Advocate Arfan Sait, who was appointed by the HC's legal aid cell to represent the accused, pointed to the faulty manner in which the SEO had recorded the dying declaration.SEOs are usually political appointments made by ministers to reward their foot soldiers. SEOs are saddled with the responsibility of attesting documents and identities of persons. According to the rules, they can also conduct identification parades and record dying declarations. Following a HC order some years ago, the state had barred SEOs from doing these tasks. The HC has posted the matter for hearing on September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16583437", "title": "Gonzaga School goes 'gung-ho green'", "text": "MANGALORE: Usually schoolchildren love to spend their Saturdays in playgrounds. But utilizing this Saturday for a more useful purpose are 80 lower primary students attached to city-based Gonzaga School. They instead will travel to Pilikula Biological Park to bring medicinal saplings.These students along with their teachers will then plant 50 medicinal saplings on their school premises under \"Gung-ho Green,\" a special programme for children on sustainable development and conservation of environment.Gonzaga School, which opened this year, has in a short span, taken many initiatives to promote cleanliness and greenery here. Since the inception of school, students have been collecting waste material on school premises and also promoting waste recycling. They have made craft items from waste material like used ice-cream spoons, plastic bags, paper cups and others in the past three months.These handmade crafts of children will be exhibited during 'Gung-ho Green' and in the same programme children will be given an opportunity for hands-on experience like vermicompost preparation. This programme is loaded with more eco-friendly initiatives. Children will perform a street play on conservation of water to create awareness among public.Gonzaga School principal Grace Noronha told TOI that a small rain harvesting unit would be set up on the campus. The motto of these eco-friendly initiatives is to instill the idea of conservation of environment among children, she said. Water produced from rain harvesting unit will be used for plants in Gonzaga Forest, a piece of land situated in the school premises, she added.Gonzaga Forest will be designed as the replica of an actual forest. Due to rapid growth of urbanization, forest area is depleting and Gonzaga Forest will provide a glimpse of forest to children on a daily basis. All the green projects will continue for the entire academic year and a Green Club, comprising faculties will monitor these projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16584916", "title": "Sujoy Ghosh faces legal woes", "text": "Released in March 2012, Sujoy Ghosh's Kahaani was one of the first blockbusters of the year. And now, six months down the line, the filmmaker who is already planning a sequel to the Vidya Balan starrer faces legal trouble over the film that had catapulted him back into the limelight.The managing director of Intermezzo studios, Sandeep Kamal, whose company handled the vfx for the film has filed a case in the Andheri court against Sujoy for non payment of dues. The filmmaker, allegedly owes Kamal Rs 38 lakh.TOI found out that the visual effects and computer graphics services company did more than 500 vfx shots for Kahaani. According to the complaint filed in the Andheri court, the makers fraudulently exploited the team to work more than what was initially agreed upon in the contract.Sujoy Ghosh on behalf of Boundscript had taken upon the responsibility to pay for the excess work partly before and the rest after the film's release. However, he failed to keep to his commitment. He kept assuring Kamal and his company that he will pay as soon as he receives his share of profits from the film.However 3 months after the release, Sujoy suddenly turned around and started saying that he does not owe the studio any money. Instead his lawyer sent a notice, which claimed that the studio was trying to spoil their reputation and they would sue the studio for it.Tired of chasing their dues, Kamal and his company eventually resorted to the legal route. They approached eminent lawyer Ashok M Sarogi. When contacted, Kamal confirmed that his company has indeed filed a case in the Andheri court but refused to divulge further details since the case is subjudice.On the other hand the filmmaker denied owing any money to the studio and told us, \"This is completely untrue. My company doesn't owe any money to anyone.\" The case is in Andheri court and the date for argument is provided for October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581654", "title": "MLA hostel suicide: 'Victim and professor lived in lodges'", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramchandra Chikhale, who was arrested in connection with the suicide committed by a 27-year-old woman at Manora MLA hostel in south Mumbai on September 15, said he and the victim, Rupali Andhare, left their hometown two weeks before she ended her life. The two stayed at various lodges in Pune, Nashik and Shegaon before coming to Mumbai.\"On September 14, the two came to the hostel and had an argument,\" said senior inspector Janardan Kharat.Chikhale, who had initially refused to marry Andhare, was trying to convince her that he would marry her,\" said senior inspector Janardan Kharat.Andhare committed suicide on September 15.She was the niece of NCP MLA Babanrao Shinde's personal assistant Dilip Laygunde.The police had also found a suicide note and Chikhale's name in the visitor's register. Based on this he was arrested from Barshi in Solapur on the charge of abetment to suicide.Chikhale, already married and father of a son, met Andhare at a college in Solapur where she was a lecturer. Chikhale was the principal of the college. After working there for three months, she resigned.On August 25, Chikhale also resigned from the college.Police said that when Chikhale's affair began with Andhare, she didn't know that he was married. \"Rupali was under pressure as she had to take care of her two younger siblings. Her father had committed suicide a few years ago and her mother died last year,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581354", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation gearing up to meet swine flu threat", "text": "NAGPUR: On Friday, it will be exactly one month since the city saw its first swine flu positive case. Even as the toll of swine flu victims in the last one month touched six with the death of a woman in a private hospital recently, civic authorities discussed ways of controlling the infection on Thursday. The atmosphere in the city being conducive to the spread of the H1N1 virus, officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) reviewed the preparedness of the city's health workers to deal with it, on the directions of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane.Recently, 31-year-old Manisha Titarmare from Tumsar town of Bhandara district became the sixth person to succumb to the disease. Before her, Gondia's Deepak Tiwari had passed away in the city on August 30. Manisha, who had recently delivered a child, was admitted to a hospital four days before she passed away. The other four victims of the disease were a 25-year-old man from Butibori, 35-year-old Manda Vaidya from Dongargaon, Ujwala Ramteke (22) from Bhandara, who was pregnant, and 55-year-old Pratap Nagar resident Ramdas Kinale.Officials from NMC's health department met representatives from some private hospitals that have been assigned designated identified isolation wards (IIW). Nodal medical officer Dr Shyam Shende said that eight of the NMC-run hospitals are screening patients and distributing medicines free of cost. \"Zonal medical officers of the ten zones of the corporation are engaged in checking and treating swine flu patients and those who have been in contact with them,\" he said.Health officer Dr Savita Meshram said there are plans to raise awareness about the disease through banners, posters and hoardings. \"Meanwhile, people are requested to take precautions like washing hands frequently, avoiding crowded places and staying away from people showing symptoms of flu,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16581382", "title": "Seema opposition to Naidu's T-letter", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the Telugu Desam party's Telangana Forum welcomed party president N Chandrababu Naidu's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Telangana, two Rayalaseema leaders, an MLA and a general secretary, announced their decision to quit the party in protest. Meanwhile, releasing a \"Minority Declaration,\" Naidu said 15 seats would be reserved for the minorities in the next Assembly elections.Expressing opposition to Naidu's Telangana letter on Wednesday night, in which the TDP chief sought an all-party meeting to be convened to resolve the issue, Thamballapalli MLA Anipireddy Venkata Praveen Kumar Reddy demanded that the letter be withdrawn immediately. Reddy, who was the first to announce his reaction to the letter, said he would resign from the party if Naidu did not recall the letter.Talking to the media in his native place in Chittoor district, Praveen Kumar Reddy said the state could not be divided for political reasons. \"By writing a unilateral latter, the party president has hurt the sentiments of the Seemandhra people,\" Reddy said. Stating that the letter had changed the Telugu Desam into 'Telangana Desam', Reddy said he would express his protest when Naidu passes through the area as part of his \"Vastunna.. Miikosam\" padayatra, scheduled to commence from October 2.The TDP had been in disarray ever since the then home minister P Chidambaram announced the Centre's readiness to create separate Telangana state in 2009, he said. \"The party is committing a series of mistakes. Writing the letter in favour of Telangana is the latest one,\" Reddy said.In Hyderabad, former MLA and party general secretary Byreddy Rajasekhar Reddy also resigned from the party in protest against the T-letter of Naidu. Byreddy, a new champion of Rayalaseema rights, said he would embark on Rayalaseema self-respect padayatra from October 2 to highlight the injustice to the region. \"Naidu has not behaved like a leader from this region. He was misled by those who had no interest in strengthening the party,\" he said. He asked Naidu to spell out as to what would be the fate of Rayalaseema once Telangana was created.Meanwhile, the Telangana forum of the party declared open support to the T-march. The forum leader, who met in the TDLP office in the Assembly, said the party would organise rallies in all mandals in Telangana in support of the march on Friday and Saturday. Forum leader E Dayakar Rao, M Narasimhulu, Kadiam Srihari lauded Naidu's T-letter and denied the criticism that there was no clarity in the letter.On the other side, Naidu said the party would work for the empowerment of the minorities in the state. He said the TDP would extend free education to the women belonging to the minority communities. Naidu assured that if voted to power, his party would earmark Rs 2500 crore for the welfare of the minorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16582188", "title": "'Illegal mines listed in Shah report should be reforested'", "text": "PANAJI: All mines listed in the Shah commission report as 'illegal' should be classified as 'degraded mining areas' and earmarked for rehabilitation and reforestation, the Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) stated.The approvals granted to all mining leases have expired, and the permissions given for renewal were not in accordance with the law. The leases should be cancelled and the process of issuing fresh leases should commence anew, said the GBA.GBA members also decided at its core group meeting to discuss the implications of the Shah commission report in the context of the regional plan.The government should limit mining to only leases being worked now, but only if operators have legal permissions. No additional land, whether covered by an existing TC or lease, should be earmarked for mining in RP 2021 that is now notified, in operation but sought to be revisited. The buffer zones around protected areas should be maintained as per law.GBA demanded recovery of Rs 35,000 crore from miners and its reinvestment to compensate losses of mining-dependent population and reskilling them.GBA also called for a ceiling on extraction of ore, as it will be exhausted in ten years and needed to be protected for future generations considering requirements.It added that adverse impact on air, water, livelihood and health of the people should end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16581497", "title": "Earphones could plug your hearing", "text": "LUCKNOW: It is an oft-repeated advice that using ear phones all the time can cause permanent damage to the ear, but it has clearly fallen on deaf ears, going by the way the new generation refuses to shed the habit. Estimates gathered from city hospitals revealed that most persons suffering from noise-induced hearing loss (NIHL) are young. On an average, 20 patients of NIHL are seen by a single ENT specialist in a government hospital. This totals to 60 per week and 250 per month.The total number for Balrampur, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Civil and Ram Manohar Lohia hospitals would be 750 per month. Of these more than 50 per cent are youngsters, say doctors. \"We can see young persons with earphones plugged in their ears all the time. They either talk or listen to music using their cellphone. Their lifestyle comprises watching shows on noisy televisions or music systems with volume boosters playing in the background or at discotheques,\" says Moulindu Mishra, teacher at a degree college reflecting on the change over the years.Hearing aid: An expert from ENT department, King George's Medical University said, \"Hearing loss depends on two factors-the decibel of sound and the duration for which one is exposed to it.\" The human ear can tolerate sound in the range of 5-35 decibels. Sound over 35 and below 55 can lead to moderate loss of hearing while above 55 and below 70 can cause severe damage to the ear. Listening to sound above 80 decibels can cause profound deafness.Damage to the ears also depends on the total cumulative sound exposure. \"Listening to music continuously at a decibel higher than the normal can lead to permanent damage to the ear. Though, there is no established study, taking a break from ear phones is recommended,\" he said. A WHO document revealed that if one listens to sounds over 80 decibels for four hours regularly, there will definitely be hearing loss. It also says that noise above 85 decibels damages human ears and a three decibels rise above this reduces by half the time needed to cause damage. But experts say hearing impairment can be averted if people pay attention to some common symptoms.Alarm bells ringing: Bell ringing in the ears or sounds of humming, buzzing sensation or akin machine running is not normal. This happens due to a medical condition called tinnitus that is commonly seen in people addicted to ear phones. Those exposed to occupational hazards like working in a factory where heavy machines run all the time also complain of the problem. The internal ear has hair cells which help humans perceive sounds. These hair cells cannot regenerate and their number is limited. Excessive exposure to sound can lead to loss of these hair cells and lower a person's capacity to hear permanently.Sounding Alerts: Administrative fanfare in UP is incomplete without power horns. But those in the power centres of the state must know the blaring horns can cause a loss of balance and sometimes lead to unconsciousness among those exposed to the decibels. The impact poses threat of life on pedestrians and those driving two-wheelers.Actually, in the anatomy of the middle ear, there is a bone called stapes which transmits external sound to the internal ear. To execute its function, the stapes move inward and outward.However, on being exposed to high music or a sudden loud sound as in case of use of pressure horns, the bone goes far inside the internal ear. This stimulates the balance organ causing vertigo. Ear phones with volume boosters can do the same. Using earphones to listen to music or talking is thus hazardous.Virus in the ear: Sudden sensory neural hearing loss, most probably for viral or vascular reasons, is the latest factor bothering ENT experts. Doctors say deafness in this condition ranges from severe to profound categories and the damage is permanent. The only visible warning sign is sudden unexplained unilateral or one-sided hearing loss during or immediately after a viral fever. Doctors say that condition is a medical emergency and lack of correct treatment could lead to a dead ear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16580998", "title": "HC lifts stay on probe into Rs 30,000cr Powai land scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has lifted its earlier stay on the probe into the alleged Rs 30,000-crore Powai land scam, paving the way for the anti-corruption bureau to restart investigating Hiranandani Developers and senior state bureaucrat T C Benjamin.\"By granting ad-interim relief, the writ court cannot interfere in the process of investigation. Hence, we decline to continue the relief granted earlier,\" said a division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sadhna Jadhav. The court was hearing a petition filed by additional chief secretary Benjamin that sought the quashing of a complaint submitted by an activist. The judges scheduled Benjamin's petition for further hearing on October 5.\"Now that the high court has lifted the stay on the investigation, it is likely that further probe may open up a can of worms and several ministers, politicians and IAS officers who helped Hiranandani may be apprehended,\" said IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh.The case relates to an alleged scam in Powai Area Development Scheme. In 1986, the Maharashtra government gave 230 acres of land in Powai to Hiranandani Developers on an 80-year lease for building affordable houses and developing amenities in a tripartite agreement with MMRDA. As per the agreement, the developer was to construct affordable flats-half of 431 sq ft (40 sq m) and the remaining of 861 sq ft (80 sq m). Beyond this, 15% of the flats were to be given to the state at Rs 135 per sq ft.However, according to a public interest litigation, sprawling flats of 4,000-5,000 sq ft were constructed after merging smaller flats.In February this year, the high court ordered Hiranandani to halt all construction activity and asked it to first construct around 3,100 affordable apartments-1,593 flats of around 861 sq ft (80 sq m) and 1,511 flats of 430 sq ft (40 sq m). It also allowed the petitioners to file criminal complaints against the people responsible for the alleged violations.The Supreme Court upheld the HC order in March, following which activist Santosh Daundkar filed a complaint before a special court in Mumbai. The special court directed the anti-corruption bureau on July 2 to lodge an FIR. The ACB lodged an FIR against Benjamin, Niranjan Hiranandani and other unknown persons. Benjamin then moved the high court, challenging the probe. A single judge on July 10 granted an interim stay on the investigation, pending hearing of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16583526", "title": "Time not ripe for alternative front: Karat", "text": "PATNA: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said here on Thursday the time was not yet ripe to form \"a front as an alternative\" on the national scene, as the eight parties which came together during the recently-held Bharat bandh have to go through a phase of \"joint struggle\" against the three major decisions of the UPA-II.The three major decisions included allowing 51% FDI in multi-brand retail, hike in diesel price by Rs 5 per litre and cap of six subsidized LPG cylinders during a year.The eight parties concerned would hold their crucial next meeting on October 6 to decide the course of action to be adopted against the three decisions of the Centre. \"At present, we are not talking about any alternative. The only thing on the agenda of the Left and like-minded democratic parties is our joint struggle to force the government to reverse the decisions,\" Karat said, clarifying further that the eight-party combine was \"not a political front\", and the only thing that the Left shared with them is \"common understanding.\"According to him, during the winter session of Parliament, they would decide on the strategy to be adopted on the three major issues haunting the people of the country, as also with regard to draft Food Security Bill and amendments being made in the Land Acquisition Act, 1894, as the Centre is in mood to dilute many of the provisions of the amendment Bill - like reducing the earlier provision of consent of 80% of landowners, reducing the payment of compensation and further diluting the provision regarding rehabilitation.Moreover, the CPM has also been demanding similar compensation and rehabilitation in matters of acquisition of land under railways and mining related Acts, Karat said.Karat said that no thought had yet been given to bringing TMC and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee as part of the present eight-party combine, as she was heading a government and she herself was \"not clear\" as to \"where she wants to be.\" Besides, he said, Mamata had been pursuing \"undemocratic policies and has also been reversing several pro-people measures\" that the Left Front government had taken. \"The CPM and the Left is in struggle against her government there,\" Karat said.He largely refrained from making any comment either on the NDA government headed by CM Nitish Kumar in Bihar or the protests he has been facing during his Adhikar Yatra, maintaining that he was not aware of them. \"All that I can say on the basis of whatever information I have is that people in Bihar are dissatisfied,\" Karat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16582634", "title": "\u2018Panels ineffective\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the city witnessing more than six cases of eve-teasing in the last 20 days, students have sought a women's cell at PU. \"The committees meant to look into students' problems are hardly approachable. We need to have a strong cell to deal with these issues,\" said a student of fashion technology in PU who faced harassment. However, some colleges are trying to deal with the issue effectively. \"We have a women's front in the college. More efforts are being made to revive and make it student-friendly,\" said Mani Bedi, the principal of Postgraduate Government College, Sector 42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16582959", "title": "State government to focus on maritime, eco tourism", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Encouraged by the increasing number of tourists to Gujarat, the state government now plans to focus on the state's 1,600 km coastline in order to promote maritime, coastal and eco tourism.State tourism and health minister Jay Narayan Vyas spoke about tourism potential of these initiatives at the International Conference on Sustainable Tourism organized jointly by the Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (FIand) the Gujarat Tourism.While inaugurating the conference, Vyas said that Gujarat accounts for nearly 25 per cent of the cargo movement from ports in the country and if private ports are also taken into consideration, the cargo movement would be as high as 80 per cent.He said that with several big and small ports in the state, people coming here for business can be lured to stay back and given details of the sightseeing places around the areas. This would help the local to earn money.Citing example of Ambaji, he said that people use to go to the temple town and return back the same day, but when the adventure sports started, people preferred to stay back. \"This is helping the local earn money,\" he said.He said that sustainable development of tourism must take into account preservation of nature and environment, only then future generations would benefit from it.Vyas further said that by 2025, the growth of tourism and employment generation in this field will leave the traditional agriculture sector far behind.Vyas stressed on medical tourism and said that Gujarat was getting recognition in his field globally. Giving details of the medical tourism in Gujarat, he said that one third of the medicines of the country are produced in Gujarat. Gujarat tops in blood donation and Ahmedabad has a leading position in this. Ahmedabad is fifth in the world. \"Here people get world-class medical treatment for renal and other problems at a cost much lower than that in developed countries,\" the minister said.Principal secretary, tourism Vipul Mitra said making Amitabh Bachchan brand ambassador proved to be the turning point for state tourism. After Big B became the brand ambassador, there has been tremendous increase in tourism business as well as number of tourists. Rising number of tourists has posed many new challenges which need to be attended.Prominent speakers like Justin Francis of responsibletravel.com; Valere Tjolle of Vision Travel Mole; Jeremy Smith, travel writer and communications expert; Hanneli Slabber, India country manager for South Africa tourism; Param Kannampilly of Concept Hospitality; and Gopinath Parayil of The Blue Yonder were among others who took part in the discussion.The conference has been organized as part of the run up to Vibrant Gujarat Global Investor's Summit 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581696", "title": "Government to bear burden of midday meals", "text": "NAGPUR: With the cap on subsidized cylinders coming into effect, religious institutions like the Ayyappa temple at Anant Nagar will have to shell out more for its cooking activities. Shreekumar Pillai, secretary of the temple's trust, said, \"From November 16 to January 14 we will be using up to one LPG cylinder everyday due to the holy month of Vrushchika. We will be making huge quantities of prasad for devotees and this price hike will surely hurt, but then rules are rules. On a regular basis, we just require two cylinders in a month, one for prasad and the other one to cook food for the staff.\"The Gurudwara on Kamptee Road too sees an almost non-stop flow of devotees and its trustees are worried about the price hike. Tejpal Singh, secretary, Gurudwara Singh Sabha, said, \"We have to prepare food for the community at large where everyone is welcome, so our requirement is naturally higher. Every month we use up almost 30 cylinders, so this drastic jump in prices will definitely hit us hard.\"Schools are the other charitable institutes, where this decision will have an effect, since midday meals are prepared everyday at government and aided schools. While the LPG connection is in the schools' name and they pay for it, ultimately the state government reimburses that amount.B Deshmukh, state government official in charge of midday meal scheme for Nagpur district, says around 4.7 lakh students in the district avail of the free meal scheme in schools. \"Around 8,000 cylinders are needed every month in the district and we will reimburse any amount that they have to pay for LPG,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581586", "title": "Student claims Mumbai university's law course is outdated", "text": "MUMBAI: Law students in colleges affiliated to the Mumbai University are studying an outdated syllabus.University of Mumbai's inability to respond to an RTI query and then directing it to its' affiliated colleges,has put a question mark on the course content being taught in city colleges.An RTI filed by Hussain Ali Chandrani, a law student from a city college, was directed to colleges by the university. Chandrani asked the university to give him information on whether the 2008 Bar Council of India (BCI) guidelines on the course structure, faculty and student strength, curriculum set-up and upgradation of syllabus were being followed. However, his query was forwarded to the university's affiliated colleges.Later, Chandrani appealed to the authorities over non-submission of required information.\"Issues of adopting the guidelines for revised course prescribed by the BCI are within the purview of the Board of Studies (BoS) and the Faculty of Law of the university and not the colleges.\" On further appeal, he was told that a three-member committee was set up by the university to discuss the issues arising out of the BCI guidelines.\"This shows the university's inability to update their syllabus for several years. The BCI has prescribed a more practical oriented syllabus and has also structured the course well so that students get maximum benefit out of it,\" he said.However, a BoS member claimed that adopting BCI norms is not possible. \"Aided law colleges are already running into losses. They do not have enough teachers for existing programmes. Law colleges in the city are also dependent on the visiting faculty, who are not available after 10.30am as they go for practice in court,\" the member said.Upgrading the syllabus by BCI standards is very difficult, she added.\"Colleges are worried about the unaided subjects for which they will need additional faculty,\" she added. If one has to revise the course structure, the state government has to give colleges an assurance to give grants for these courses,\" said an official.In fact, a meeting of law college principals was held to discuss this very issue, claimed the BoS member. \"Colleges cannot take the extra burden of these new subjects prescribed by the BCI, when running the existing courses itself is a daunting task,\" she added. A committee was set up to represent the issues faced by colleges in the implementation of the BCI rules of Legal Education to the minister of higher and technical education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16581054", "title": "Ganesha turns green in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Taking the concept of 'Green Ganesha' to a new level, a Ganesha Mahotsav organiser has designed a clay Ganpati with green grass. The idol is developed using farm land and green grass was grown on it after regularly watering it.Vikas Kuch Mandal (VKM) of Kuwarji Sheri in Mahidharpura has also grown 'Dharu', a type of grass used in rituals, on the idol.\"To develop a grass Ganesha, we started working on the concept two years ago. After some failed attempts, we succeeded this year. The idol was being made since last six months and the results are as per our expectations,\" said Kirit Jariwala, president of the Mandal.The organisers are known for their eco-friendly concept for past 10 years. VKM uses only clay idol every year. In 2011, VKM developed Ganesha pandal on theme of 'Save River Tapi'.To develop the clay Ganesha with grass on it, VKM first made small idols of Ganesha using clay and grass was grown on it. After developing a small idol successfully, the bigger idol was developed using the same method. A minor wood structure was used inside the idol to make it stronger. Water is sprinkled on the grass regularly to help it grow and once grown, trimming is done to give it it final shape.\"The idol will not be immersed in the river. We will bring some Tapi water at the pandal and it will be sprinkled to purify the idol,\" said Jariwala, an employee in a diamond unit.\"It is an interesting concept in which the organizers made no harm to nature, organized it without depending on anyone and with limited expenses,\" said Naresh Patel, a visitor at the pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581790", "title": "Brothers built taxi fleet with robbed cars", "text": "NEW DELHI: For three years, they drugged and robbed cab owners to build one of northwest Delhi's bigger taxi fleets. The inspiration came from news reports about other drug-and-rob gangs, and the sedatives from an unscrupulous chemist, but the guile with which the brothers attained their ends was all their own.On Wednesday, though, the middle-aged duo ran out of luck. \"Madan Lal Arora (52) and his brother Ashok Arora (46), who are residents of Rohini, were arrested after we stumbled upon one of the robbed vehicles in the Mangolpuri area,\" said P Karunakaran, DCP, Northwest.Police say all the vehicles in the brothers' fleet were robbed from other operators. They used to target Toyota Innovas, preferably white, and five of these have been seized. A search is now on for the chemist who supplied sedatives to the brothers.Police said the accused would seek a lift from or hire the vehicle they wanted to grab. Once on board, they would offer the driver a drink spiked with sedatives that would knock him out for two-three days. Dumping the driver in the outskirts, the brothers would drive away the vehicle, fix fake Haryana registration numbers to it and also arrange fake papers.Police got after the brothers when Jaswinder, a tour and taxi service owner, reported how he was drugged and had to stay in Fortis Hospital for three days.On September 16, a man had hired Jaswinder's taxi to Punjabi Bagh. Later, the operator was found unconscious near Central School, Pitampura while his car was missing.The brothers have reportedly told police their first target was an Innova hired in R K Puram. The ease with which they pulled off their first robbery emboldened them to find new targets.Besides the five robbed cars they recovered on Wednesday, police were also able to seize 30 tablets of sedatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "16582715", "title": "Samsung to shop for music software", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics , which has vaulted the value chain on the strength of its hardware, will go out and buy mobile content providers, a senior executive told reporters, to compete with Apple, Google and Amazon.com in a global digital music market worth nearly $9 billion.The South Korean electronics giant has muscled its way to global leadership in TVs, smartphones, chips and display screens - packing internally sourced state-of-the-art components into consumer gadgets - but software remains a weak link.\"The message we're getting from the top is to raise software capability, and buy rather than build, if needed,\" Kang Tae-jin, senior vice president of Samsung's Media Solution Center, said in an interview. \"Our focus on software is primarily aimed at driving hardware sales, rather than making money. We have a full range of handsets in so many countries, and, to better market our products, we thought it's better to start our own software business.\"Apple's potential launch of an online streaming music service is prompting rivals to counter the iPod maker, which pioneered and still leads the digital music market. Success in today's mobile market means integrating products to seamlessly connect hardware and software.In May, Samsung bought online music service mSpot and has built its own Music Hub service to compete against Android's Music Player, Apple's iTunes and Amazon's Cloud Player.Kang says Samsung is ready to do more deals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16581969", "title": "Youth shot dead by friend", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 22-year-old youth, Nasratullah aka Chutaku of Mehdauri, was allegedly shot dead by his friend over a petty dispute in Shivkuti on Thursday.Station officer Shivkuti VK Singh said Nasratullah and his friend Dosa worked at an auto workshop.On Thursday, the duo had a scuffle over the washing of a bike. But the issue was sorted out following the intervention of fellow workers.In the meantime, Dosa left the washing unit and came back with a country-made pistol and fired at Nasarutullah.Police said Nasarutullah succumbed to his injuries. His body was later sent for postmortem. Dosa is absconding, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16581650", "title": "Bringing the Lord to their home away from home", "text": "NAGPUR: For the many students who leave their homes to study in a new city, their hostels and colleges, are second homes. It is here that they bring their beloved Lord Ganesh. \"Bringing Ganpati to our hostel has given it a homely feeling and brought everybody together as a family,\" said Surabhi Pahwa, third year engineering student staying in Devashree Girls Hostel.The coming of Lord Ganesh is also an introduction to Maharashtrian culture to students from other states, say some. \"It is very exciting to show students from different states in our hostel our rich culture,\" said Sayalee Sawant of Priyadarshini Girls Hostel who hails from Thane. Her hostel supervisor Kalpana Mulekar says that organising such religious functions helps instill 'sanskar' in the students who are away from home. \"Living in hostels, they are away from traditions, thus this becomes an attempt to connect them with their roots,\" she said.What is more heartening is that students of not only different states but also different communities and even nationalities take part in festivities with full fervour. Richard Alves, who hails from Goa and lives in the Institute of Design Education and Architectural Studies, Hudkeshwar hostel, takes part in the daily aarti and other functions of his hostel Ganpati celebrations.\"We have students from Punjab, Himachal and other places and this festival has helped the hostel become a confluence of culture. The puja is done involving the different traditions of students coming from various parts of the country,\" he said.The Ganpati installed in Ramdeobaba temple by the boys hostel of Ramdebaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering and Technology (RKNCET) also sees students from Nepal taking part in the religious proceedings. These installations also have a lighter side to them. \"Till last year Ganpati used to be installed in our girls hostel. It was believed girls are better at managing everything and boys are comparatively lazy and unkempt. This time, we insisted we would organise it well and it has been good,\" said Aditya Kabra of RKNCET.Engineering students are believed to be very superstitious. Giving proof of it Ashutosh Chaudhary of Yaashwantrao Chavan College of Engineering (YCCE) hostel said that students who smoked or had non-vegetarian food totally gave up their habits during these days. \"We also make sure that the diyas never go out and two students sleep near the idols to ensure this during night,\" he said.It is not only hostels, but colleges also bring home the lord of wisdom. \"We have been celebrating Ganesh Chaturthi since 2008 when the college was established. And the whole college celebrates it as a family and the last day 'sandal' is something that is looked forward to by everyone,\" said Girish Bajaj of Jhulelal Institute of Technology.At Nagpur Institute of Technology, Ganesh Chaturthi also doubles up as an annual college festival. \"We have named our Ganesh programme Sankalp and organize various cultural and technical events including robotics, cricket and dance,\" said Camilo Ramteke, a final year student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581874", "title": "New car buyers face trouble for no fault of theirs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Owners of new cars in the capital have been driven to despair trying to get their high-security numberplates, waiting for days and making frantic calls to the dealer. But things are about to get even worse.The cops plan to throw the rule book at anyone who doesn't have a high-security numberplate (HSNP) within seven days of the date of purchase. They will be fined under registration certificate violations and even their vehicles may be impounded, JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg has told TOI.Car owners and dealers find this bizarre and downright unjust. They say the transport department's claim that numberplates are issued in three-six days is absurd. TOI spoke to many car dealers and owners on Thursday; most said they had been waiting for weeks with no sign of their numberplates.Former joint commissioner of police (traffic) Maxwell Pereira, who bought a Toyota Corolla Altis three weeks ago from a south Delhi dealer, is among the many new car buyers who are still waiting for their numberplates. \"I am all for traffic drives as they ensure compliance but these should not end up harassing people. It is the transport department and the authority issuing these HSNPs who should be hauled up. I've been told that it will take at least 10 more days,\" Pereira told TOI. Owner after owner had the same story. Mayank Sharma, a resident of south Delhi who bought his Hyundai i10 a month back doesn't know where to turn for help. \"I have an HSNP receipt dated September 4 but the centre in Pushp Vihar does not have it yet. When I hunted down the small plot where the centre is located, there were at least 30 people waiting there. The supervisor said he has plates of receipts dated August 21 or earlier only,\" said Sharma. \"I have been asked to return after 10 days. Why should I suffer,\" fumed Sharma.It was worse in Janakpuri. Jose PJ, from Ashok Vihar, bought a Honda Brio in July. He has an HSNP payment receipt dated July 17 but transport officials have told him that it is still 'under process'. He said: \"I have been calling them up every week. They either don't answer or tell me it will take more time, while the transport department website says it's under process.\"Several car dealers across the city confirmed this. \"We act as a facilitator by getting the HSNP receipt issued for the customer. However, the centres tell our customers that the dealer has not made any payment or submitted all documents. This is not possible as the receipt is issued only if all documents and payments are in order. There is a huge backlog and no numberplate is issued within a week, no matter what the transport department claims,\" said a senior manager of a Hyundai dealership in west Delhi.Transport department officials, however, stuck to their guns. \"People don't bother to check their status and collect the plates from the centres,\" insisted a senior department official.Car owners are furious. \"My receipt for the numberplate is dated August 6 and I am tired of pursuing the Pitampura centre. What is the use of HSNP if we can't get them for so long? Our cars can get stolen and without a numberplate it will never be tracked down,\" said Virender Gulati, who recently bought a Maruti Swift. Given this feedback , the traffic police told TOI they would check facts before launching the drive. \"We will check the facts with transport department, see the ground situation and then take a call,\" said joint commissioner Garg.Times ViewIt is quite evident that if the traffic police launches its drive on Monday, innocent car owners are likely to face harassment for no fault of theirs. The transport department is adding insult to injury by not getting its act together and then asking cops to penalize car owners. If it indeed has a large number of unclaimed numberplates, these owners can be challaned by the traffic police. This seems to be a case of serious deficiency in service and, what's worse, lack of any accountability. What's needed is a probe by Delhi government and not a drive to punish the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "16582779", "title": "Plea to include approver as accused dismissed in fire case", "text": "THANJAVUR: A petition filed by a counsel of one of the 21 accused in the Kumbakonam fire tragedy case to include Prabakaran - the headmaster, who turned an approver - as one of the accused, was dismissed by the judge in Thanjavur district sessions court here on Thursday.The order came in the afternoon session on the fourth day of the trial that commenced on Monday, eight years after the fire tragedy that had claimed 94 school children in Kumbakonam in 2004. Judge G Saravanan had on Wednesday adjourned the case to Thursday after hearing the argument from advocate Krishnamoorthy, the counsel of one of the accused Santhalakshmi and government appointed special public prosecutor R Madhusudhanan on the petition.In the argument on Wednesday, Madhusudhanan argued to reject the petition saying chief judicial magistrate, Kumbakonam had given pardon to the headmaster after he had turned an approver in 2005.Judge Saravanan on Thursday ordered to dismiss the petition pointing out that there was no law to include the approver Prabakaran as one of the accused because he has given enough evidence in support of the case. Hence, the petition was dismissed.Following the rejection of the petition, the cross-examination with the approver was conducted for nearly two hours. The counsel of Santhalakshmi cross-examined the approver. The case was later adjourned to Friday.Public prosecutor Madhusudhanan told TOI on Thursday night that the approver would be cross-examined by the counsels of the accused on Friday also. The cross-examination with the approver would be completed after eight counsels of the accused conduct their cross-examination. After that, the witnesses would be summoned to appear in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16582797", "title": "Trio nabbed after robbing jeweller", "text": "MADURAI: Three persons robbed a jeweller and fled the place with 90 sovereigns of gold on Wednesday night in Madurai, but were caught by the police with the help of the alert public.R Sankaran (63), a jeweller, residing at TNHB Colony left from his jewellery outlet at Pacharisikara Street around 9.30pm on Wednesday. As was his practice, Sankaran packed all the gold jewellery to the tune of 90 sovereigns and was carrying it to his house. When he was riding over NMR Bridge, three persons in another motorcycle intercepted Sankaran, put chilli powder on his face and grabbed the jewellery bag. The trio fled the spot and one of them rode away with Sankaran's motorcycle as well. Fellow motorists, who rushed to the help of Sankaran, started chasing the robbers. While two of them managed to escape with the jewels, one robber, who fled in Sankaran's motorcycle rammed into a roadside pole and fell down. Public caught him and handed over to the police. A statement from the police said that the gold jewellery worth Rs 21.5 lakh was seized from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16586078", "title": "India keeps focus on Afghanistan at 67th UNGA", "text": "Away from the focus on statements by leaders at the UNGA , India has been quietly working on issues related to Afghanistan with Indian officials participating in 5 formal and informal meetings involving the country this week in New York.On September 24, the States of the Istanbul process reviewed the current status of the 7 action points that were agreed upon. India which has been entrusted with the responsibility regarding cooperation amongst Chambers of Commerce was amongst those who provided updates of action taken in areas there were responsible for. \"The same evening,the Council on Foreign Relations, a leading US Think Tank arranged a closed door interaction in New York for its members on \"Afghanistan in Transition\".Afghan deputy foreign minister Jawed Ludin along with YK Sinha, the joint secretary in MEA handling Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iran shared perceptions of how they perceived the evolving situation with an large number of intellectuals, strategists, journalists and analysts who are eagerly following the Af-Pak situation\" said an official.\"On 25th September, the first Trilateral meeting of US-India and Afghanistan was convened,\" he added.This was the first consultations amongst the three governments who share common interests in the region and have pledged to work together on common challenges and opportunities, including combating terrorism and violent extremism and increasing regional trade and investment.Following the Trilateral meeting, on 26th September, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai had a detailed discussion with Ambassador Marc Grossman, US Sp Represenative for Af-Pak in a bilateral format.On Thursday, Afghanistan convened a meeting of the P5 and other important stakeholders who are members of the Security Council to brief them about the Afghan situation. India too was invited to the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16583570", "title": "Work is on to plug leakage at Amba Vilas", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Palace Board has taken steps to plug leakes on the domes atop the durbar hall of Amba Vilas and Kalayan Mantap. So far, these domes were covered with tarpaulins.Following downpour a month ago, rainwater was trickling down the durbar hall through the cracks in the roof. Sheets of polythene and tarpaulin were placed to stem the leak. Damage to eight decorative glass panes on the roof added to the leakage.The durbar hall, used by kings for private audiences, is one of the most-spectacular rooms in the massive building. The central nave has ornately-gilded columns, stained-glass ceilings, decorative steel grills, and chandeliers with delicate floral motifs, mirrored in the pietra dura mosaic floor embellished with semi-precious stones.Now, the repair works, complete with painting and cleaning, are going on in full swing. Speaking on the work, Mysore Tarpaulins proprietor Y Veerabhadra told TOI that it is a tough task to plug the leak in the palace. \"Any small mistake can damage the panes,\" he added.A fortnight ago, they had installed cotton tarpaulin sheets over the durbar hall and other places which saw leak. This time, they have put up semi-transparent 'Silpaulin' (a material made using Swiss technology). \"The stuff is resistant to UV and heat, and is detachable,\" he added. A team of eight workers are on the job to fix the problem.Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya said replacing glasses with ordinary glass will ruin the beauty of the palace. \"These are handmade material imported from Scotland a century ago,\" he said. The panes have handmade paintings too.Regional Conservatory Laboratory (RCL) is looking into the problem. Following RCL advice, a few special ornamental glasses were chosen to study the nature of glass, and from where similar material could be imported. \"Tendering process for the same has begun and the broken panes will be replaced soon,\" he said.National Institute of Engineering and Indian Institute of Science are assigned the task of giving epoxy coating to fix the cracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581624", "title": "Wadia-Raheja row: Judges reject 12 of 15 documents submitted", "text": "MUMBAI: A division bench of Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed on Thursday rejected 12 out of the 15 documents, including a copy of a will made in 1992 by Bachoonai Woronzow, which the G L Raheja group company, Ferani Hotel Pvt Ltd, sought to bring in as additional documents in its appeal against an order passed last December.The 2011 order allowed industrialist Nusli Wadia to continue as the sole administrator of a 600 acre-property in the western suburbs, which were part of the E F Dinshaw estates. The court observed that the test of due diligence had not been met by the Raheja company and it thus allowed only three documents which were available with the Bombay high court.The Raheja company had challenged the continuation of Wadia as the administrator after the death of E F Dinshaw's sister Bachoobai in the US in 2003.Wadia, through his legal team, had argued that Ferani failed to show that it could not produce the documents earlier despite due diligence. Vivek Vashi, solitor for Ferani said, \"We will consider our options after reviewing a copy of a copy of the order.\"The documents that were not allowed include a letter written in 1994 by Bachoobai Woronzow to Wadia and one by Wadia on 2003 to Radha Krishna Properties. It also rejected a 2011 written document in Spanish and its English translation, as well as a copy of her health care declrataion and probate proccedings in a US court regarding Will of E F Dinshaw. It also rejected copies of prescriptions dated 2002 issued to Bachoobai by the New York Presbyterian Hospital, copy of the discharge issued by the hospital and a 2003 doctor's certificate about her health. It allowed a written statement of 2001 by Woronzow in an old suit as well as a certified cipy of the probate proceedings of her 2001 Will.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581249", "title": "Sea Rock scam: Ex-CM under fire", "text": "MUMBAI: In what may embarrass former chief minister Ashok Chavan , the state urban development department has told the Bombay high court that building of a luxury hotel in the Coastal Regulatory Zone II will be governed by the DCR ( development control regulations ) of 1967 and not 1991.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a PIL alleging various illegalities pertaining to the redevelopment of the Sea Rock Hotel in Bandra.According the petitioner, advocate Sonia Sood, former CM (late) Vilasrao Deshmukh had used his discretionary power to grant 2.5 FSI (floor space index) in October 2008 under DCR 1967. Without taking Chavan's name, she said the next chief minister again used his discretionary powers to grant FSI of 3 in July 2009 under DCR 1991. Chavan was the CM at that time. Sood argued that discretionary powers cannot be used twice and two DCRs cannot be applicable to the same plot.In his August 30, 2012 affidavit, the deputy director, town planning, Sanjay Kurve, said, \"The building of a luxury hotel in the CRZ II area will be governed by DCR 1967 and not by DCR 1991.''The BMC affidavit by Rajeev Kuknur, chief engineer (development plan) said, \"The grant of extra FSI is under DCR 1967 and plan with concessions sanctioned as per the prevailing DCR 1991 policy.\"On Thursday, Sood told the court that \"an absolute case for stay\" of development is made out as the BMC has admitted that both DCRs have been used. BMC counsel Raju Subramanium and developer Ellel Hotels and Investments Private Limited's counsel Janak Dwarkadas sought time to file their replies to a \"600-page rejoinder submitted by Sood\".Subramanium also said the BMC has not withdrawn the stop-work notice issued to Ellel. The next hearing is on October 22, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16582962", "title": "New sewage plant at Muttathara nears completion", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The modern sewage treatment plant, being constructed near the old sewage farm at Muttathara, is nearing completion. According to Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP) officials and the state irrigation department, 90% of the work has been completed.The Rs 80-crore project, funded by Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, is expected to prevent the pollution of water bodies. Overflowing drains from the old farm pollute Thiruvallom, Parvathy Puthanar and Amayizhanchan rivulets.\"The entire construction work of the plant has been completed and the machinery has also been installed. Two things remain -electrification of the plant and the test-run of the machinery,\" said junior superintendent of the irrigation department G Raju.Raju, who is also in charge of the modernization works, said that the work will be completed by January 30, 2013 the scheduled deadline. He added that pipeline work, connecting the old sewage farm to the new plant, is progressing steadily. Drainage water at the sewage farm will be directed to the new plant through this pipe, preventing its overflow.The plant is equipped with modern machinery, including 46 motor pumps, a screen chamber to filter plastic waste from the sewage, a grit chamber to separate solid waste and generators.KSUDP project manager D Muraleedharan Nair said \"Two test-runs have to be conducted after the electrification process. The machinery at the plant will be subjected to a dry test during the first test-run and then a wet test in which pure water will be run through the machines. If the tests are completed successfully, the plant will start its operations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581202", "title": "Don\u2019t act like recovery agents, HC tells cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shivaji Park police's action to arrest a Charkop resident and handcuff him over a leave and licence dispute invited the ire of the Bombay high court on Thursday. \"Are the police now acting a recovery agents?\" asked a division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sadhana Jadhav while hearing a petition filed by Paresh Parekh.\"In normal circumstances, this could have been a civil dispute. In this case, an FIR of cheating is lodged, a man is arrested and he has to spend a day in the lock-up,\" said the judges, reminding the police that the court had recently ordered a compensation of Rs 2.5 lakh in another case relating to illegal custody.The court observed that it had been coming across many cases of this nature where the police act in an improper manner. \"This is not a solitary case and is happening day in and day out in Mumbai. This has to stop,\" said the judges.On September 15, 2012, TOI had reported about the high court rapping the police's propensity to play judge and trying to force out of court settlements in matters.The court clarified that it was not giving a clean chit to Parekh, who allegedly had criminal antecedents. \"We are not giving Parekh a certificate of honesty, but are perturbed by the procedure adopted by the police,\" said the court while reserving its judgment in the case. The police claimed that they had arrested Parekh only after approval from the deputy commissioner of police.Referring to another judgment, the judges remarked: \"Today it is his turn, we do not know whose turn it will be tomorrow.\"The case concerned a complaint lodged against Parekh in April 2012 by a resident of Shivaji Park over non-payment of Rs 3 lakh and for not executing a leave and licence agreement for commercial purposes. The police recorded Parekh's statement and subsequently on August 25, an FIR under Section 420 of the Indian Penal Code for cheating was lodged.According to Parekh, he was \"handcuffed and humiliated as if he was a hardcore criminal\". The next day, he was produced before a magistrate who released him on bail, saying no case for police custody was made out. At the last hearing, the high court had expressed displeasure over the handcuffing incident, saying that it \"stalks the conscience of the court as even in more serious matters, handcuffs are not put\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16583785", "title": "Special greeting for visitors on World Tourism Day", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: To mark world tourism day, tourists visiting the holiday retreat on Thursday were greeted with flowers and sweets at all the tourist spots in town.World tourism day was observed in Ooty by the tourism department in association with the Nilgiris district administration. With Badaga traditional music, tourist department officials along with college students and faculty, tourist guides, NSS students and tourism activity operators gathered at the Ooty bus stand and greeted tourists with sweets and the guide map of the hill town.Later, the group reached the Ooty railway station and greeted domestic and foreign tourists arriving by rail, with garlands and sweets. \"I had not idea there was a world tourism day. But I am really happy to be welcomed in this special way,\" said P Ragavendra , a tourist from Coimbatore.The welcoming group led by tourist officer S Durairaj visited the Ooty Lake and greeted tourists there. As part of creating awareness among tourists, they also cleaned the Ooty lake. An elocution and essay contest were held for college students in connection with the world tourism day. Nilgiris collector, Archana Patnaik distributed prizes to winners at the lake.More than 4500 tourists who visited the Government Botanical Garden (GBG), were greeted with buttonholes and a chocolate by garden officials. \"From 6.30 a.m. till 7 pm visitors were greeted in this way. Tourists were elated by our small gesture,\" said V Ramsundar, assistant director of horticulture.A few days ago, the Nilgiris collector had asked tourism operators to welcome tourists in a traditional way on September 27 and give them special concessions to mark world tourism day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16585514", "title": "Around 95% of Indians with epilepsy don't get treatment: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 95% people with epilepsy in India don't receive any treatment. Anti-epileptic drugs aren't available to almost 50% patients in the public sector with less than 40% actually receiving generic medicines instead of the expensive branded ones.Neurocysticercosis (parasitic disease of the nervous system) is responsible for about 30% of seizure disorders in the Indian subcontinent. Epilepsy is often associated with substantial stigma, with most people with epilepsy less likely to be sent to school, find employment or marry.Around 14 people per 1,000 population (median lifetime prevalence) are expected to suffer from epilepsy in countries like India with higher estimates in children and young adults, and in rural areas.These are the findings of a study by University of Oxford and published in the British medical journal The Lancet on Friday. More than 85% of the global burden of epilepsy occurs in low-income countries including India.The World Health Organization says epilepsy accounted for about 0.5% of the global burden of disease or more than 7 million disability-adjusted life-years. Head injury is a common cause of epilepsy worldwide.The Lancet said epilepsy needed to be brought into the agenda of non-communicable diseases. It was not mentioned in the UN General Assembly meeting in New York to address the global burden of non-communicable diseases, and yet it represents a substantial burden of ill health.Dr Rakesh Agrawal, an expert on epilepsy from Apollo Hospital, said epilepsy by nature is a controllable disease. According to him, 30% of cases, which are mainly caused by infections in the brain like tuberculosis , are completely curable while in 60% patients, seizures can be completely controlled.What bothers Dr Agrawal is that in rural India, epilepsy faces serious social stigma because of which majority of people don't reach out for treatment. \"Epilepsy is quite a serious problem in India. While 60% of people in urban India consult a doctor after suffering a seizure, only 10% in rural India would do so. Also, epilepsy treatment is long term and can take around two years time. Compliance to medications therefore is very poor with only half adhering to the regimen. Once patients are seizure free for a few days, they stop medication until they suffer another episode,\" Dr Agrawal said.He added, \"The most common cause of epilepsy in the 15-50 age group is neurocysticercosis caused by infected pork or underground vegetables not washed properly. In every 10 patients I see, 5 suffer from neurocysticercosis. However majority of them are treated in 2-3 years time.\"The Lancet paper said the number of people with epilepsy in these countries was more than double that in higher-income nations, and more than 60% of people in these regions were not accessing any appropriate epilepsy treatment. The paper highlighted the fact that the burden of epilepsy in these countries including India was under-acknowledged by health agencies, despite the fact that treatment for this disorder was highly cost-effective.According to lead author, professor Charles Newton of the department of psychiatry, University of Oxford, \"The research shows that the burden of epilepsy in these regions is at least double that found in high-income countries, and sadly, adequate facilities for diagnosis, treatment and ongoing management of epilepsy are virtually non-existent in many of the world's poorest regions. Many people with epilepsy or their families do not even know that they have a disorder that can be controlled with biomedical treatment, so it is vitally important that awareness is raised and medical care improved in these regions.\"The authors suggest that the higher incidence of risk factors for epilepsy - such as head trauma, poor neonatal care, and infections such as neurocysticercosis (pork tapeworm) and onchocerciasis (river blindness ) - are probably responsible for the high numbers of people with epilepsy in these regions.They went on to suggest that the epilepsy burden could be easily and inexpensively reduced by addressing some of these risk factors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16583088", "title": "Broken and battered arteries make city limp", "text": "LUCKNOW: Condition of roads has gone from bad to worst post monsoon following constant digging and haphazard repair work. Be it VIP routes, primary arterial roads or internal roads of colonies and localities, across the city, the condition of roads after rains has only deteriorated.It's common to come across minor accidents across the city any time of the day. For example, Dandaiya market road, Indiranagar's internal roads, particularly at Sector 21, need immediate attention. \"Everyday, I witness several minor accidents involving bikers trying to pass through internal roads,\" says Vivek Singh, a resident of Sector 21, Indiranagar.The condition in old city is much worse. Several areas around Aishbagh and Chowk remain potholed throughout the year. \"The roads are extremely bad and people skid every now and then. Bikers are often seen towing their bikes after flat tyres caused by craggy roads,\" adds Sankalp Rastogi, resident of Aishbagh. Rastogi added absence of street lights has made driving late in the evening a nightmare in this part of the city. Earlier this week, the government approved a budget of Rs 25 crore for construction of close to 200 roads in old city.Condition of VIP routes as well as primary roads is similar. Interestingly, while PWD minister Shivpal Yadav, is stressing pothole-free roads, the 6.2 km long Lohia Path, Samajwadi Party's ambitious project that connects Kalidas Chauraha (Golf Course intersection) to Polytechnic, within five years of its completion has undergone repairs as well as re-layering of several stretches. The project was administered at a cost of Rs 69 crore as a part of the JNNURM.One of the accident-prone spots at Lohia Path lies in Gomtinagar just before the Lohia Park intersection. Vehicles coming from Polytechnic towards Gomtinagar need to take U-turn from a spot which is narrower than the remaining stretch. \"Instead of having additional lanes to ensure comfortable U-turn, the stretch at this spot gets narrower,\" highlighted Amir Islahi, chairman of Metro Hospital situated extremely close to the spot. He added, \"I have noticed a spurt in number of accidents on this stretch due to increased traffic flow this side in last one year.\" The road could not be widened because of a graveyard adjoining the stretch.Clearly, close monitoring and fixing responsibility in the overall process is paramount for better results. Noor Alam, council member Indian Roads Congress, an expert technical body in the field of road construction highlighted, \"Contractors carrying out work under any agency do not deliver as required. Instead of pointing fingers at each other, the agencies should take stern action against erring road construction firms.\" Alam added that agencies only take care of VIP roads while interior roads remain worst affected.While VIP roads such as Lohia Path and Jail road\u2014pet projects of SP and BSP, respectively\u2014are relatively better placed, remaining primary roads such as Ring Road that connects Munshipulia Chauraha to Sitapur road at Madiaon junction, need immediate attention. Work at several stretches has been going on for past several years. \"The road lacks shallow drain system at several places and work is on,\" told V K Singh, Chief Engineer (Central Zone), PWD. Shallow drains are required on both sides of primary roads in order to facilitate the flow of rainwater into overall drainage system.Vivek Trivedi, a biker who uses the road frequently, added, \"Ring Road is burdened by heavy traffic throughout the day and requires more attention than Lohia Path.\" While roads, which were dug up to lay sewer lines, remain unattended, the city residents instead of looking forward to repair work, need to brace up for worse scenario in days to come. \"We are planning to initiate road construction in October,\" revealed a senior official from civic body. Guess, Alam's fears are not unfounded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16582159", "title": "Armed robbers steal truck with Rs 20L tyres", "text": "GURGAON: Unidentified armed robbers held a truck driver hostage at gunpoint and drove away his truck on NH-8 late on Wednesday night. The truck was loaded with tyres, which were estimated to cost around Rs 20 lakh. The robbers had also snatched some cash from the truck driver.Two days ago a truck driver was stabbed to death by unknown robbers near Bilaspur Chowk on NH-8.The incident took place on Delhi-Jaipur highway near Sidhrawli turn around 11pm on Wednesday. According to police, truck driver Vijay Kumar, resident of Jaunpur in Uttar Pradesh, was coming towards Delhi in his truck, which was loaded with tyres.\"When he reached the highway near Sidhrawli a Scorpio driver overtook him and signalled him to pull over. In a minute seven-eight robbers came out from the Scorpio and took him and his helper Kalia hostage at gunpoint. They then stole cash from the truck driver after tying them with ropes. One of them took the key of the truck and drove it towards Jaipur. After three kilometres they threw them by the roadside and fled with the truck,\" said the driver, Vijay Kumar.After being in that condition for some time, late at night some good Samaritan passersby came to their rescue and took them to the Bilaspur police station by early Thursday morning. Bilaspur police lodged an FIR against the accused robbers.\"We have identified the accused and the stolen truck,\" Babu Lal, SHO, Bilaspur police station told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581309", "title": "Man held for Rs 12L admission fraud, hunt on for associates", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mulund police on Wednesday arrested a 39-year-old Sion resident for allegedly duping a 45-year-old homemaker of Rs 12.4 lakh after promising that he would get her daughter admitted to Dr D Y Patil Medical College in Navi Mumbai.Nikesh Gavand was caught from his Sion-Koliwada residence five days after a complaint was lodged against him. The police suspect that he is a member of a chain of fraudsters and has duped several others of crores of rupees.\"My daughter did not secure a high percentage in the HSC examinations. I then learned through a relative that a man called Gavand got such students admitted to engineering and medical courses,\" Mulund Colony resident Priya Shetkar's mother Shashikala told the police. Accordingly, she got in touch with him and paid Rs 12.4 lakh to help her daughter realize her dream of getting a medical education.In January 2011, Priya (18) visited the college to enquire about the timings for first-year MBBS. \"The college officials asked Priya to show the fee receipt and the ID card. On seeing the documents, they realized that they were fake and told the girl that she had been duped,\" said senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav.Assistant inspector Pandrinath Patil said Shashikala was not willing to lodge a complaint initially as she was scared. \"In January this year, Gavand came to know that the family was mulling lodging a complaint against him. He contacted the family and fell at Shashikala's feet, apologizing for his act. He also promised to return the money. Gavand issued six cheques, but all of them bounced,\" said Patil. Finally, the family approached the police earlier this month.Gavand was booked under different sections of the IPC for breach of trust, cheating and forgery. The police were trying to locate the other people involved in the racket.Officials from the medical college were unavailable for comment. TOI also called up Priya on Thursday, but she asked the correspondent to get in touch with her later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16582964", "title": "C-secs on the rise in Malappuram government hospitals", "text": "MALAPPURAM: An alarming rise in the number of caesarean sections in some government hospitals in Malappuram has raised doubts that doctors are unnecessarily exposing women and infants to surgical risks.Statistics reveal that 70% of childbirths recorded at a Community Health Centre (CHC) at Edappal this year was through C-sections, when the state average is only 30%. The C-section rate reported at the District Government Hospital, Tirur is 59% and the Government Taluk Hospital, Perinthalmanna 35%.The number of C-section cases reported at the Government Taluk Hospital, Nilambur and General Hospital, Manjeri are 20% and 21% respectively, which is below the state average.The data of Government Taluk Hospital, Perinthalmanna reveals that among 16 women who gave birth a day, 13 had gone under the surgical knife. The district medical officer (DMO) V Ummer Farooq said the rise in caesarean cases is alarming and the district medical authorities will examine the reason behind doctors recommending C-sections.Against this backdrop the authorities of the District Government Hospital, Tirur had issued an explanation notice to the doctors of gynaecology department. The doctors pointed out the unavailability of anaesthetists as the main reason for the increasing number of caesarean cases. \"As we have to hire anaesthetists from other hospitals, doctors are compelled to conduct more caesareans when their service is available. It is not practical to frequently call anaesthetists during emergency,\" said Tirur hospital superintendent C Muhammed.The two hospitals, where number of caesarean cases reported are below the state average, have enough number of anaesthetists.\"The posts of anaesthetists are vacant in many hospitals. But doctors should try their maximum to avoid such situations as an unnecessary C-section is dangerous and may not be affordable to many,\" he said. He also said if the primary delivery was caesarean, doctors usually recommend the same for the second delivery also to avoid risk.A special medical team headed by a senior gynaecologist, appointed by the DMO, will monitor the delivery cases and will examine the case sheets.The authorities have also decided to take strict action against gynaecologists of government hospitals who needlessly suggest C-sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16582672", "title": "IPS officer\u2019s transfer stayed", "text": "LUDHIANA: Transfer of IPS officer Swapan Sharma was cancelled on Thursday and he would continue in the office of assistance commissioner of police, north. Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh confirmed the information and said Sharma would stay in the commissionerate. On Wednesday, transfer orders of two IPS officers \u2014 Swapan Sharma and Naveen Singla \u2014 were passed. However, after getting this information, residents and traders reportedly appealed for cancellation of Sharma's transfer. They also met CM Parkash Singh Badal, who was in the city on Wednesday, regarding the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16574199", "title": "Tusshar Kapoor says no to stunt doubles", "text": "Actor Tusshar Kapoor , who is shooting up for his upcoming action film \" Shootout at Wadala\", says he is happy to do all the stunts on his own for the multi-starrer.The 35-year-old \"Kya Cool Hai Hum\" star said he took the risk even though the crew members warned him against it.\"The harnesses and all the excitement of doing such risky stunts myself did make me feel I had butterflies in my stomach, but I was so kicked about doing something like this that I just put aside all thoughts of anything going wrong.\"I just took God's name and got into it. I don't know what was going on in my head when I did it finally, but I do remember being happy when I saw the result later on the screen,\" he said in a statement.The film, which is based on Hussain Zaidi's book ' Dongri to Dubai' with the same name, also stars John Abraham , Anil Kapoor , Manoj Bajpai and Sonu Sood.\"Shootout at Wadala\" will release on May 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16581906", "title": "Conductor \u2018hangs\u2019 self inside bus in northwest Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old conductor allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself inside a bus at Netaji Subhash Place in northwest Delhi. The man, Sunil Kumar, was from Kanpur in UP. The driver alerted cops on finding Kumar hanging from the roof of the bus in the morning. Kumar was taken to a nearby hospital, where he was declared brought dead.\"The driver had left after parking the vehicle but Kumar stayed in the bus. On retuning in the morning, he saw the conductor hanging,\" a cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16582694", "title": "Most foul: 45-year-old shot dead at temple doorstep", "text": "LUDHIANA: On March 5, Satish Kumar met his end when somebody shot him dead on the footsteps of a temple in Prem Nagar near Ghumar Mandi. It's been six months since the 45-year-old's body was found but police have not got any major leads in the case.Division No. 8 SHO Ranjit Singh admitted they were struggling to find clues in the murder despite questioning a number of people. Owner of a beauty saloon in the area, Satish used to visit the temple, which was near his house, every morning. On the day of crime, two youngsters on a motorcycle rode past the shrine and fired a shot at him. As it was still early in the morning, the accused managed to flee without any hitch. After the murder, the police department constituted an investigation team under the supervision of additional deputy commissioner of police (zone 3), in which assistant commissioner of police (west) and Division No. 8 SHO were also included. Talking to TOI, ADCP (zone 3) Joginder Singh said the case had remained unsolved due to the absence of any major evidence. Belonging to Chaura Mazra village near Gharaunda of Haryana, Satish had settled here two decades ago. He had married twice and his first wife and two children live at his native place in Haryana. His second wife and son live in Ludhiana. Police said Satish had not visited his native place in a long time and was not in touch with his family there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16581435", "title": "Headmaster suspended for hurling student against wall", "text": "HYDERABAD: Villagers, students and parents staged a dharna seeking action against the headmaster of a school for allegedly banging a class VII student to a wall causing a bleeding injury on Thursday. Soon after, the district education officials ordered suspension of Phani Kumar, headmaster of Rampalli zilla parishad high school at Keesara mandal in Rangareddy district.Sources said Phani Kumar got furious when the student, Sunil Kumar (12), said that he had forgotten his homework notebook at his home in Cherlapalli. In a fit of rage, the teacher banged Sunil to the wall. In the process, the student's head hit a nail on the wall and started bleeding. A worried headmaster removed the blood-stained clothes of Sunil and called for the 108 ambulance.Uncle of the student, Venkatesh, came to the school to take his nephew to hospital. When questioned on his behaviour, Phani Kumar did not give proper repliesSoon, villagers, parents and students started shouting slogans against him. A few girl students also joined the protest saying that Phani Kumar often misbehaved with them by fondling them.Irate villagers tried to beat him up. Mandal education officer Ram Prasad, who reached the school, pacified the villagers and informed the higher-ups about the incident. The headmaster was suspended.Phani Kumar, however, refuted the allegations. \"I merely pushed the student away and did not bang him to the wall. Some people were deliberately making allegations and provoking the girl students to complain against me,\" Phani Kumar told TOI. The boy was treated at a local hospital and later discharged. No police complaint was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16581475", "title": "3-year-old abducted from Kandivli, found in Malwani", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-year-old girl, who was allegedly kidnapped from Kandivli (W), was found in Malwani in less than two hours. A medical examination confirmed that the girl was not sexually assaulted or injured.The victim, Anshika Gupta resides in Kandivli with her parents and three brothers. She went missing on Wednesday around 8pm. \"Her family approached the Kandivli cops, who alerted all police stations,\" the police said.\"Around 9.30 pm, the Malwani police informed us that the girl was found there,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "16583458", "title": "World Heart Day walkathon on Sunday", "text": "MANIPAL: Kasturba Hospital will organize a national-level walkathon 2012 on Sunday on the occasion of the World Heart Day-2012. Theme for the walkathon is 'Team up for healthy hearts'.The event is also organized as part of the social objective of the hospital and is aimed at creating awareness among people especially among women about the alarming rate of cardiac diseases.Kota Srinivas Poojary, Udupi district in-charge minister, will flag off the walkathon from Manipal University and it will end at the same place covering DC office complex and End Point.The hospital will also launch Hrudaya Spandana - Manipal Heart Club on the same day at 9.30am. Raghupathi Bhat, Udupi MLA will unveil the plaque and Pramod Madwaraj, industrialist, will release the first membership card of Manipal Hrudaya Spandana. Katapady Shankar Poojari, president, Udupi zilla panchayath and SA Prabhakar Sharma, chief executive officer, Udupi zilla panchayath will be the guests of honour.In all, 200 patients who have undergone cardiology procedure in Kasturba Hospital and 100 from public who participate in the walkathon 2012 will be made members of Hrudaya Spandana.They can avail free echo screening facility and will be entitled to Manipal Arogya card membership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-28"}
