{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16746953", "title": "Manimala Devi battles penury and disease", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Yesteryear tragedy queen of Odia cinema is fighting a forlorn battle in the autumn of her life. Considered an epitome of acting and an unblemished beauty in her heydays, 86-year-old Manimala Devi is battling her life in the intensive care unit of a private hospital since the past 10 days, suffering from multiple complications of partial paralysis, diabetes, high blood pressure and heart disease.Manimala has been leading a frugal life since the past few decades but neither the government nor the film fraternity has come forward to help her in her hour of need. The only earning member in the veteran actress' household is her son Shankar Ghose, who draws a paltry pay by playing tabla in musical programmes.\"I am a tabla player and don't have a secured source of income. I have spent over Rs 1.5 lakh on the treatment of my mother in the past 10 days as she is under critical care. I have applied for government help but no one has come forward. We are finding it difficult to make ends meet,\" said Shankar.\"She suffered a brain hemorrhage in 1989, following which she has been bedridden. She is under critical care now but she is alert and is responding to treatment. Earlier she has recovered from three such strokes and we are hopeful she will overcome this stroke as well but old age itself has so many problems,\" said Dr Niraj Mishra, her physician.She has acted in 30 feature films and over 100 plays, of which14 films have bagged the national award, including her debut film 'Sri Loknath'.Though the state government awarded Manimala with the prestigious Jayadev award in 2000, it stopped giving the artiste's pension to her from 1984.\"Even after several applications we have not received much help for her treatment from the government. This is the kind of respect the state government has for veteran actors like her,\" Shankar rued.\"The state government has a corpus fund for artistes, which provides financial help to veteran and ailing artistes. But the funds have been reducing with time. We have been requesting corporate houses to donate for the fund so that such talented people are benefitted when they need it most,\" said Dillip Hali, secretary of Odisha Cine Critics' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745623", "title": "Govt fixes fee structure of MBA, MCA colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government on Tuesday decided on the fee structure for MBA and MCA colleges in the state.While the fee for 710 MBA and 373 MCA colleges were fixed at Rs 27,000 per annum, the government order (GO) issued stated that several other colleges were given the nod to charge fee based on the facilities offered to students.As many as 48 MBA colleges were allowed to charge between Rs 46,300 to Rs 71, 200 per annum as fee. Among MCA colleges, 49 were allowed to charge between Rs 43,400 to Rs 88,000 annually.The fee structure would vary based on the results of the task force inspections of the facilities provided in each of the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745590", "title": "Police custody for parcel bomb prime accused", "text": "KOLKATA: The key accused in the parcel bomb blast case, Debashis De, was produced in the court of CJM Howrah on Tuesday and was remanded in police custody till October 20. He was arrested from Ratnagiri in Maharashtra.The court remanded him police custody till October 20.Bulbul Halder, who was arrested on Monday from Baltikuri in Dasnagar, was also produced before the CJM. He, too, was remanded in police custody till October 20. Halder had made the bomb which killed journalist Chaitali Santra on September 26 at her Baksara home. Police said that the motive of De's involvement in the murder was submitted to the court. and following which the court allowed De's custody. De was earlier arrested in a 498A case for torturing his wife and was remanded in jail. At that time, Chaitali helped his wife, which led to the arrest of De. In order to take revenge, he had planned the murder of Chaitali. Police said that during his jail term, De had met Subhankar Das and hired him later for killing Chaitali. He also promised to pay Rs 2 lakh to Das. Das was also arrested last week. Das had hired Abhishek Roy and Biswajit Maji, along with Halder, and all of them are in custody now.Police are now probing if there was monetary transaction between De and another accused Subhankar Das. Their accounts are being scanned. Police said Das went to Maharashtra to meet De. The call lists of their mobiles were also being scanned.Deputy director of public prosecution at Howrah CJM court, Payel Ghosh Banerjee said Das and Halder were booked for murder, conspiracy, along with charges under the Explosives Act. Ajey Ranade, Howrah police commissioner, said they will reconstruct the murder scene and take De to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16748369", "title": "I sold homes to pay off loans: Sanjay Gupta", "text": "Sanjay Gupta gets talking about the so called 'friends' who left him in the lurch and the two women who helped him get back on his feetCourt cases, controversies and an accusation of having siphoned crores - how have these experiences affected your life?At the end of the day, the truth was bound to come out. There was so much mud being hurled at me. I saw no point in defending myself. I've now finished my film. And I've realised my world revolves around my son and the two women in my life.One must be your wife Anu. Who's the other?Ekta Kapoor. She has been a pillar of strength. When all my so-called friends walked out on me, she walked in, despite warnings from her friends. I worked hard on Shoot out At Wadala .I owed Ekta and Anu a good film. I've never felt so calm and settled. The day I held my son in my arms, I realised what I valued the most. Every morning when I see him, I feel my life is worth living. I am beyond caring about the people who attack me.What are the lessons you've learnt in the past few years?You need to know who your friends are. And you need to work for at least a year on scripting. Earlier I didn't care. And it showed in my work. After I wrote my script, getting the actors was apiece of cake.So why were you making Hollywood ripoffs earlier? Laziness?I wasn't being lazy. I had to make my films with a star. Maybe a Karan Johar can make a film without a star because he is the star of his projects. But I needed star support. And we all know who's the star I made most of my films with.SanjayDutt?Yes , I stuck to one star, and that star only agreed to do my films when I offered him Hollywood remakes. I made a film without him called Hamesha with Saif Ali Khan and Kajol . That was hundred per cent original. My stories in Dus Kahaniyan were original. When I started out in 1991 everyone was remaking foreign films. Nakal ke liye bhi akal chahiye.You've almost wrapped up the shooting of Shootout At Wadala. How does it feel? There are only three item songs to be shot. One of them is a Mujra and the other is a new version of the Ganpat song from Shootout At Lokhandawala. We're looking for an A-lister actress doing a Chikni chameli kind of number. I've left the decision to Ekta.Do you foresee a battle with the censors?The gangsters in my film give a lot of gaalis. But they don't abuse for effect. Anil Kapoor who plays Isaque Bagwan has not uttered a single expletive. This, despite the fact cops abuse so much in real life.The courts have quashed the case regarding your mock-invitations sent out to the media from the police commissioner's office?It had to be sorted out. The whole objection by the Mumbai police to what was primarily a joke, was ridiculous.They had an investigation van parked in front of my house for three days, as though I was Charles Sobhraj .Atthatpointoftime,therewere 200 unsolved murder cases in Mumbai. And they still had time for this.How about the crores that you had allegedly siphoned off from your partnership with Sanjay Dutt ?I gave it all away to charity (laughs). Jokes aside, I've seen some tough times. I've sold two of my homes to pay off loans. Today I am debt-free. My regret is that I had bought a house in Goa for my wife and it had to be sold to pay my debts.Your closing thoughts?It's been a hard journey so far.But the real battle begins now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16745187", "title": "KMCH doctors to resume OP duty at mental health centre", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A high-level meeting chaired by health minister V S Sivakumar recently decided to repeal the health department's decision which stopped the doctors of the psychiatry department of the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH) from visiting Kuthiravattom Mental Health Centre to conduct two OP duties weekly. The meeting decided to again entrust doctors from the KMCH to conduct one OP duty per week at the mental health centre. The health department will soon issue a government order in this regard.The doctors from the psychiatry department had conducted OP duty on every Tuesdays and Fridays at the mental health centre till 2009. This was stalled in 2009 citing the burden on doctors at the medical college.Dr D Raju, secretary, Kerala State Mental Health Authority (KSMHA) said the earlier taken decision was quashed considering the shortage of doctors at the mental health centre. \"We have also received letter from monitoring committee headed by district judge P Ubaid citing the need to appointing more doctors to provide better facilities for the mental health centre inmates. The doctors, with the help of students pursuing post graduation in psychiatry at the KMCH will conduct the OP from 8am to 8pm and 8pm to 8am on shift basis. They should also handle the hospital duty on the day of OP,\" he ssaid.According to the mental health centre authorities, it has only six psychiatrists and four medical officers to attend 582 inmates. Apart from this, it also has one superintendent and a deputy superintendent to carry out the administration and 80 nursing assistants.Welcoming the decision, Dr E Mukundan, superintendent, Kuthiravattom Mental Health Centre, said we have not received an official communication about the rearrangement of duties. \"We will get one more unit of doctors with the resumption of OP duty of doctors from the KMCH. It will ease the existing burden put on the shoulders of psychiatrists here and they would be able to give more attention to the inmates,\" he said.He said the centre has already submitted a memorandum to the state government requesting the revival of the staff pattern to meet the growing demands of patients. \"We need an additional 15 to 20 psychiatrists to give best service to the inmates,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16745700", "title": "US presidential poll: In a first, Mitt Romney races past Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: For the first time since the race to the White House began, Republican challenger Mitt Romney has powered ahead of President Barack Obama in at least one poll, conducted after the first presidential debate.After showing Obama with an 8-point lead in September, a Pew Research Center poll released on Tuesday finds a deadlocked presidential race among registered voters, and a 4-point Romney lead (49%-45%) among those most likely to vote.A separate Washington Times/Zogby poll shows Romney has closed a 9 percentage-point gap with Obama and is now tied with the president.The two polls have jolted the Obama camp and the president's supporters, who knew straightaway last week that he had turned in a poor performance in the first presidential debate in Denver. But just how bad it was is becoming clear only now.Likely voters who watched the debate overwhelmingly (65%-14%) scored it for Romney. It was even worse for the president among independent voters - only 8% said he triumphed.The Pew survey showed that post-Debate, Romney's personal image has improved significantly, hitting 50% among registered voters for the first time and rising five points since September. Obama's personal favourability rating has fallen from 55% to 49%. More startling for the Obama camp is that Romney is gaining ground among women, who are now evenly divided (47%-47%) compared to last month when they leaned 56%-38% in favour of Obama.It is clear that the disastrous performance in the debate has changed the mood and tempo although how much it will alter voting intention is hard to say.Voters picked Romney by a 47%-40% margin as the candidate who has new ideas, while Obama continued to hold leads as the candidate who connects well with ordinary people and takes consistent positions on issues. Also, Obama leads by 10 points (49%-39%) as the candidate who takes more moderate positions on issues.With four weeks to go before Election Day, no one is writing off Obama or writing in Romney to the White House. But Obama partisans are going ballistic, screaming at their hero to get his act together for the second debate on October 16 and hoping that his vice-president Joe Biden , who debates Romney's deputy Paul Ryan on Thursday, retrieves some ground. There are also calls to deploy Bill Clinton to an even greater extent to salvage the situation.Newsbeast analyst Andrew Sullivan , an unabashed Obama partisan said, \"On every single issue, Obama has instantly plummeted into near-oblivion...on the core issues of the economy and the deficit, Romney is now kicking the president's ass.\"Obama himself appears unperturbed. At a fundraiser in San Francisco on Monday, he obliquely addressed some supporters who think he might be too dispassionate or disinterested in the election, saying, \"I very much intend to win this election.\" But he acknowledged that it is going to be tough race, saying, \"we're only going to do it if everybody is almost obsessive for the next 29 days\". His supporters are hoping he will lead the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16749599", "title": "Swaati releases Astray", "text": "Astray is an emotionally moving song, under the genre of soulful Indie/pop.Lyrical and emotive the song reflects feelings of loss, hope and faith. The music and vocal dynamics demonstrate emotions of frustration and resolution. The song is about how you feel lost when you loose your sense of inner spirit and explores the journey back to completion.Swaati is a singer song-writer whose ephemeral melodies and strong performance reveals a strong sense of vulnerability and authenticity and has attracted writing, performance and production collaborations from some of the scenes finest and emerging talent.Swaati's musical style is inspired by artists and bands such as Sia, Angus &amp; Julia Stone &amp; Alanis Morisette and pursues her music in both English pop and Indie genres, as well as bringing her own unique perspective to Northern Indian classical folk music sung in her native Gujarati.Swaati releases Astray as a precursor to the work she is doing with various producers (including D-Boy) for her forthcoming releases in 2013.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16745430", "title": "Mangalore civic body to streamline disposal of organic waste now", "text": "MANGALORE: In a move to streamline segregation of waste at source, the Mangalore City Corporation will float separate tenders to collect waste from various eateries. The 1,555 eateries - licensed hotels, canteens, juice centres, fast-food counters and bars and restaurants as well as 590 stalls - non-vegetarian stalls and shops produce over 30 tonnes of organic waste daily.A major hazard of not segregating this waste at source is that it attracts scavenging animals at the landfill site at Pachchanady. The new arrangement will also use radio frequency identification devices (RFID) to monitor collection of waste using trucks fitted with GPS equipment, MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar told TOI.Vegetarian and non-vegetarian waste will be collected separately and a user fee levied on owners of eateries and stalls. The civic body, following a recent meeting with owners, assured them it would revert with the proposed user fee. Harish Kumar said the MCC intends to use at least nine vehicles exclusively to collect waste generated from these places and three would exclusively for non-vegetarian waste.Veg waste will be converted into manureThe vegetarian waste collected in Mangalore will be routed to MCC's vermicomposting plant at Pachchanady, the seven tonnes of non-vegetarian waste may be handed over to a private company from Maharashtra which plans to extract fat and oil from it. \"We intend to lease out land near the landfill to the company for up to five years,\" MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar told TOI.Vegetable waste from two wards of Mannagudda area will be used locally at the biogas plant there, he said. Similar waste from other wards will land up at the vermicomposting plant with a capacity to process 25 tonnes of waste. The waste collection will be on a no-loss no-profit basis and is in addition to the solid waste management collection the civic body does daily across 60 wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747391", "title": "Even Gandharv marriage legal if a child is born: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench has ruled that even Gandharv form of marriage could be legal one if a child is born to the couple. The court, while setting aside Family Court's order that marriage was not proved between a farmer and his petitioner wife, asked the man to pay maintenance of Rs1,500 per month from June 2007 to her for entering into matrimony and subsequently cohabitating with for well over five years.\"The husband can't be allowed to say that only for the purpose of having a son, he had kept relations with the present applicant by performing marriage in Gandharv form and he is treating his son only as a legitimate issue,\" a single-judge bench of Justice TV Nalawade ruled. \"The evidence of husband or the circumstance that he had first wife living, is of no help to the husband in view of the peculiar circumstances of the case,\" he added.According to Gauri Deshmukh, she had tied knot with Mangesh about eight years back as per Hindu rites and customs and had a son from him. After a couple of years, Mangesh allegedly started ill-treating Gauri and also forced her to bring Rs50,000 from her brother. She was later driven out of home as her brother failed to pay the amount. She lodged a police complaint and filed a case under Section 125 of CrPC for getting monthly maintenance from Mangesh in the Family Court. However it was dismissed as she failed to prove her relationship.She then filed a revision petition in the high court contending that her husband had failed to provide her maintenance and she was unable to survive on her own. She claimed that her in-laws owned 35 acres of irrigated land and Mangesh's annual income was over Rs50 lakh and demanded maintenance of Rs5,000 per month from him. Mangesh denied marrying Gauri with Hindu rituals and any relationship with her. He contended that he already had a wife but since he couldn't get any issue from her, he entered into a wedlock with Gauri in Gandharv style.While declining to provide her maintenance, Mangesh argued that Gauri was a vegetable vendor with sufficient income. He added that though he possessed agriculture land, he was not generating sufficient income to provide her maintenance. \"Admittedly, there was cohabitation of more than five years and a son is born out of this wedlock. The husband is not denying the paternity of the child and on the contrary, he wants to treat him as a legitimate child. In view of these circumstances, this court holds that the wife has given sufficient evidence for proof of marriage for the purpose of proceeding under Section 125 of CrPC,\" Justice Nalawade ruled and also imposed a cost of Rs1,000 on husband.(Names of litigants changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745765", "title": "Man dies of \u2018unknown\u2019 fever", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old man died of viral fever at Stanley Medical College and Hospital on Tuesday. While doctors initially said Sathya of Madhavaram died of hemorrhagic shock caused by dengue, they later said the death was caused by an unknown fever. \"He didn't test positive for dengue. It looks like a viral fever,\" said a doctor in the emergency ward. An official in the Chennai Corporation's health department said, \"We don't know what fever it was. He was brought very late to the hospital.\" Doctors say many hospitals in the city are already crowded with hundreds of patients with severe viral infections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "saccha khera(jind)", "code": "16745941", "title": "Sonia visits rape victim\u2019s family in Jind, calls for strong action against accused", "text": "SACCHA KHERA(JIND): Amid unrest over growing crimes against women in Haryana, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi visited the family of the minor who committed suicide after being gang raped in her village.Sonia, who met the poor dalit family, said, \"I strongly condemn such barbaric incidents of crime against women and the perpetrators of such acts should be given severest punishment.\"The visit -- with Sonia meeting the family in the morning flanked by dalit faces, Union minister Selja and local MP Ashok Tanwar, and later calling CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda to 10, Janpath on return -- was interpreted as the leadership piling pressure on the state government over a spike in rapes where victims are dalits. It appeared particularly rattled by the local party unit's attempt to call the rapes part of \"opposition conspiracy\".A senior leader summed up the visit by saying, \"The very fact that Congress chief chose to visit the victim's family is a message to the local administration. All is not well.\"Sonia also slammed the khap panchayats for behaving like kangaroo courts. \"We have a democratic system with judiciary as one of the pillars. The law rests with the judiciary and not with anybody else,\" she said when asked about statements from khap leaders that marriageable age of girls be lowered to 16 years to bring down rapes.The upfront remark was seen as an indictment of the Hooda regime, perceived to be soft on khaps to the point of letting it influence the police process.However, Sonia shielded Hooda from any calls of ouster by saying, \"I know such incidents have been increasing not only in Haryana but in other states also. We need to work on this to stop occurrence of such incidents.\"The swirling storm over crime against women, where victims are dalits, has jolted the Congress that it could severely undercut its 'pro-dalit' credentials, a fact reinforced by BSP chief Mayawati referring to the Jind rape in her speech at a Lucknow rally to target the Congress.Even chairman of National Commission for SCs and Congress MP P L Punia said Haryana was turning into a \"rape state\".Eager to correct the perception, the Haryana government has written to the high court that it constitute fast-track courts to try rape cases.The visit recalled Rahul Gandhi's trip to Hisar in 2010 after the Mirchpur riots where dalits faced violence from the dominant Jat community. Local leaders, however, pointed out that in many rape cases like Jind, the accused were also dalits.A senior leader said Sonia's visit would help push the administration to take crime against women and dalits with more seriousness. \"It has sent a message that the party expects the government to take deterrent action to curb this menace,\" the leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746222", "title": "Navaratra fest to start on October 16", "text": "PUNE: Bollywood actor Helen will inaugurate the nine-day Pune Navaratra Mahotsav, a cultural extravaganza held during Navaratra, on October 16. State chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, Congress state unit chief Manikrao Thakre, state cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil and mayor Vaishali Bankar will also attend the inaugural function.All the programmes during the festival, which is being organised in the city for the last 17 years, will be held at Ganesh Kala Krida Rangmanch.Addressing a news conference here on Tuesday, Congress leader Aba Bagul said, \"A non-stop 12-hour lavani performance by seven lavani performers on October 20 will be the main attraction of the festival.\"This year, the organisers will present the Laxmimata Kala Sanskruti awards to music directors Ajay-Atul , senior journalist Madhukar Bhave, social activist Satish Desai, theatre actor Chetan Dalvi and lavani performer Reshma Musale.Bagul said that the popular Marathi play, 'Pati Sagale Uchapati', will be staged on October 16.The festival will also feature Hindi film music - Duttaprasad Ranade will present famous ghazals on October 18 and Jitendra Bhuruk's 'Asha Ke Rang' programme on October 19 will present songs of Asha Bhosale.He added, \"Hridaynath Mangeshkar and Radha Mangeshkar will perform on October 21. A special programme 'Music India' on 100 years of Indian music will be held on October 22. Ajay Rane's group will present Hindi songs on October 23, followed by an orchestra on October 24.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16747659", "title": "Two more held in minor's rape case", "text": "MARGAO: Margao police arrested a taxi driver Shaukat Shaikh, 28, of Nerul Bardez and a tourist guide Mukesh, alias Ramesh Srivastava, 32, of Bihar and currently residing at Shankarwaddi, Taleigao on Tuesday in connection with the rape of the minor girl.\"We have arrested Shaikh for luring the 15-year-old minor girl from Margao and keeping her in his house without having any blood relationship with her and sexually assaulting her, and Srivastava for molesting the girl,\" DySP Mohan Naik said.On Monday, two others-Wassim Kalaigar and Raghavendra Pujari-had been arrested in the same case.Naik said that according to the complaint, on September 26 Shaikh lured the girl and kept her in his house and further had sexual intercourse with her in Porvorim.From P1Naik said Shaikh also handed the girl over to Srivastava who molested her.Giving details of the case Naik said Shaikh kept the girl in his house till October 6, after which he took her to Margao and left her at the KTC bus stand. Here Kalaigar saw the girl and took her to the ice cream parlour owned by Pujari, where he had sexual intercourse with the girl.The girl was then left at KTC bus stand, Margao, where she took a bus to Panaji and was brought to Margao by a family in their car and was dropped at her residence, Naik said.Margao police added that during the course of investigation, they worked out the locations of Shaikh and Srivastava and apprehended them and brought them to the police station. \"All the accused have been produced for medical examination at GMC and for remand in police custody,\" Naik said.Sources added that Shaikh is believed to have taken the girl to a hotel at Porvorim on September 26 where she was given dinner and then he sexually assaulted her in his vehicle before proceeding to the house in Panaji. The minor girl had reached Panaji late on September 26 and was searching for her father who was working in a hotel in Panaji. Shaikh lured the girl on the pretext of offering her a lift to the hotel where her father was working.Sources said police are investigating the role of a lady staying at the house where the victim was forcibly kept from September 26 till October 6. The lady is known to Shaikh and he called her when he was in Porvorim with the minor girl telling the lady that the girl would be staying at the Panaji house for several days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16747031", "title": "Archeological Survey of India removes weak plaster from Puri temple pinnacle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The archeological survey of India (ASI) on Tuesday peeled off weak lime coats from the pinnacle of the Jagannath temple in Puri two days after a large chunk of plaster came crashing down, injuring a priest. \"We have removed some lime plasters around the affected site. Scaffolding would be built soon to start the repair work,\" said ASI conservator Chitta Das. ASI experts could not build the scaffolding due to rains on Tuesday.The custodian of the 12th century shrine is at the receiving end of criticism after the one-kg plaster tumbled from an arch stone (dadhinauti) of the shrine on Sunday evening. Priest Debi Prasad Panda was injured in the mishap.The temple has witnessed a spurt in incidents relating to stone fall in the past few years. While a one tonne stone fell on November 1, 2011, a five tonne stone slab came crashing down from a structure (Amlabedha) of the temple during heavy rains on June 14, 1990. Two heavy slabs fell right into the sanctum sanctorum on August 13, 1992, creating a flutter in the state. A 15-kg rock rolled down from the main temple on October 26, 1998 and fell near the Bimla temple within the periphery of Jagannath temple complex. The mishaps did not claim any life.Last year, chief minister Naveen Patnaik had drawn the attention of former union tourism minister and also ASI top honchos about the poor show of ASI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745775", "title": "Mentally ill man goes missing from hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: A mentally ill man is reportedly missing from the Institute of Mental Health in Kilpauk for more than a week.John Peter, 26, from Ayanavaram had been admitted to the hospital on July 25. His mother came to see him last week and found him missing form his ward. She lodged a complaint with the Secretariat Colony police after first searching for him at the houses of relatives.Peter's family said he had been undergoing regular treatment at IMH since 1998 and was admitted as an in-patient in July. \"We used to visit the hospital every month and admitted him two months ago. There has been no proper response from the police after we lodged a complaint,\" one of Peter's family members said. He alleged that there was no proper security on the premises. IMH officials were not available for comment.On April 2, according to police records, 26-year-old Sundarajan D of Porur scaled a wall at the IMH and tried to escape when he was knocked down by a lorry on Konnur High Road, a kilometre from the hospital. He had been admitted to the hospital on December 10, 2011, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745820", "title": "Former DMK minister booked for land-grab", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Crime Branch (CCB) police on Tuesday registered a case against former DMK minister Parithi Ilamvazhuthi, his personal assistant T Gagarin and 14 others, charging them with cheating and criminal intimidation. Police filed the case on a complaint of land-grabbing filed by a businessman from Villivakkam.Ranga Reddy, a businessman and member of Dharma Thoppu Trust, alleged that Ilamvazhuthi and his aides had forged documents to take over a seven-acre property in Villivakkam owned by the trust. An investigating officer said the current market value of the land is around Rs 200 crore.The CCB filed a case against Ilamvazhuthi and his associates under various sections of the IPC including 420 (cheating), 465 (punishment for forgery), 467 (forgery of valuable security and will) and 506 (i) (punishment for criminal intimidation). Parithi is accused number seven in the case. His assistant, Gagarin, has been named accused number six.When police delayed registering an FIR against the former minister, Reddy had approached the Madras high court with a petition seeking that the police be directed to file a case against Ilamvazhuthi.\"We will check the documents submitted by the complainant and will pursue the case based on the evidence we have,\" an officer said.In a complaint lodged on August 1, Reddy alleged that Gagarin had in 2001 forged documents relating to seven acres and 46 cents of land in Villivakkam. He said Gagarin, Ilamvazhuthi and others sold the land to Doshi Builders for 5.35 crore.He alleged that Ilamvazhuthi's aides told him that the property was meant for former deputy chief minister M K Stalin's son Udhayanidhi Stalin who was linked to Doshi Builders.In reply to an RTI plea by Reddy, the registrar's office said no land deed had been issued for the property.The complaint was lodged on a day when the DMK staged statewide protests accusing the AIADMK government of foisting false cases of land-grabbing against partymen.A day after Reddy filed the complaint, DMK legal wing secretary Alandur Bharathi lodged a complaint demanding action against him for filing a false complaint against the former minister. He also slapped a legal notice on Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746324", "title": "Water supply cuts in parts of Pune on Thursday", "text": "PUNE: Most parts of the city will get no water on Thursday as the Pune Municipal Corporation plans to carry out electrical and mechanical repairs at the Parvati, Cantonment, Wadgaon and SNDT water works. Water supply will be resumed late on Friday morning with low pressure.The areas which will be affected are:Warje/SNDT water works: Bhusari Colony, Shastrinagar, Bavdhan, Bhugaon Road, Sus Road, Baner, Balewadi, Pashan, Warje highway, Karve Road, Erandwane, Deccan, Jaibhavaninagar, Sutardara, Dahanukar Colony, Gandhibhavan, Mahatma Society, Warje, Model Colony, Law College Road, Gokhalenagar, Bhosalenagar, Aundh, Bopodi and Khadki.Wadgaon water works: Sinhagad Road, Hingne, Wadgaon, Dhayari, Dhankawdi, Katraj, Aanandnagar, Ambegaon Pathar, Santoshnagar, Kondhwa Budruk and Dattanagar.Parvati water works: All the 'Peth' areas, Dattawadi, Rajendranagar, Lokmanyanagar, Deccan, Shivajinagar, Swargate, Parvati Darshan, Mukundnagar, Parvati village, Sahakarnagar, Satara Road, Bibvewadi, Taljai, Katraj, Dhankawdi and Indiranagar.Cantonment water works: Pune Cantonment, Pune Station, Koregaon Park, Tadiwala Road, Race Course, Kondhwa, Hadapsar, Mundhwa, Yerawada, Vishrantwadi, Kalyaninagar, Wadagaon Sheri, Chandannagar, Solapur Road, Gondhalenagar &amp; Satavwadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kota", "code": "16746602", "title": "Coaching centre plans national talent hunt", "text": "KOTA: Resonance, a premier educational institute of the country, has announced a nation-wide academic talent search test called Scholarship &amp; Talent Reward Test (STaRT), 2013.Students from Class V to XII (all streams in Class XI &amp; XII) can participate in this competition. STaRT- 2013 will be a two-stage test. Stage-1 will be conducted in offline &amp; online mode. Stage-1 offline test will be conducted in schools &amp; at 65 Resonance Test Centres spread across the country while the online test will be conducted on www.resostart.in which is the official website of STaRT-2013. Stage-2 of the test will be conducted in offline mode only. It will be conducted at 65 Resonance Test Centres for the shortlisted students from Stage-1. STaRT-2013 is also loaded with excellent prizes &amp; awards to the winning students, the organizers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16747204", "title": "Bridging the gap: Girder to connect metro dream", "text": "KOCHI: The North railway over-bridge (ROB) will be closed to traffic on Wednesday as Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will place the first steel girder at the site. Traffic police said that vehicles won't be allowed on the bridge after 10.30 pm to facilitate construction work.The metro agency has constructed two steel girders for the metro project. The 45 tonne-girder will be placed over the railways tracks with the help of technically-equipped cranes. Each steel girder is 34 metres long and 2.75 metres wide. DMRC has stated that they would ensure the safety of their employees while placing the girder.It is learnt that Southern Railway (SR) has already sanctioned the work an it is expected to begin after midnight Railways has agreed to provide a tim slot of one-and-a-hours from 1 am, taking into account the fewer number of train passing through the region. However, both DMRC and SR refused to make a formal statement.\"DMRC will need two days to complete the work. It will be difficult to block trains for a longer period. We are discussing the matter with railways,\" said DMRC's spokesperson. Train traffic would be disrupted on October 13 to place the second girder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745089", "title": "Greater Cochin Development Authority\u2019s underground exhibition centre fails to attract architects", "text": "KOCHI: Greater Cochin Development Authority's (GCDA) move to rope in established architects to design the proposed underground exhibition centre has fallen flat with only a few architects expressing interest in the project. Though the committee constituted by GCDA, to scrutinize and select a design for the project, was displeased with the lukewarm response, the authority is planning another round of advertisements.After holding a discussion with the committee on Tuesday, GCDA chairman N Venugopal said, \"We have received designs from five experts. The committee stated that it is not possible to choose one from such limited options and a decision would be made after viewing more designs,\" he said. With the intention of garnering more designs, GCDA is considering extra advertisements.The proposed exhibition centre will be constructed at the 12-acre plot adjoining the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium. The state-of-the-art centre will have a built-up space of 1.5 lakh square feet. The project cost is pegged at Rs 90 crore.Talking about the dolphinarium project Venugopal said that experts, who had set up dolphin parks in the Middle East, would arrive in Kochi on October 18 and conduct a study.Later, they will submit a report to GCDA. When asked about the cable car project, he said that exerts from the United Kingdom had recently visited the site. \"We are yet to take a final decision as the project has to be discussed before the executive committee,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "16745564", "title": "Speed up projects, CM tells Partha", "text": "Haldia: Leaving a clear indication that she isn't happy at the pace of industrialization in the state, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday used an open forum to direct industry minister Partha Chatterjee to speed up the process and ensure that no time is lost in formalities.Speaking at Haldia - against the backdrop of the continuing stalemate at the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) over ABG-LDA's Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd laying off 275 workers - Mamata also directed Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikari to ensure that \"Haldia remains calm and quite\".The chief minister, however, didn't show a new roadmap to break away from the the gloomy industrialization climate in the state, reiterating that industries were free to buy the required land but the government would help them in everything else.Reacting for the first time over the continued impasse at HDC, the chief minister claimed that a group which has considerable \"interests\" in media is behind the spate of \"rumours\" to malign the state government and industry. \"This is a blackmailing tactic which can't dent Bengal's image,\" she said.Mamata also pointed out that the rumours haven't deterred Pointing this hasn't stopped fresh investments from pouring in the state (earlier, Chatterjee had indicated a possible investment of Rs 50,000 crore in Haldia and East Midnapore alone), she emphasised to her industry minister to ensure time isn't lost. She said, \"Everything is working fine at Haldia port.\"The CM, however, did not forget to remind the industry that the \"working class\" is an asset and they should be taken into confidence. \"If you have any problem, catch Partha, catch Subhendu and if you want to reach me, do that. (Catch me if you can, she said) or send me an SMS,\" Mamata said.On Tuesday, Mamata inaugurated the second PET resin plant of Dhunseri Petrochem and Tea and a logistics park set up by the Apeejay Group in Haldia and urged entrepreneurs to consider cultivation of sunflower in the state with the help of local farmers. The second PET resin plant had been set up at a cost of Rs 400 crore and makes the group the largest such producer in the country. while the investment in the logistics hub was Rs 200 crore.She also inaugurated JVL Agro's new edible oil plant at Haldia - its first investment in eastern India.She also spoke of the Centre's double standards over the proposed eco-tourism hub in Nayachar. \"When the earlier government proposed a chemical hub, the Centre allowed it. The logic of environmental degradation didn't apply then. We have proposed to set up an eco-tourism hub, yet they are opposing it. But I would still ask my industry minister to wait for none. Time is precious and it should not be lost.Timing is a crucial factor for industrialization. Start work on whatever land you have.Leave that 5,000 acres (for which the Centre has withheld clearance), start work on the remaining land that is there with you,\" she said on Tuesday.Mamata emphasized her government has reduced the time required for getting necessary clearances and said the government is keen to usher in a more transparent and speedy system.Chatterjee also came down heavily on \"certain\" self-interested groups, who are behind the \"rumours\" and aimed to bring a bad name to the state through the \"rumours\".\"There is nearly Rs 50,000 crore worth of investments lined up - have of it in Nayacharalone were the work will start soon. Haldia will soon have its own IT hub and industrial hub. This is a people's government and whatever we do is aimed at their interests. But there are some people who obviously don't want it,\" he said.Subhendu said, \"The 600MW CESC plant will be operational by 2014. The Haldia Development Authority (of which he is the chairperson) is trying to develop the infrastructure on a war footing. You've seen the roads being renovated, we are also developing the sewerage system. The pollution index is low now and will be brought down further.\"Mamata inaugurated the second PET resin plant of Dhunseri Petrochem &amp; Tea and a logistics park set up by Apeejay Group here and urged entrepreneurs to consider cultivation of sunflower in the state with the help of local farmers. The second PET resin plant had been set up at a cost of Rs 400 crore and makes the group the largest such producer in the country while the investment in the logistics hub was Rs 200 crore. She also inaugurated JVL Agro's new edible oil plant at Haldia - its first investment in eastern India.(Inputs by Suman Mondal)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16745483", "title": "Deer knocked down by vehicle", "text": "MYSORE: A female spotted deer was knocked down by a speeding four-wheeler near Jungle Lodges and Resorts at Melukamanahalli recently.According to Bandipur Tiger Reserve director Kumar Pushkar, the driver of the vehicle, Mohammed Kamal, a native of Uttar Pradesh, was arrested minutes after the incident near Gundlupet by forest department officials. The incident took place on October 5.A case has been registered. Mohammed Kamal was produced before a court, which remanded him to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746030", "title": "State gets HC rap for applying Foreigners\u2019 Act in case of \u2018Indian\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday rapped the state for applying the Foreigners Act to a Pakistani national while claiming that he is an Indian.A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sadhana Jadhav was hearing a petition by Wadala resident Siraj Khan who entered India at the age of nine. He has urged for a directive to be deported to his home in Manshera in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir. The judges observed that after the chargesheet was filed against Khan, the state government had made a statement that POK is part of India. \"Do you want to contend that he is an Indian citizen? Look at the situation that emerges because earlier you made a statement that POK is a part of India. If this statement is accepted, then why have you prosecuted him under the Foreigners Act? The prosecution must go,'' said Justice Oka. The judges also noted from the petition that Khan was sent to a remand home in Ahmedabad and asked the police to verify it. The case will be heard on October 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746762", "title": "\u2018Youth have power, but lack direction\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: Balasaheb Darade, the 28-year-old entrepreneur who was felicitated by the whistle blower in the irrigation department of the state Vijay Pandhare on Tuesday, said the Indian youth had the power but lacked direction. He was delivering a lecture to students of the Master of Social Work (MSW) course at Institute of Management Research and Technology (IMRT) College.Darade, a post-graduate engineer who gave up a lucrative career in the US to work on rural development projects in India, said he was inspired by Anna Hazare and Arvind Kejriwal. When asked about their fall-out, he said he believed more in ideologies than ideals. \"A conscious citizen can work better than the government in a democracy. Forget how many politicians won the election with the power of money and focus on those who won without it. I have made a list of 150 societies in Nashik who provided mikes, stages and other things for free. Let us pledge today that we will not accept money. Let us form a group of positive people. Change is happening, it is about whether you want to be a part of it. Let us also pledge that in the next election, we will take at least ten new voters with us and elect good leaders irrespective of caste and religion,\" said Darade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16747152", "title": "Health matters take centre stage", "text": "Lesson on healthy eatingDPS, Chandigarh, organized a talk on healthy eating habits for the students in an endeavor to make them realize the importance of nutrition. Reema Bhatia, a dietician at GMCH-32 was invited to deliver the talk. The children were made aware of eating a balanced diet in a fun-filled way. She emphasized the need of taking proper breakfast as it acts as a perfect fuel to start the day. She also stressed that healthy eating habits are associated with both classroom behaviour and improved concentration.Kids get creative for exhibitionWoodlands House School, Sector 8, Panchkula, organized their annual display of children's creative items, including art, painting, experiments and craft work. The theme of the exhibition was \"All about me\" and students of pre-nursery classes had put up mysterious jungle, Eden garden, favorites fairy tales, fruits and vegetables bonanza flowers, dolls, birds, fruits made by clay, paper paints, stone.National Aero Modellers' MeetSaupin's School, Chandigarh, proved its mettle as it was the only school in the Tricity that participated in the National Aero Modellers Meet held at Pinjore Flying Club. A team of 40 children along with their mentor Siddharth Vaishnav displayed a working model of a radio controlled aeroplane. It was a great learning experience for the students as they were overwhelmed to witness the dazzling dare events and a wide range of aircrafts.Workshop helps kids understand themselvesDreaming Child Production organized a week-long workshop in the Guru Nanak Foundation School, Kharar, with a purpose to let children gain exposure, life skills, leadership skills, values, understanding of themselves, insight into real world and much more. A vibrant learning environment was created where children were taken as equal partners in designing and implementing the project. During the workshop a variety of fun-filled activities were conducted. At first the children were shown some popular silent movies, which was followed by a story writing activity. Majority of the students wrote on social issues like child marriage, drug addiction and terrorism.Kids transported to fairy landThe primary section of AKSIPS, Sector 41 B, Chandigarh, visited \"Wonderland\" a fairy world world full of imagination, magic, creativity and beauty created by the students of Class V. The purpose of organizing such a visit was to tell that fairy tales are not only the source of entertainment and fun, they also provide children with a sense of imagination. They help children learn how to navigate through life and face challenges, while helping them imbibe moral and social values. Some characters from the fairy world like Cinderella, Red Riding Hood, Little Mermaid, Pied Piper, Peter Pan came alive and conveyed morals of their respective stories. Students also had the audience spellbound with their mesmerizing dance performance.Grandparents' Day celebrationGrandparents' Day was celebrated with great fervour by the tiny tots of Gem Public School, Phase 3B2, Mohali. The elders were invited to watch them perform on stage. The function commenced with a medley of songs in which the kindergarten kids exhibited their dancing skills. The chief attraction of the whole programme was the fashion show, where children clad in colourful costumes walked the ramp along with their grandparents. The teachers of the junior section also enacted a play highlighting the fact that only the blessings of the grandparents can make a happy family.Children taken to Doll MuseumDC Montessori (SMART) School organized a trip to Doll Museum Chandigarh, where students enjoyed seeing various Indian and international dolls. The students were amazed to see different kinds of dolls from all over the world and they also learnt about cultures. Later they enjoyed their snacks in a lush green garden and played games.Navjot is master of reasoning'Navjot Singh, a student of Class of Pathfinder High School, Sector 69, Mohali, won the title of the \"Master of Reasoning 2012\", a competition of reasoning for school students of the Tricity. After a preliminary written test in the school two students in each category were selected from 30 Tricity schools (class wise from VII-XII) were shortlisted for the final round held at Moti Ram Arya School in Sector 27, Chandigarh. After grueling multiple rounds, two written and three oral, Navjot Singh emerged the winner in his category. He received a trophy, certificate, GK book and a tablet as part of the prize.Wildlife Week celebrated", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746092", "title": "Activists seek audit of Pune's water supply", "text": "PUNE: The National Alliance for People's Movement (NAPM) has demanded an audit of drinking water supplied to Pune.The Jal Niyojan Panchayat, an irrigation review conference organised by the NAPM on Monday, witnessed heated discussions on water usage. The state irrigation department was accused of diverting the city's water for non-drinking purpose even as farmers and citizens continue to reel under water paucity.Activist Medha Patkar said, \"With rapid urbanization, cities like Pune are witnessing haphazard growth. People of Pune and farmers in the district do not have enough water. The state irrigation department should say where Pune's water was being diverted. The city's demand for water is rising and the state government wants agriculture to suffer for this.\"Patkar said that the local governing bodies across the state have failed to ensure sufficient water for urban poor.Sampatrao Pawar, another activist, said that though western Maharashtra is blessed with adequate water, the state has failed to manage the natural resource in a prudent manner. \"Myopic plans have created major problems in urban water supply, with failed irrigation projects adding to the trouble,\" he said.Experts Pradeep Purandare and Vijay Paranjape insisted on the need to plan water usage to avoid severe crisis in the future.As the NAPM conference was discussing water issues, the Khadakwasla canal committee meeting held in the city on Monday was unable to decide whether water cuts in the city should continue. The city has been facing cuts since March this year when the two-time water supply was reduced to once a day. The city first suffered a 20% cut, which was reduced to 10% in August, after dams supplying water to the city started getting rain. The city draws over 14 TMC water from the Panshet, Khadakwasla, Temghar and Varasgaon dams while its quota is 11.4 TMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "male", "code": "16746422", "title": "Maldivian ex-President freed after court appearance", "text": "MALE: Former Maldivian President Mohamed Nasheed was on Tuesday freed by a court where he appeared after an overnight detention and was given 25 days to answer allegations of abusing power while in office.A day after he was dramatically arrested, the prosecution submitted a total of 19 witnesses against Nasheed, along with material evidence of audio and video clips, letters and other documents.The defence lawyers said that they needed a month to study the material evidences but the judges gave 25 days and fixed the next hearing for November 4. Nasheed, 45, was let off after the court's session. He was arrested in Gaaf Dhaal Atoll Faresmathoda on Monday morning following an arrest warrant to produce him in court to face charges over the arrest of Judge Abdulla Mohamed during his tenure as President.Nasheed had been kept in custody overnight at Dhoonidhoo detention facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745821", "title": "Kalpakkam has all facilities to deal with emergencies: Govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has rejected arguments that mandatory safety and emergency medical preparedness was lacking at the nuclear power plant at Kalpakkam, and said there were enough trained medical and administrative personnel to tackle emergencies.A counter-affidavit to this effect was filed before the first bench of the Madras high court comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Monday, when a PIL seeking compliance of guidelines pertaining to nuclear and radiological emergencies laid down by the National Disaster Management Authority came up for further hearing.The PIL, filed by advocate M Vetriselvan, insisted on establishment of a super-multispecialty hospital and other amenities stipulated in the guidelines. Though the Madras Atomic Power Station (MAPS) at Kalpakkam started operation in 1983, these mandatory requirements were yet to be put in place, argued his counsel M Radhakrishnan.However, denying the allegations, the government submitted that necessary off-site emergency network was available to deal with radiological consequences. Noting that the deputy director of health services in Kancheepuram district is the nodal officer for implementing protective and relief measures, the counter said protective and relief measures would be made available by the district administration.Reiterating that the medical facilities available at Kalpakkam were fully equipped and geared up to handle radiation-related emergencies arising from the plant, the affidavit said that after the initial treatment at the first aid centre at the site and the Department of Atomic Energy hospital, patients could be treated at the Chengalpet government medical college hospital, and also at three government general hospitals in Chennai. If necessary, specialized hospitals such as Sri Ramachandra Medical College and Apollo Hospitals, which have burns wards and other facilities, would be put to use, it said.As for facilities such as immunology laboratory, bone marrow bank and transfusion and stem cell harvesting, the counter said they were available at the two private hospitals. The PIL will be taken up for further hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16747532", "title": "Man arrested six months after killing pregnant lover", "text": "MADURAI: Police have arrested a man for allegedly murdering his lover six months ago in Virudhunagar after she asked him to marry her. It happened six months ago and police were clueless until recently when they arrested the accused, who allegedly murdered a dalit woman, whom he was in love with.Rajagopal, a non-dalit and Vijayalakshmi, a dalit, were in love. When she asked him to marry her, he said it would bring a bad name to his family. However, the relationship between Rajagopal and Vijayalakshmi was more than just a courtship and she ended up becoming pregnant. Fearing that he would have to marry her, Rajagopal allegedly strangled her to death on April 5, according to the police. He packed the body in a gunny bag and pushed it into an abandoned well in Kurichiyarpatti village in Virudhunagar, they added.Even though a missing complaint was filed on April 9, it took almost six months for the police to arrest the accused. The Thalavaipuram police arrested Rajagopal on October 7 and registered a case (Crime No: 218/2012) under Section 302 and 201 of the IPC. But what irks the victim's parents and dalit activists, is the way the investigation was conducted.\"My daughter was working in a private mill in the nearby Nallanayakkanpatti village. Rajagopal was working as supervisor there. On April 4, my daughter was on night duty. She did not return home from work the next day. I soon filed a missing complaint at the Thalavaipuram police station and based on it, police questioned Rajagopal but let him off later,\" said S Karuppasamy, father of the victim, who lives in Solapuram village in Virudhunagar district.Police, however, began investigation based on the photograph they received from the victim's parents. \"The parents of the victim were not cooperative. They didn't disclose various facts which could give a vital clue to the case. They didn't tell us that the girl was pregnant. They were also clueless about the affair going on between Vijayalakshmi and Rajagopal,\" said M Krishnan, inspector of the Thalavaipuram police station.In a twist to the tale, on August 22, the Virallimalai police in Trichy district found the dead body of an unidentified woman in a well. The Trichy police soon informed the Thalavaipuram police station. The parents of the victims, however, said it was not of their daughter's. Even though the incident is not related, it led to confession by Rajagopal, two months later.\"Rajagopal confessed that he had murdered Vijayalakshmi as a marriage with her would bring a bad name to his family. We have also recovered the remains of the body. A DNA test confirmed that it was the victim's,\" said Krishnan. However, dalit activists blame the police for its sluggish way of investigation. \"This is a strong case of dishonour killing. Such cases are on rise in Tamil Nadu now. But the police take a long time to arrest the accused,\" said A Kathir, director of Evidence, a Madurai-based NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747538", "title": "Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board inks deal to recycle waste water", "text": "BANGALORE: The BWSSB on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Singapore Cooperation Enterprise and Temasek Foundation, an investment arm of the Singapore government, to share technical expertise in reusing waste water for potable purposes, stakeholder engagement and public acceptance.\"We have to start now to find alternative sources of water and decide manner, technology and safeguarding measures on how to recycle and reuse water,\" said Gaurav Gupta, chairman, BWSSB. Singapore is the world's leading city in waste water treatment, particularly in indirect potable reuse of treated water, termed 'NEWater'.Singapore imports water from Malaysia but NEWater has supplemented conventional sources of raw water supply, and together with rain water harvesting and conservation, it has reduced dependency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "16745313", "title": "2 die in road mishap", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Two persons__a driver and a cleaner of a tanker__ died on the spot when their vehicle hit a lorry and a goods vehicle near Arakere village, 65 km from here, on Tuesday. The deceased are T. Prashanth (driver ) and Vijay (cleaner). First the tanker, which was coming from Honnali, hit the lorry and later the goods vehicle which was coming behind the lorry. The mishap also resulted in a huge traffic jam on Shimoga-Hahihar road.A case of negligence and reckless driving has been booked against the tanker driver at the Honnali police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746167", "title": "Irrigation scam: Costs of materials inflated 200 per cent", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's irrigation status has remained grim over the past decade despite an impressive line-up of projects, mainly due to rampant corruption, malpractices and steep cost escalations.While chief minister Prithivraj Chavan's white paper-turned-status paper could take a long time to come through, TOI presents its own status report and finds out why the state's irrigation scenario is in such a mess.Information procured from officials, dam contractors and government documents reveals the exorbitant rates of various materials used in construction of dams and canals across the state. Tender rates for pipes, for instance, were fixed at Rs 1.5 lakh a tonne when the actual cost was Rs 70,000. The cost of concrete, in the range of Rs 4,000 to Rs 5,000 a cubic metre, was fixed at Rs 12,000 to Rs 15,000 in the tenders.The price of hearting and casing was as high as Rs 500 a cubic metre when the actual cost was barely Rs 100.The tender cost of tunnel excavation was fixed at Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 a cubic metre even as the actual cost was Rs 2,000. These price lists pertain to irrigation contracts awarded between 2006 and 2009. The cost of irrigation per hectare incurred in Maharashtra is as high as Rs 9 lakh a hectare compared to the Central Water Commission's limit of Rs 1.25 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh.\"It's a Rs 70,000 crore mystery. Why does Maharashtra lag behind despite such high expenditure and prioritization of this sector?\" asked a senior government official.Sources said planning for execution of the projects is totally haywire. \"The majority of the projects got off the ground only to stop for want of funds. This is an indication of mismanagement and poor planning,\" they said.They cited the case of Vidarbha Development Corporation (VIDC). It floated tenders worth Rs 11,126 crore during the two financial years of 2007-08 and 2008-09 when the total budget allocation was just Rs 5,700 crore in the state budget.\"The majority of tenders issued in the last decade were awarded at exorbitant rates. The estimated cost of tenders was illegally updated by market rates. This is the primary reason for the increase in project costs,\" said an official. The state government-appointed Vadnare Committee had exposed how tender estimates were updated after bids were opened. Sources said this modus operandi itself led to a loss of Rs 4,400 crore to the state exchequer.Another alleged scam, said contractors, was the fraudulent manner in which \"lead rates\" were charged. Lead rates refer to the distance travelled by trucks to procure raw materials to the project site. \"Lead distance as high as 20km for procuring metal stone and water was allowed despite such material being available at the work site. This is another reason for the high project costs,\" sources said.Payment of idle charges and making false claims is a major yardstick to facilitate siphoning off of public money to favoured contractors. \"Huge sums were given away to contractors, especially in the Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation, despite no idling of machinery,\" said sources.The state water resources department has also been accused of \"routinely increasing the scope of the project, flouting norms\". In several instances, height of the dam or length of a canal was increased, or an additional lift irrigation scheme was approved.Different sources also told TOI that the e-tender process formulated by the government is a \"total farce, non-transparent and distinct from the tender process practised in other states\". Contractors are not allowed to pay the bidding fee online, they have to do so in person. This gives scope for manipulation.\"The tender process is rigged. There is a fixed pattern of three contractors quoting the tenders and bids are almost always sanctioned at rates a little above the estimated cost. In fact, two bidding companies out of three belong to the same person,\" they said.Expert solutions to untangle the irrigation mess* Cancel unwanted tenders invited without prioritizing and planning. This can reduce the financial backlog by Rs 30,000 crore* Cancel tenders awarded at exorbitant rates. This will help balance cost of the projects within the norm of 2 to 2.5 times of annual budget* Like Gujarat, implement alternate methods of irrigation such as drip irrigation, rainwater harvesting or making of large water reservoirs as dams and canals* Tendering process should be made fully electronic with no avenue for manual interference* E-tendering should be single system where tender quotations and bids are accepted simultaneously* Order CBI inquiry to fix responsibility of malpractices in the past decade", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16738501", "title": "Prints and colour blocking to rule this Navratri", "text": "Every year the Navratri fashion code gets a tinge better and spunkier with city fashionistas exploring more shades from the color palette, more textures and fabrics .Fashion designers from the city tell you what will make you stand apart as a diva on the garba ground this Navratri. Prints are going to rule this season. Throw away your regular heavy embroidered chaniya cholis and revamp your Navratri wardrobe. \"Printed ghaghras teamed with a tad shorter blouses in simple yet elegant cuts are a girl's fave pick this Navratri,\" says fashion designer Bhavin Trivedi. \"Kalidar ghaghras are here to stay. The only thing that hasn't changed is the odhani \u2014 plain georgette with no design innovations,\" says the designer.Mix and match is a rage this season. \"Brocade fabric with rich and subtle embroidery is the order of the day,\" according to fashion designer Ashish Parikh. A tinge of creativity will only pep up the attire, feels Ashish who adds, \"Pin tucks and panel can be tried out in various permutations so far as going for skirts are concerned. Owing to lot of parties, girls want their outfits to look grander and at the same time stylish and colorful; more so because they can wear it on other occasions apart from Navratri.\"Agrees fashion designer Devanshi Sheradia. \"Contemporary is the sought after look for the festive season. Cotton fabric has been replaced by net and chiffon. Color blocking is very much in with simple and sober chaniyas cholis being preferred by girls now,\" says the designer.Styling up your sleeves is another hot trend this season. \"Fancy blouses with different sleeve lengths is what most girls will be seen flaunting this time,\" says Ashish.Colorblocking (pairing two contrast colours to make an impressive ensemble) rules the scene. \"Orange, onion pink, parrot green, ice blue, rust and purple are the colors making a splash this Navratri,\" says Ashish.\"Those who don't like loud colors can opt for softer shades, but not dull ones,\" Devanshi shares, \"While colorblocking is in, neons are the most preferred. Lime green, sunshine yellow, fuchsia pink are sought after colors.\"For men, understated kurtas teamed with denims are very much in, feels Bhavin. \"Men go for sober kediyas/kurtas in cotton and Bhagalpuri silk these days. Traditional outfits and accessories are passe. Mid thigh length pathani kurtas teamed with denims will be a trend to watch out for this festive season,\" says Bhavin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16744835", "title": "Kapil Sibal wants Kerala to join common entrance test club", "text": "KOCHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Union human resource minister Kapil Sibal on Tuesday expressed hope that Kerala will accept the proposed pan-India common entrance test (CET) for admission to engineering and medical courses.Several states including Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Maharashtra and Gujarat, have already agreed to the CET. \"West Bengal has said that it would join by 2015. Institutions like NIT, IIT, IIIT and Central universities have already agreed to be part of it,\" he said in Angamaly.Sibal said 98% of the deemed universities have expressed interest in joining the CET.When asked, state education minister P K Abdu Rabb said the cabinet would discuss whether to join the CET within two weeks, and communicate its decision to the Centre.The HRD ministry proposed the CET for admissions to all medical and engineering colleges, including IITs, NITs and IIITs. The proposal was made to save students from the burden of attending too many entrance exams for admission to the same discipline.Plus-II students in the country have been sitting for several entrance examinations annually. India has 14.86 lakh engineering seats in 3,393 colleges, including the 15 IITs, 30 NITs, four IIITs and five IISERs, apart from colleges in the states and Union Territories.For MBBS aspirants, there are 17 tests to fill 30,000 seats in 271 medical colleges across the country.If the state were to accept the proposal, it would mean that a student can get admission anywhere in the country for undergraduate programmes, he need not write separate exams for each state or institution, and it cuts down the expenses on examination fees. However, there are some drawbacks as well. For instance, will state students be able to compete against the all-India population, and if Plus-II marks carry weightage, what about students appearing for state boards. The normalisation of the Plus-II marks and entrance exam percentage could also be tricky.Akash tablet for every student in five yearsInfrastructure of the virtual world is as important as physical infrastructure, said Sibal, adding that the UPA government is aiming to network 2,50,000 gramapanchayats across the country through the national fibre optic network (NFON).\"The last mile connectivity will be done through broadband,\" he said.Speaking after inaugurating the FISAT science congress on the college campus off Kochi on Tuesday, Sibal said that data will flow at the speed of sound and bring information at the click of a button for farmers who want to know where to fish and when to sow seeds.Meanwhile, every child in the country will have an Akash tablet costing Rs 1,500 within the next five years, Sibal added. The Akash-2 will have a one gigahertz processor with a battery life of four hours, while Akash-3 will have a sim card.Expressing happiness at seeing so many girl students opting for engineering, Sibal lauded the state. \"In no other state will you see so many girl engineering students,\" he said. Earlier, he laid the foundation stone for FISAT science &amp; technology park and research centre.State education minister P K Abdu Rabb laid the foundation stone for the FISAT decennial building, while P C Chacko MP inaugurated the women's hostel and K P Dhanapalan inaugurated the training centre for challenged children.BOXAsked about the allegations being raised by India against corruption (IAC), HRD minister Kapil Sibal said, \"Everyday they raise allegations, and like 24x7 channels, they have become corruption allegations 24x7.\"Kerala will also have to come around to the plan of a common entrance test (CET) for engineering and medicine as most of the states and institutions have already agreed to join in, said Kapil Sibal, Union minister for human resource development in Kochi on Tuesday.Answering a query on Kerala not agreeing to the CET, Kapil Sibal said that lots of states have agreed to join including Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Maharashtra and Gujarat. \"West Bengal has said that it would join in by 2015. Institutions like NIT, IIT, IIIT and Central universities have already agreed to be part of it,\" he said.Kapil Sibal said that 98 percent of the deemed universities have expressed their interest in joining the CET while interacting with press persons on the sidelines after the inauguration of FISAT science congress at the college campus in Angamaly.When asked about what he thought of the poor results in the UGC-NET, Kapil Sibal said that it had not been brought to his notice and hence was not aware of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747182", "title": "Govt plans child labour-free block in each district", "text": "RANCHI: The state labour department is working on a plan to free at least one block in each district from child labour. To make this possible at the earliest the labour department on Tuesday held a meeting of stake holders including NGOs and government officials.State labour commissioner Sunil Kumar Barnwal said the department has already managed to free one panchayat from child labour in each of the 24 districts. \"Now our plan is to make at least one block free from child labour,\" Barnwal said adding that the department is also planning to organize regional sensitization workshops to make people aware of various programmes run by the state government for the welfare of rescued child labourers.The department provides free school uniforms, bags and shoes to children through Jharkhand Building and other construction workers welfare board. The department will provide Rs 1,000 per child. Free education and vocational training for rescued child labourers is also provided under skill building activities including computer operations, vermin-composting, jute craft and embroidery.Around 100 children (between 14-17 years) have been enrolled into basic electrical, welding, nursing and automobile repairing courses at industrial training institute (ITI) in Ranchi and 57 at ITI in Sahebganj district, so that they get better employment in future.Barnwal said the department was also planning to provide vocational training to the parents of child labourers to enhance their earning and prevent child labour.\"If the parents are financially sound they will support education of their children. We will provide vocational training to the families of enrolled child labourers through Jharkhand Silk Textile and Handicraft Development Corporation Limited,\" Barnwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745578", "title": "Mangroves under siege in Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: The locals and administration seem to have taken no lesson from the recent Aila in the Sunderbans, which has made the mangroves more vulnerable to the impact of climate change.While mangrove plants are considered a natural shield against storms, rampant felling of these trees is only leaving this UNESCO World Heritage Site defenceless against various climate change elements like rise in sea level and salinity.A large number of Avecennia Alba plants, locally known as Bain, were found uprooted in a small swamp in Pakhirala, just opposite the Sajnekhali forest, recently. Some Eco Development Committee (EDC) members reached the spot on Monday after being informed by locals and recovered the plants, which were dumped under the mud water.An EDC member said that the plants were uprooted to make space for some shops. \"This trend is on the rise in the last few years. We brought the plants to the Pakhirala community hall. Later, forest department officials reached there to take stock of the situation ,\" said the member, adding that a mass petition signed by some locals has been submitted to the ranger and the Gosaba police station. The member said that semi-permanent structures of the shops were also found in the area.Interestingly, Bain is among the salt-tolerant plants in the Sunderbans and its survival is key to the future of the mangroves. \"These plants work as a bio-shield against storms and tides. Once water recedes after a high tide, soil deposition takes place in the roots of these plants. And this soil works as another row of defence, in front of the man-made embankments, against storms and high tides. When another high tide comes, the roots of these plants absorb all the saline water making it less vulnerable to the embankments,\" said Biswajit Roy Chowdhury, a member of the state wildlife advisory board.According to him, a letter has already been sent to the forest department on felling of mangrove plants in the Sunderbans. \"Mangrove felling is rampant in villages like Jatishpur and Gorankathi,\" added Roy Chowdhury. He said that a Bain plantation done by NGO, Nature Environment and Wildlife Society (NEWS), in Dulki a few years back works as a better shield compared to the brick embankment close to it.A forest department official said: \"We have little to do, since the land belongs to the irrigation department.\"According to conservationist Tushar Kanjilal, Bain is commonly used by the locals to develop the walls of their huts. \"They mix soil with the plants and its wood to develop the walls. This is a salt water-tolerant plant and its destruction will spell doom for the mangroves,\" Kanjilal said. Echoing his view, another member of state wildlife advisory board, Sudipto Dutt, said these plants are also erosion-resistant. \"Felling of these plants will hit the embankments in the area,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746305", "title": "Gas-hit demand new body for Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre", "text": "BHOPAL: Gas victims have demanded the revival of an autonomous body to supervise the affairs of the super-speciality Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre (BMHRC) here.Gas activist Abdul Jabbar said on Tuesday that BMHRC is a hospital and not a research centre as the ICMR is treating it. Day-to-day functioning of the hospital BMHRC cannot be conducted from Delhi while gas victims suffer,\" said Jabbar. He led protestors of Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udyog Sangathan who were demanding improving of services at BMHRC.\"Once and autonomous body is formed, decisions could be taken at the local level. Currently, we have two retired individuals as an administrator and director,\" said Jabbar.In a letter to ICMR director general Dr VM Katoch on Tuesday, Jabbar said that MRI and DSA machines are not functional for well over a month. He also noted instances of three of the fours dialysis machines not working.The letter also called for a white paper on drugs trials at the BMHRC.The BMHRC functioned under the Bhopal hospital memorial trust (BHMT) until 2010. BHMT was established in 1998.The BMHRC was meant to serve some 5 lakh gas victims, affected from the Bhopal gas leak of 1984.In the last few weeks following discrepancy in pay after implementation of 6th CPC, two BMHRC specialists have resigned.The hospital is short of about 50 % of doctors for the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16747617", "title": "Maharashtra villagers in tiger core areas offered Rs 10 lakh to relocate", "text": "MUMBAI:In a bid to avoid conflict, villagers living in core areas of tiger reserve in Maharashtra will be given Rs 10 lakh as compensation to relocate. However, the decision on whether to accept the package or continue to reside in the forest will remain voluntary.\"Centre will bear the expenses incurred during the rehabilitation of the villagers. A total of 215 villages need to be relocated. Many of them have agreed for relocation out of tiger reserve,\" CM Prithviraj Chavan said addressing a news conference in Mantralay. The decision to this effect was taken in the state cabinet meeting held in Vidhan Bhavan on Tuesday.Praveen Pardeshi, principal secretary (forests) said, \"Shifting out of the core tiger area is not mandatory. If villagers feel they can continue to stay in the forest.\" \"Those willing to shift can either take cash or land for land. In fact, villagers can even have both cash and land,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746006", "title": "Island city power bills may rise by 4%", "text": "MUMBAI: People living in the island city can expect a 4% increase in their electricity bills by early next year.This was indicated in the BEST budget estimate for 2013-14, which was presented before committee members on Tuesday. \"The power tariff is bound to go up by 3.5%-4 % by early next year. This depends a lot on the rising cost of purchasing power from other sources. This is a variable cost, which fluctuates depending on international fuel prices and other factors,\" said committee member Sunil Ganacharya, adding that the increase in power tariff would help the undertaking curtail its losses in the next financial year.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said the recent hike in power tariff (by over 20%), along with the bus fare hike in April, helped the undertaking generate additional revenue to the tune of Rs 934 crore.BEST had resorted to cross-subsidy and recovered charges from power consumers for the losses incurred by the transport body. Sources said the cross-subsidy was likely to continue. BEST supplies power to nearly 10 lakh users in the island city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745850", "title": "Centre\u2019s bid to thwart Modi\u2019s Metro rail plan backfires", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union urban development (UD) ministry's bid to put a spanner in Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's plan to finalize the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar Metro rail project just ahead of the Election Commission's announcement of the poll date has backfired. Though the latest Central circular issued to all state governments advised them to take prior approval of Central government before they \"initiate any Metro rail/monorail projects\", Gujarat government unilaterally finalized and announced the Metro routes.Sensing that Modi could announce the project before September 29 - the day poll dates were announced - the UD ministry had issued the circular on September 26 asking states to \"follow due process\". But Modi's website posted the details of the 76-km route a day before the poll dates were announced. The website termed the Metro project a \"historic chapter\" in enhancing the growth of cities in the coming years, and the project is part of the CM's vision to create world class infrastructure for Gujarat.The Central circular comes as a surprise since Gujarat reportedly moved ahead with the plan after doing enough ground work whereas the ministry had been claiming that several states were not serious while proposing such projects.However, the UD ministry justified its move citing that Metro is a \"railway and hence a \"Central subject\". It said, \"Since urban transport is completely intertwined with urban development, the project proposals for Metro railways/ monorail are not originated by the Central government as a matter of policy and have to be proposed by the state government concerned.\"As per norms, the Centre provides 50% funds for detailed project report (DPR) preparation for Metro projects in cities that have over two million population. \"While it is expected that the state government concerned or urban local body would take the lead in development of a DPR for Metro rail/ monorail as per the guidelines for taking up Metro, the prior approval of central government is essential before initiating any metro rail project in state,\" the circular said.The Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar project was conceived in 2005, and the Centre had given in-principle approval to it in 2006. But the Centre wanted changes in the project report and had asked the state government to review it. But without sending a modified DPR to the UD ministry, Gujarat government went ahead with its plan.Even UD minister Kamal Nath had told Lok Sabha during last Parliament session that they had not received the DPR and hence the project was not part of the list of seven Metro ventures that have a financial provision of Rs 5,897 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16747657", "title": "Man killed while trying to crossover to Pakistan", "text": "JAISALMER: Alert BSF jawans shot dead a suspicious person who was trying to slip into Pakistan by jumping over the border fence adjoining Jaisalmer on Monday night.The deceased youth was about 28 years old and was believed to be some agent of the Pakistan intelligence agency. An old identity card of Gujarat Gas company was found in his pocket. Efforts are being made to identify him. Senior officers of the BSF and the police have reached the spot and upon searching the body, a wire cutter and Rs 1479 were recovered . Briefing about the incident, BSF DIG (Rajasthan frontier) R K Thapa said at 9 pm on Monday alert jawans of the 195 Battalion deployed at Silvi boder post saw a person trying to cross over from border pillar number 521/1 located at the international border in Mohangarh area adjoining Jaisalmer. The jawans challenged him and asked him to stop, but he started climbing the fence.Thapa said despite the BSF jawans giving him repeated warnings, he avoided them after which the jawans fired 5/6 round and killed him. Searching the body of the deceased on Tuesday, Rs 1,470 Indian currency, a wire cutter and an old ID card were recovered. The ID card was of Gujarat Gas Company on which Jagmal Ram Mahendria is written. Whether the ID card belonged to the deceased or someone else is yet to be known. The senior officers of BSF and police were trying to identify the person while investigating the case further. The security agencies suspect that the person could be an ISI agent, who was trying to cross the border with some special objective . BSF has now handed over the body to Mohangarh police station for postmortem .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745658", "title": "Indian and Danish govts to revive Serampore heritage", "text": "KOLKATA: A slew of restoration activities is in store for the decaying colonial heritage of Serampore. Not only has the Union ministry of culture sanctioned funds for the Danish Governor's House, the Danish government has taken up preservation of the south and north gates of the complex.The efforts to revive the remnants of the Danish buildings of Serampore have resulted in the 'Europe-on-Ganga' project, conceived by the West Bengal Heritage Commission (WBHC). \"The collaboration between the Centre, the commission and the Danish government is sure to give a fresh lease of life to the heritage of Serampore,\" said Shuvaprasanna, chairman, WBHC.Danish conservation architect Flemming Aalund, historian Simon Rasten and ethnographer Bente Wolff will be here in November to execute the Serampore Initiative taken up by the National Museum of Denmark. NMD has raised private and public funds for Serampore, which still shows off an intricate tapestry of European and indigenous architecture dating back to 18th Century.The culture ministry is expected to finalize the quantum of funds to be disbursed this month, but the commission is gearing up for a post-Puja date. Their focus - the derelict, single-storied Governor House - has already undergone piecemeal preservation. \"During the first phase, which began in 2009, only a small part of the mammoth restoration project could be completed. Now, we are starting all over again,\" said Partha Ranjan Das, member, WBHC.The second phase of restoration promises to be more extensive. It will include repair of the wooden staircase, the wooden skylights and the walls and replacement of doors and windows. Steps will be taken to prevent further deterioration.The building that used to be a mud-and-wattle construction with a thatched roof has survived for over 200 years. No wonder, it shows different characteristics reflecting Serampore's history through Danish, British and Indian periods. Much of it had collapsed during a dinner party on December 2, 1770. The rest was demolished in 1771 until Johan Leonard Fix, the new Danish head, reconstructed it. The British inherited the building in 1845. Finally, it was abandoned after a roof collapse in 1999.The Serampore Initiative was conceived in 2008 by NMD's ethnographic department to supplement the Governor House project, but it hit a roadblock of rules prohibiting direct foreign funding of government projects. \"Now an arrangement has been worked out. Intach, an NGO working on heritage conservation, has tied up with NMD. We are supporting them,\" said Shuvaprasanna.Also on NMD's cards is the restoration of St Olav's Church and the old Danish cemetery, upgrade of the square in front and setting up a museum with the Danish history of Serampore. The cemetery is under the Archaeological Survey of India, but the headstones are crumbling.\"The restoration project will be backed by seminars, meetings and archival activity since the initiative aims at promoting knowledge of the cultural heritage related to Serampore,\" said Shuvaprasanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745120", "title": "Petrol pumps in Kochi fail to reduce price on time", "text": "KOCHI: Check the price of petrol displayed at the petrol pump before you fill up your vehicle's fuel tank.Though the price of petrol was reduced by 70 paise from Monday midnight, many petrol pumps were reluctant to reduce the price for 24 hours as they stood to gain approximately Rs 18.6 crore.As the petrol pumps continued to charge the older rate on Tuesday, people started an agitation against the pumps and a few outlets were forced to shut their operations till they revised the price.In Kochi city, seven petrol pumps were closed down after Youth Congress activists barged into the pumps and staged protests. Petrol pumps were supposed to reduce the price to Rs 69.97 from midnight on Monday. \"A few pumps belonging to Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum did not cut prices till Tuesday noon while Indian Oil Corporation pumps reduced the price on time. Pump owners said they did not receive any communication from the oil companies to reduce price,\" said Youth Congress leader A R Padmadas, adding that when there was a hike; all companies implemented it without any delay.But, Bharat Petroleum officials, on condition of anonymity, said that they received the communication to reduce price only on Tuesday evening. \"Every time a price cut is announced, only one company reduces it on the specified date, while the others change it the next day. We don't know why they do it,\" officials said.Members of All Kerala Federation of Petroleum Traders alleged that the oil companies do it purposefully. According to rough estimates with the petrol dealers, around 80,000 kilo litres of petrol is sold per month in the state. (1 kilo litre is 1,000 litres).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746898", "title": "Engineering college staff asked to retire at 55, moves high court", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Being served superannuation notice at the age of 55, S Rajendran, who worked as first grade instructor in mechanical engineering at the Sri Chitra Thirunal College of Engineering (SCTCE), Pappanamcode, has moved the high court against the KSRTC-run college for not complying with the government order that has raised retirement age to 56.Rajendran had earlier filed a writ petition at the court for enabling him to get the benefit of extending the retirement age to 56 years since the college was following the Employees' Provident Fund (EPF) scheme.When the government issued a new order in March, raising the retirement age to 56, he appealed to the college management to let him continue in service. However, the board refused to accept his request. Rajendran then procured a stay against the management decision. The college management then got the stay vacated and Rajendran was served superannuation notice in April. Again, an appeal was filed at the high court against the decision of the management.While considering the case, the HC directed the board of the college to take a decision on whether the retirement age should be extended to the employees of SCTCE up to 56 years. \"The court made it clear that if the retirement age is extended based on the government order, I shall be allowed to continue with continuity of service. But the board discussed the matter and rejected the proposal for extension of retirement age of SCTCE employees from 55 to 56. This is a violation of the government order,\" said Rajendran.Rajendran said during the process of affiliation of the college, it was agreed that the college shall abide by the conditions regarding service conditions of teaching and non-teaching staff prescribed by the university and government from time to time.\"The case is yet to be decided. It is true that Rajendran has retired at 55. But whether the college has to comply with the government order is something that can be finalized only after the case is concluded,\" said a college official on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745965", "title": "Desperate Cong banks on veterans, renegades in HP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Renegades, outsiders and veterans. Congress has put \"winnability\" above everything else in the battle for Himachal Pradesh , betraying an eagerness to win the state it thinks is critical to reverse the slide since the anti-corruption campaign hit the political scene.The list of 68 candidates shows the party's belief that old warhorse Virbhadra Singh will be its key to success. The five-time chief minister arm-twisted the leadership into giving him the party's reins and has managed to secure overwhelming nominations for his loyalists.The acquiescing of Congress into the royal grandee's demands shows its thin political muscle without Virbhadra as also its unwillingness to assert primacy of \"central authority\" over its poll prospects.With Gujarat being a tough test, it is felt a win in HP will provide the much-needed breather against rival BJP which has been on a rampage winning Punjab, Goa and losing Uttarakhand by a whisker in the last bunch of polls.Coupled with UP, the Congress's decimation has been complete, attributed to anti-corruption campaign launched by Anna Hazare.The Congress's pragmatism reflects in the ticket to Vijay Mankotia from Shahpur. Mankotia authored the CD that proved Virbhadra's nemesis, with a court order leading to his resignation from the Union Cabinet. G S Bali got the ticket after his reputation was left in tatters by a sting operation.As many as seven imports from other parties like BJP have managed tickets while Anil Sharma, son of Sukhram, has also been nominated. AICC office-bearer and former MP Dhani Ram Shandil too has been picked for the battle.The push from Youth Congress or other \"quotas\" has been minimal out of the calculation that \"every seat is important\". Union minister Anand Sharma, who has been a red rag to Virbhadra, drew a blank.Congress has pinned its hopes on Himachal. With the assessment of a tough race coinciding with fears that small states could be difficult to predict as it happened in Uttarakhand, Congress is not ready to take any chance.The political importance of the hill state has outgrown its small size in Congress's calculus. A slip here, with Gujarat as always looking an uphill task, could send the party into a downward spiral. The defeat could impact more than mere morale, with the possibility of silent leaders targetting the Centre for inflation, graft and economic reforms.It could impair UPA's new-found ability to push \"unpopular\" decisions that the PM thinks is critical to staving off an economic crisis. The return of political paralysis could impact preparations for 2014 Lok Sabha polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747341", "title": "Focus on cases that impact masses: Tamgadge", "text": "NAGPUR: An officer of the Indian police service (2001 batch), Sandeep Tamgadge took charge as SP of the Nagpur branch of the anti-corruption bureau unit of the central bureau of investigation (CBI) on Monday. He plans to focus on cases that impact the masses.\"A corruption case against an individual matters but my focus is to bring to the fore cases that affect the masses. It will help the department to reach out to the public and expose major cases,\" said Tamgadge, while addressing mediapersons on Tuesday. Tamgadge, 37, succeeded SP Thomas John who retired on September 30 after a three-year term.An alumnus of Nagpur College, Tamgadge is from the Nagaland cadre. In his earlier postings, he has handled several critical cases, including four sensitive encounter cases in Gujarat.Admitting that he was not reluctant to take charge in Nagpur, he said, \"I was more than willing to take charge and investigate more interesting cases.\"A gold medallist in 2007, Tamgadge has been given additional charge of SP (special crime branch of Mumbai) and SP SIT Ahmedabad in Gujarat.In Nagaland, Tamgadge, a postgraduate, was twice posted as SP. \"Though I have been given additional charge, Nagpur CBI is my first priority,\" he said.\"Improving coordination with the public is my first priority. Public interaction is a must to investigate sensitive cases. People should be aware of how to reach the CBI,\" he said.Regarding the coal scam, he clarified that the local CBI officials are not involved in the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16746986", "title": "Cleaner kills truck driver", "text": "GURGAON: An FIR has been lodged against a truck cleaner by Bilaspur police on the charge of killing a truck driver. The mobile phone of the cleaner, a native of Bihar, was found switched off after the incident. The truck driver was found in truck cabin in a critical condition on Sunday morning. A roadside hotel employee admitted him to a private hospital, where doctors declared him as brought dead. The victim's cousin said that he was the sole bread-winner in his family.Virendra, resident of Mahrauli, Delhi lodged complaint with Bilaspur police on Sunday late evening. In his complaint he told police that 45-year-old Shiya Ram, resident of Faijabad in Uttar Pradesh, was working as driver for his truck. The truck was engaged in supply of building material. Prabhu Dyal, native of Supol in Bihar, was also working as cleaner on truck. On Saturday night, they were going to Shikohpur village to drop material.In the late night, truck driver stopped the truck in front of Rahi hotel on Tauoru road and was going to sleep. The hotel owner saw them but did not care due to late night.In the early morning on Sunday the hotel employee found the truck driver was badly injured in the cabin. They took him to a nearby private hospital, but the doctors declared him as brought dead. The cleaner Prabhu Dyal was missing and his mobile phone was also switched off.\"In the preliminary investigation, it is found that the truck driver was hit by an iron rod. After getting severe head injury he died on spot. We have lodged an FIR against the truck cleaner. A team has also been sent to Bihar to search the accused\", said a senior police officer.,Police have handed over the dead body to kin after the postmortem on Monday. \"Shiya Ram was the sole bread-winner in his family. He had five children and all are in school now\", said Umashankar, cousin of victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747389", "title": "Drunk driver gets seven years in jail", "text": "NAGPUR: With drunk and reckless driving on the rise, the court has finally cracked the whip. Apart from sending a drunk driver to jail for mowing down three persons and injuring a few, the court also directed the police commissioner to be vigilant so that mishaps can be averted and violators could be booked.On Tuesday, ad hoc additional sessions judge KL Vyas sentenced Deepak Gedam (23) to seven years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs5,000. The incident occurred on the Mecosabagh flyover on February 15. After being hit by Gedam's matador, one of the victims flew off the flyover.The court has also directed Jaripatka police to confiscate the killer matador and auction it so that the proceeds could go to the kin of the dead and the injured. The auction will take place in the presence of the judicial magistrate within two months.The city police chief has also been directed to inform the regional transport office (RTO) about the conviction so that Gedam's licence can be cancelled under the motor vehicles act.Additional public prosecutor Deepak Kolhe said the court took a stringent view of the entire episode as it felt that reckless driving has become a social evil with many teenagers riding or driving vehicles without licence. Kolhe was assisted by SP Rode.Gedam was convicted under section 304 (II) of the Indian penal code (IPC) for culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Gedam was also sentenced to two years in jail and slapped with a fine of Rs1,000 for causing grievous injury and endangering lives.Gedam was also convicted under section 427 of the IPC for causing mischief. Under section 427 of the IPC, Gedam was sentenced to three months in jail, a fine of Rs500 and additional imprisonment for seven days in case of a default.Under section 181 of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988, Gedam was slapped with three months of imprisonment and a fine of Rs500 for violating safety rules.He will also have to undergo imprisonment for six months and pay a fine of Rs1,000 under section 184 of the Motor Vehicles Act for dangerous driving. The court has also convicted Gedam under section 185 of the MV Act 1988 sentencing him to a jail term of six months and a fine Rs2000 for driving under the influence of alcohol.\"The government doctor, who testified before the court, said that Gedam was so drunk that he was not in a position to sign. He did not even have a licence, a fact confirmed by an RTO official,\" said Kolhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746621", "title": "HC rejects plea for policy against female feticide", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday disposed of without any directions the three applications wherein it was requested that the state government be asked to take certain policy decisions to curb female infanticides.The applications were filed with the public interest litigation (PIL) already pending with the court on the subject of female foeticide. The division bench of chief justice Arun Mishra and justice SS Kothari disposed of the applications saying the petitioner, advocate SK Gupta should make a representation before the state as the demands raised by him were a subject matter of the government policies. Gupta had pleaded that the government be directed to grant pensions to parents who have two daughters only. The court was told that the Madhya Pradesh government was already paying the pension such parents in its state. The second application related to government playing a role in dispelling the religious belief that last rites of dead person can be performed only by a son. It was suggested the government should provide incentives to daughters who perform the last rites of their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "16747545", "title": "Health secretary visits delta districts", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: State health secretary Dr J Radhakrishnan on Tuesday, reviewed the steps being taken to prevent any possible outbreak of diseases during the upcoming north-east monsoon session in the three delta districts of Nagapattinam, Thiruvarur and Thanjavur.A team of officials led by the health secretary conducted the inspection in Keechankuppam, Akkaraipettai, Nambiar Nagar and old Nambiar Nagar in Nagapattinam where many children contracted a virus fever last month. Radhakrishnan inspected the precautionary measures being taken to prevent the occurrence of infectious diseases in the area. The virus fever had recently claimed the life of M Varshini (6) and M Santhini (6) from Keechankuppam. The health secretary met the family of the two children at their residence and consoled them.Following the inspection, Radhakrishnan convened a meeting with district collector (incharge) M Ashia Mariam and officials from the health department. He said that though government officials took steps to prevent diseases, it could not be achieved without cooperation from the public. Moreover, apart from health department officials, officials from other government departments, NGOs, self-help groups (SHG), representatives of local bodies should collectively work towards the eradication of the virus fever. Fishermen were advised to dispose unused plastic boats as the virus could breed as a result of water stagnation in the boats. In case of symptoms of fever, patients have been advised to rush to the Nagapattinam government hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16747593", "title": "7 Nigerians injured after brawl in Baga", "text": "CALANGUTE: A group of Nigerian were involved in a brawl amongst themselves on the intervening night of Saturday-Sunday in Baga.According to the Calangute police, seven Nigerians were injured in the incident which occurred in the early hours of Sunday. The injured Nigerians included Friday Osita Onyekwe, Okeke Nawaeze Gabriel, Emanuel Joshua, James Ikechukwu, Okafur Emeka, Bobby Lawrence and Ezike Manzu. All of them have been arrested earlier by the Calangute police for various offences including drug pedlling, visa forgery, overstaying without valid visas and documents, etc.The Calangute police have registered an offence under section 160 IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16747635", "title": "Briton to depose via video conferencing", "text": "PANAJI: The state children's court recently allowed an application filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) seeking examination of a British witness, Michael Mannion alias Masala, through video-conferencing in the trial of the two accused charged for allegedly killing 15-year-old Scarlett Keeling at Anjuna beach in 2008.Sources said that the court on October 8 passed the order granting permission for 'video examination'. The premier investigation agency had filed an application in March 2012 to examine the witness through video conferencing facility, which is available in the court hall. The prime British witness had refused to travel to Goa to depose before the court. Mannion had informed the CBI that he would be able to give his deposition from England through video conferencing. The court is likely to hear the case further in the month of November.After taking over the investigation from the Goa police, the CBI had filed a supplementary chargesheet against the accused, Samson D'Souza and Placido Carvalho, before the court in October 2009. The voluminous chargesheet filed by the CBI, after conducting investigations for 16 months, charged the accused for allegedly committing culpable homicide not amounting to murder, sexual assault, destroying evidence and some other sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Goa Children's Act. The court has framed charges against the duo.Revealing the circumstances in which the British teenager was killed, the CBI alleged that the victim was seen intoxicated in front of Lui's Cafe during the night before her body was found on the beach on Feburary 18, 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746642", "title": "Two kidnap attempts in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Two broad daylight kidnap attempts in Jagatpura and Muhana areas kept the police on toes on Tuesday. In both the cases, the kidnappers dumped the victims after a few hours fearing police action. A 25-year-old man was allegedly kidnapped from Jagatpura area by nearly half-a-dozen men on Monday. Police said that the kidnappers suspected him to be involved in stealing an SUV belonging to them. The man was rescued in Dausa's Mandawa area in the evening.According to the police, the man, identified as Damodar Gujjar, was a marble trader. \"He lives in a rented accommodation in Jagatpura's Pratap Nagar colony with his family. He was on his way to market around 8.30 am when about half-a-dozen people in a Bolero intercepted him and forced him into the vehicle,\" said SHO, Jawahar Circle, Shivratan Godara.The officer said that an auto driver who knew Damodar spotted the kidnap and informed the latter's friend. \"The friend informed the family members and the police. We put barricades on the roads and launched a search for Damodar,\" said the officer.On the basis of the family members' statements, the police came to know that some people had a grudge against Damodar suspecting his involvement in stealing a Bolero. \"Damodar had hired the vehicle from someone, however, it was stolen in Sawai Madhopur,\" said the officer.The police rushed teams to the houses of those in Dausa who were accusing the man of stealing the vehicle. \"They had threatened Damodar many times in the past. When our teams reached their houses, they came to know about it somehow and dumped the man at a village in Mandawar. He has been brought to Jaipur and his questioning is going on,\" said the officer.In another case, one Rampal Jat, a property dealer, was kidnapped from Muhana Mandi by half-a-dozen men.\"They forced him into one of the two cars in which they were riding and sped away. Rampal was later found in Bhankrota area. It has come up during preliminary investigation that the victim had a dispute with the accused men,\" said the officer. The police registered an FIR against a few for kidnapping and launched a search for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16746384", "title": "Approach to future warfare underscored", "text": "MHOW: The two-day seminar on 'Emerging technologies and their impact on the future battlefield' conducted by Army Management Studies Board of Army Training Command (ARTRAC) at Military College of Telecommunications Engineering (MCTE) concluded here on Tuesday. ARTRAC commander Lt Gen K Sundernath, the chief guest of the seminar, delivered the keynote address.He articulated the recommended approach to future war fighting, and emphasized on the necessity to learn, unlearn and relearn to avoid getting outdated. Earlier MCTE commandant Lt Gen Rajesh Pant delivered the welcome address. Dr Dipti Deodhare of Defence Research &amp; Development Organisation (DRDO), during a talk on cybernetics, robotics and artificial intelligence, stressed on the need to build cognitive systems and the importance of pluralism as a design paradigm. DBS Sethi of DRDO spoke on the convergence of nano, bio and information technologies and the various initiatives of DRDO in this area of research.Alok Vijayant of NTRO spoke on offensive cyber warfare and emphasized on how it was essentially a battle of the mind. Lt Gen (Retd) Dalip Bhardwaj spoke on \"Land warfare platforms:System upgrades.\"Rear Admiral BR Taneja discussed the latest technologies in the 'sea and under-sea' domain to include the likes of unmanned underwater vehicles, submarine technologies, stealth and next covered a wide spectrum of applications of modeling and generation intelligent anti-submarine warfare.The seminar ended with an address by IIM,Indore director Dr Ravichandran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745305", "title": "Messy schedule leaves participants in a tizzy", "text": "HYDERABAD: The old saying 'too many cooks spoil the broth' perhaps best described the scene at Hitex-HICC on Tuesday, host to the 11th edition of the Conference of Parties (CoP-11) on biodiversity.Despite hi-tech support and multi-layered organisers team at work, the convention venue plunged into chaos and utter mismanagement as participants were seen walking around cluelessly. Many reached the venue only to find out that the event they had come for was either called off or rescheduled. Worse, none of the groups managing these meets had any idea just why there was a last minute rejig. The absence of proper signage at the zillion halls and conference rooms identified for these programmes only added to the mess.A side event by the 'Island Conservation' group for instance that was allotted a one-and-half hour slot at HICC (Hall-2) did not take off at all. Though enquiries confirmed that the meet (listed in the side event calendar handed out to delegates on Day 1) was shelved, organisers failed to furnish a reason for the same. \"All the events that are mentioned in the calendar are not happening. The final schedule is up on the website and you should only refer to that,\" said a representative of MCI Management Pvt Ltd, the professional conference organsiers of the event. . Local organising groups at the site preferred to wash their hands off the matter completely and instead passed the buck on UN officials. \"It is being managed by the CBD ( Convention on Biological Diversity) members directly. We have no clue,\" a representative of a local firm said.In fact of the 19 events that were originally listed for the 1.15 pm-2.45 pm slot, only a dozen finally found space on the schedule. Even among those, there were a few that were replaced with other discussions for reasons not known to anybody.\"There is no clarity on what is happening where,\" a group of foreign delegates were overheard saying while also complaining about the long delays. Almost all events of the day were running 15-20 minutes behind schedule.The technical glitches too were hard to miss. If the live streaming screens at the media centre were dysfunctional for good part of the day, the microphones in use during the convention sessions were found 'acting up'. In fact, delegates also seemed a little put off with the quality of translators at the high-level meet who seemed to struggle with their job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746044", "title": "HC judge becomes MP Chief Justice", "text": "MUMBAI: Justice Sharad Arvind Bobde of the Bombay HC has been elevated to the post of Chief Justice of the Madhya Pradesh high court. He will be sworn in on October 16 in Bhopal.Justice Bobde (56) passed important orders in the Adarsh case before recusing himself. As a part of a Nagpur bench, he held that the government would have to pay compensation even when a tiger caused damage to property, livelihood or life. Born in Nagpur, Justice Bobde studied law there before joining the bar in 1978. He practised in the HC and Supreme Court before he worked as a judge in the high court for 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "16745317", "title": "25-year-old woman found dead on railway tracks", "text": "GULBARGA: Bhagyashree, a BE graduate, allegedly committed suicide by jumping in front of a train at Koranti Hanuman mandir in the city on Tuesday. Bhagyashree, 25, who was missing since Monday evening was found on the railway track on Tuesday morning. Her parents are clueless as to what pushed their daughter to take the extreme step.M B Lingappa, Bhagyashree's father and an engineer with the Sedam zilla panchayat, said that his daughter had taken the bank exams last Sunday and there were no problems at home for her to take her life. Bhagyashree worked in Bangalore for a year but returned to Gulbarga last year. She was keen to take up banking and was preparing for it.Lingappa says that Bhagyashree went out on Monday evening. When she did not return, they called up their relatives thinking that she may have visited one of them. \"But this morning we got the shock of our lives when we heard that her body was found on the railway track,\" her father said. Wadi railway police have registered the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747197", "title": "School to expel four drunk boys", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The management of Gyan Deep Model High School in Sector 20 has decided to expel the four students who were found inebriated in the classroom on Monday. They will not get any second chance, neither is counselling them an option, according to school authorities.Principal S Deswal believes that counselling would have a meager effect on the errant pupils and that these students often bunked classes and came late for studies.\"The counsellor could help them for some time but we would expel them eventually\". The errant students did not attend classes on Tuesday.Meanwhile, DPI (schools) Upkar Singh said the department would take action only when the police report arrives.\"It is not to punish these students but we need to make sure others don't get involved in such wrong doings,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16745022", "title": "Cops flout rules, lodge minor boys in Jewar jail", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: On September 30, Noida police had organized a meeting with the district Child Welfare Commision (CWC) to sensitize and educate officers about different laws pertaining to children. However, 10 days later, three minor boys accused of theft were kept overnight in a prison at Jewar police station violating the provisions related to juvenile delinquents.According to the police, these three minor boys were accused of stealing from a government hospital on Kaanigadi road in Jewar. \"The complaint about the theft was made by the hospital's pharmacist, Sohan Lal,\" said a police officer.Police said they had taken into custody the three boys - aged 17, 14, and 13 - from the Saliyaan region of Jewar. \"The three confessed to their crimes and also said that they had sold the stolen medical equipment to a shopkeeper,\" said the police.According to sources, even though the three boys were kept overnight in the prison on Sunday, the shopkeeper who was also brought into custody was released by the evening. \"The children were kept in a small lockup in the Jewar Kotwali and they were not released or sent for observation as per the norms of the Juvenile Justice Act,\" said a CWC official.In spite of the numerous measures taken by Noida police to decrease the number of crimes committed by children as well as against them, it seems that there is still a long way to go before these measures are successful. \"The Gautam Budh Nagar police has created a special juvenile police unit (SJPU), who are specially appointed officers at each police station to look after cases involving children,\" said a senior police official. The wing was reconstituted soon after an advisory was released by the Union ministry of home affairs with regard to trafficking of children.Senior officers said the matter will be investigated. \"A thorough investigation into the matter will be undertaken and if any police officer is found guilty, then adequate action will be taken against him,\" said Ashok Sharma, SP (Rural).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745602", "title": "Snow leopard in Kolkata today en route to Darjeeling", "text": "KOLKATA: After African Lion cubs, it's the turn of a snow leopard to take a flight to Kolkata. On Wednesday evening, the full-grown female phantom cat aged 5 and weighing 75-80 kg will touch down at Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport in a Lufthansa freighter. The leopard will be travelling from Nurnberg Zoo in south Germany to Kolkata en route to their new home at the Padmaja Naidu Himalayan Zoological Park in Darjeeling.\"We are importing a snow leopard as part of the ongoing project on conservation breeding in captivity. The project that started in 1986, when a pair of unrelated snow leopards were flown in from Zurich Zoo via London , has hit a hurdle as all eight leopards that we have at present are inter-related, and hence, not suitable for breeding. Thus, we needed to get an unrelated female leopard from elsewhere to continue the programme,\" zoo director Alankar Jha said.The Snow Leopard Breeding Project has been one of the most successful and only breeding programmes of the species in South-East Asia. In last 20 years, 40 snow leopards were born in captivity at the zoo. In 2003, the zoo gifted a pair of male and female snow leopards each to Nainital and Shimla zoo and three animals to Gangtok zoo.The zoo in Darjeeling, one of the best in India and among only three to get membership from the prestigious World Aquarium &amp; Zoo Association (Nandan Kanan in Orissa and Delhi Zoo are the other two), regularly participates in animal and bird exchange programmes internationally. In 2008, the zoo received four blue sheep and six wild goats (Himalayan Tahr) from Okinawa zoo in Japan. In 2010, it imported a female red panda from Auckland and gave a red panda to the zoo in New Zealand. Last year, it received the first tranche of exotic birds crimson horned pheasant (Satyr Tragopan) and crimson bellied pheasant (Temminck Tragopan) from Scotland . The remaining birds are expected next month.In December, the zoo hopes to exchange a male red panda for a female one with a zoo in Australia.Jha said the zoo had placed a request for a snow leopard before the International Stud Book Keeper of the species at Helsinki , Finland . The latter decides which animal will go where to prevent inter-breeding or in-breeding. Once the Darjeeling zoo authorities were informed that the snow leopard would arrive from Nurnberg, they contacted the German counterparts.\"The leopard will be securely transported in International Air Transport Association-approved containers. Though feeding will not be required during the flight, after it arrives in Kolkata, the zoo's leopard-keeper and vetenarian may decide on whether to administer food and water before we commence the onward journey,\" the director said, adding that the leopard will travel unaccompanied from Germany and then escorted by him along with other zoo staff to its new home. in cooler climes of Darjeeling.Nurnberg zoo will partly foot its Rs 1.5 lakh travel bill.However, the 634km journey from Kolkata to Darjeeling will have to be undertaken by road as Air India has not responded to the zoo's request for airlifting the precious cargo and Jet Airways has refused, arguing that it has permission to carry only dogs and cats in cargo hold of passenger flights. In June, five lion cubs en route to Jamshedpur zoo from National Zoological Garden in Pretoria , South Africa , arrived in a Singapore Airlines passenger flight without any trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16749286", "title": "Bill Clinton endorses NRI Ami Bera for US Congress", "text": "WASHINGTON: Dr Ami Bera , the Indian-American Democratic Party candidate from a Congressional seat in California, received a big boost to his electoral ambition as he was endorsed by the charismatic former US President Bill Clinton .Clinton's endorsement to Bera and three other candidates came at a public meeting in University of California Davis which was attended by thousands of people.At the recently concluded Democratic National Convention , Clinton had nominated Barack Obama , as the party's nominee for November 6 presidential elections.\"The four people I'm on the stage with -- two in Congress, two trying to get there -- each in their own way, they represent the American dream. They prove that a commitment to shared prosperity works better than 'trickle down',\" Clinton said in his address to the thousands of people, with Bera on the stage with the former president.\"The four people on the stage with me are dedicated to your future. The President is dedicated to your future. They know that we can build a new American prosperity in the 21st century. But it's a long hard road and we have to do the smart thing. We have to do it together. It all begins with you,\" Clinton said.Bera, who is contesting from California's 7th Congressional District, tweeted after the rally: \"Honored to share the stage with Pres.Clinton. It was a great event!\"The seat is seen by political experts as one of the nation's most competitive.Parents of Bera, 45, immigrated to the US from India over 50 years ago.\"Fired up after President Clinton's speech? It's time to volunteer for our grassroots campaign in CA07,\" he again tweeted.Last week, Bera was endorsed by Sacramento Bee; the largest newspaper of the area.\"Bera has several qualities that would make him an able representative,\" the endorsement read.If elected, Bera would be only the third Indian American to ever be the member of the US House of Representatives after Dalip Singh Saund and Bobby Jindal.In addition to Bera, four other Indian-Americans are in the fray for the Congress.They are Upendra Chivukula from New Jersey, Ranjit 'Rikky' Gill from California; Dr Manan Trivedi from Pennsylvania and Dr Syed Taj from Michigan.Of these all are from the Democratic Party, except for Gill who is from the Republican Party.He has earned the endorsement of top Republican leaders including Jeb Bush, the former Governor or Florida, and Nikki Haley , the Governor of South Carolina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746308", "title": "Lokayukta seeks nod to prosecute MP IAS couple", "text": "BHOPAL: The Lokyaukta's special police establishment (SPE) on Tuesday sought state sanction for prosecution of suspended IAS couple Arvind Joshi and Tinoo Joshi in the disproportionate asset case.\"We have sent the file seeking permission for prosecution of the couple to the law department. The chargeshet will be put up against them as soon as the sanction is accorded,\" said a Lokayukta official wishing anonymity. The remaining 16 co-accused in the case will be also chargesheeted along with them, he said.According to the SPE's investigation, Joshi couple own properties worth nearly Rs 43 crores which is 3151% more than their known source of income.While the IAS couple has been charged under 13 (1(e) and 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, 15 others including Arvind's father H M Joshi, mother Namrata Joshi, sisters Abha and Vibha, associates S P Kohli, his wife and son, Pawan Agrawal, Sridev Sharma, Delhi based stamp vendor Raj Rani, insurance agent Seema Jaiswal, Bharti Varshanay, and property broker Pradeep Jain, have being charged under Section 109 (instigation) and Section 120 (conspiracy) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746227", "title": "Four more test positive for H1N1", "text": "BHOPAL: After a lull during the previous week, four patients tested positive for swine flu in the state capital on Tuesday. Test reports of 10 samples of suspected H1N1 cases were pending with the ICMR laboratory in Jabalpur.The district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) said the four new positive cases of swine flu are residents of Rajgarh, Raisen, Ashok Nagar and Sehore.\"The condition of the four is considered critical. It includes three girls,\" said CMHO Dr Pankaj Shukla. Three girls are admitted in private paediatric hospital are quarantined.More dengue cases in Bhopal: Two more persons tested positive for dengue here on Tuesday. District malaria office (DMO) claimed patients are undergoing treatment in the hospital and their condition is stable. Health officials said a 12-year-old girl tested positive for dengue. \"She was tested with a dengue fever rapid test kit. Another test would be conducted at DMO laboratory,\" said a health official. If confirmed, it would be first resident of Bhopal to test positive this season. Another confirmed case of dengue was a 45-year-old man, resident of Harda, who was admitted to a city hospital on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16748887", "title": "SoBo five star booked for Saifeena wedding", "text": "Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor may choose to stay mum on it, but their wedding is definitely taking place this month. At least the Daawat, we know for sure, has been scheduled for October 18 in Pataudi.And now, TOI has learnt that the days leading up to the reception will also be full of celebrations. In fact, the actors, who are known to frequent a south Mumbai five star - the place where Saif had his infamous 'brawl', have booked the hotel for the wedding functions.\"They have booked the hotel from October 13 to 17 for the various functions that are to beheld before their wedding day,\" an insider told TOI.We learnt that the security of the hotel has also been strengthened for those days.Interestingly, according to the insider, Saif and Kareena have also booked another south Mumbai five star and a Juhu hotel for the same dates. \"Perhaps they want to divert media attention. Or maybe theyjustwanttoputuptheirguests in the hotels ,\" said the insider.As for the preparations in Pataudi, a Gurgaon hotel has already been booked, said the insider. \"They have also arranged to land on a helipad nearby,\" added the insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745331", "title": "President no more \u2018His Excellency\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Relegating words like 'His Excellency' to history, President Pranab Mukherjee has approved a new set of protocol to be used in greetings, invitations and addressing VIPs in the country.While 'honourable' will stay as a term of reference for the President and governors, 'His Excellency' has been turfed out. Besides, Mukherjee has also directed authorities to organize government functions for him within the Rashtrapati Bhavan premises in order to reduce the burden on police and the inconvenience caused to people. TOI had reported recently how the President was reviewing the protocol to make it more people friendly.In a statement on Tuesday, the President's office said, \"Use of the words 'His Excellency' will be discontinued while organizing functions within the country and during interaction between Indian dignitaries and the President. In Hindi, 'Rashtrapati Mahoday' should be used in place of 'Mahamahim' during such occasions.\"Mukherjee, after reviewing current protocol practices, also directed that the word 'Hon'ble' will be used before the title of 'President' or 'governor'. The traditional Indian greeting of 'Shri' or 'Smt' should precede the name.'Excellency' will be used only for interaction of leaders with foreign dignitaries as is customary international practice, the statement said. It has also been decided that the word 'Rashtrapati Ji' will replace 'Mahamahim' in official notings in the President's secretariat.Officials said all changes in protocol practice, which have been conveyed to the ministry of home affairs for further action, will be implemented with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745863", "title": "No decision yet on LPG cylinder quota", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens in Maharashtra will have to wait longer for that extra-subsidized LPG cylinder. While the Congress high command has instructed the government to increase the subsidized quota to nine cylinders from six, the state cabinet is yet to take a final decision on the matter.The issue was discussed during the pre-cabinet meeting on Tuesday, but it never came up during the cabinet meeting. \"No decision has been taken on the cooking gas issue. The moment the government takes a final call on the LPG issue, media will be informed about it,\" said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.\"There are 1.71 crore families which consume nearly five crore cylinders. The state will incur a burden of approximately Rs 2,400 crore if it decides to give nine LPG cylinders at subsidized rates. The government is debating whether the benefit should be passed to all consumers or only to BPL families,\" said a Congress minister. \"The other reason for the delay in the decision is the code of conduct which is currently in force for the October 21 gram panchayat polls. If the government makes any announcement, then Opposition parties may term it as an effort to appease voters,\" the minister added.Asked whether the alliance partner NCP which holds crucial financial portfolio is putting hurdles for the state Congress to implement the High command's decision, Chavan like seasoned politician dogged the query.The UPA in its recent economic reforms had announced an annual six-cylinder cap on subsidized cylinder for every family. But later the Congress has asked its state government to provide three additional cooking gas cylinders at subsidized rate, taking the total number of subsidized LPG to nine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/london", "code": "16745604", "title": "Indian-origin scientist finds black hole cluster", "text": "NEW DELHI/LONDON: Billions of kilometers beyond the constellation of Virgo, a zoo of monster blackholes has been discovered by a Cambridge team led by Manda Banerji, an Indian-origin scientist. Radiation, hitherto not quite taken into account, is reaching the earth as a result of earlier unidentified black holes in what astronomers call the \"early universe\".The discovery has shaken up the scientific world because never has such a collection of monster blackholes remained hidden for so long. The research estimates that there are at least 400 blackholes in the cluster which is 11 billion light years away. Fiercely swirling giant clouds of thick dust had surrounded the blackhole zoo till Banerji's team penetrated it with a cutting edge infrared telescope.\"These results could have a significant impact on studies of supermassive black holes,\" said Banerji, lead author of the paper which has been published in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society. \"Although these black holes have been studied for some time, the new results indicate that some of the most massive ones may have so far been hidden from our view,\" Banerji added.The zoo contains a monster black hole that has more than 10 billion times the mass of the Sun and 10,000 times the mass of the supermassive black hole in our own Milky Way, making it one of the most massive black holes ever seen.\"Most black holes of this kind are seen through the matter they drag in. As the neighbouring material spirals in towards the black holes, it heats up. Astronomers are able to see this radiation and observe these systems,\" Banerji explained.The significance of this discovery lies in the fact that that now scientists will have to take a second look at many dust obscured corners of the Universe searching for hidden blackholes.The newly discovered monster blackhole has been dubbed ULASJ1234+0907 by the scientists. It is one of the reddest objects in the sky. The red colour comes from the surrounding dust which preferentially absorbs bluer light and allows only light in the red region to escape.Supermassive black holes are now known to reside at the centres of all galaxies. Scientists think that they grow through violent collisions with other galaxies, which trigger the formation of stars and provides food for the black holes to devour. These violent collisions also produce dust within the galaxies. The dust is ultimately sucked in by the immense force of the blackhole's gravitational attraction.Relatively nearer than the blackhole discovered by Banerji is the previously studied Markarian 231, located 600 million light years from Earth. Rings of gas and dust can be seen around it as well as \"tidal tails\" left over from a recent impact with another galaxy.Banerji is currently working on how galaxies and quasars evolve, using visible light as well as infra-red and submillimeter wavelengths of light. She completed her PhD on Galaxies in the Distant Universe in 2009 at University College London under Prof Ofer Lahav.Prof Richard McMahon, co-author of the study, told the Royal Astronomy Society: \"These results are particularly exciting because they show that our new infrared surveys are finding super massive black holes that are invisible in optical surveys.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16744838", "title": "Trevor Bayliss chooses KKR over Sydney Sixers for CLT20", "text": "KOLKATA: It is not just some players, but even coaches who have opted for foreign outfits at the expense of their 'home' teams in the Champions League Twenty20 tournament that kicked off in South Africa on Tuesday.Yes, Aussie coach Trevor Bayliss will be sitting in the dugout of Kolkata Knight Riders during their CLT20 campaign in South Africa, and not that of Sydney Sixers.Bayliss, who guided KKR to their maiden Indian Premier League (IPL) title in the 2012 edition earlier this year, also coached Sydney Sixers who have qualified for the CLT20 by virtue of winning the Big Bash League in Australia.As far as international cricketers are concerned, nine of them \u2014 including World T20-winning West Indian trio Dwayne Bravo , Kieron Pollard and Sunil Narine \u2014 have chosen to play for their respective IPL franchises instead of their home teams.CSK's Bravo, however, will miss the tournament because of an injury. He has been replaced in the squad by Sri Lanka's Nuwan Kulasekara.Incidentally Australian pacer Brett Lee , too, has opted to play for KKR instead his home team Sydney Sixers. In the absence of Bayliss, his assistant Corey Richards will be in charge of the Sydney side for this meet.Yorkshire, too have been allowed a change of personnel after Jonny Bairstow pulled out with an injured wrist. His place has gone to 18 year old left-handed wicketkeeper batsman, Ed Wilson.KKR have been placed in Group A.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747183", "title": "CM for setting up of corpus fund for pvt witnesses", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday ordered the state vigilance bureau to create a corpus fund of Rs 10 lakh that will ensure attendance of private witness in different cases. The corpus fund will take care of the expenses incurred in the attendance of private witness in the courts.Officials at the CM's secretariat said it was noticed that very often private witness don't turn up for deposition in courts. \"Most of the time they stayed away because they were not getting travel allowances from the vigilance bureau,\" said an official adding that they expect that this will help in ensuring presence of private witness in courts.The CM also sanctioned Rs 10 crore each for the districts of Dhanbad, Dumka , Deogarh , Godda , Pakur , Jamtara and Sahebganj from the state plan. The funds will be used for construction of basic infrastructure in remote areas of these districts. All the seven districts are out of the Centre sponsored Integrated Action Plan as presence of Maoists is very low when compared to other places. To improve connectivity in the state, the CM approved the proposal of road construction department for construction of bridges at 13 places. He approved around Rs 44.93 lakh for preparation of DPR for the 13 bridges.A proposal for construction of a modern conference hall at the state secretariat in Ranchi and outdoor shooting facility (film city) at Patratu in Ramgarh, was also approved by the CM. The film city is expected to boost production of regional films. He also ordered that out of 466 assistants, 394 assistants may be promoted to section officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745574", "title": "Panel proposes to reinstate sacked employees in Haldia", "text": "KOLKATA: The committee set up by Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) on Thursday to try and resolve the crisis at Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) submitted its report on Monday.The primary recommendation of the committee is that Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd considers the reinstatement of the 275 workers retrenched by it recently from berths 2 and 4. The company will also allow two surplus Mobile Harbour Cranes (MHC) from berths 2 and 4 to be used for mechanised operations at berth 4B. Cargo at this berth will not be handled by HBT, but by other operators for which the royalty payable to KoPT will be decided upon.\"HBT will consider reinstating the 275 retrenched employees as the other stakeholders are firm in the opinion that no exit from the present imbroglio is possible without that. HBT, considering the request of other stakeholders, agreed to place the issue with their board for reconsideration. Two stand-by MHCs may be shifted to berth 4B for improving the utilization percentage of the equipment and also to create immediate facility for increase in cargo handling at this berth apart from improving the productivity. The shore handling at these berths will be continued by the Cargo Handling agencies,\" the committee has recommended.The HBT management, however, claimed that these recommendations were unilaterally drawn up without any discussions among all the parties. A senior official claimed that the recommendations seem to be a 'carefully orchestrated move to corner HBT'. The company has taken no decision on reinstatement of the 275 workers. \"We are ready to resume work at berths 2 and 8 of HDC. All we seek is an assurance of an environment that will ensure that our workers can work without any hindrance,\" said Gurpreet Malhi, CEO, HBT.The committee comprising port managers S N Chaubey, S Bagchi and D Nayak has pointed out that the handling agents and HBT will have to develop appropriate synergies for bringing more cargo to HDC, which will add revenue to everyone concerned. KOPT will extend all possible support within the ambit of existing regulations.HBT has also been requested to sort out issues between it and the labour supplier for smooth working of cargo operations.Some of the issues recommended above would need to be vetted legally and thereafter amendments required to the contract between KOPT and ABG-LDA (the consortium that owns HBT) may be required to be done with the approval of appropriate authority in the interest of HDC, KOPT, trade and industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745629", "title": "IAS ex-officer\u2019s wife robbed at CR Park", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 79-year-old woman residing alone in Pocket 40 of CR Park was tied, gagged and slapped by unidentified robbers in the early hours of Tuesday. Although the woman managed to raise an alarm, the robbers allegedly escaped with jewellery and cash worth lakhs before help arrived.Senior officers of southeast district said Archana Chakroborty, wife of former IAS officer SK Chakroborty, has stayed at the house for the last several years. Her son, a writer, and her married daughter live in Gurgaon. \"The robbers scaled the wall and cut through a glass window before opening the main door lock and entering the house. They entered Archana's bedroom located on the ground floor around 3 am,\" said an officer.Archana was first gagged and then tied up. \"She is a strong woman. She still drives a car. Her vigorous struggle surprised the robbers. While they struggled to open the almirahs, she strained and managed to reach an alarm bell beside her bed that rings in the servant's quarters upstairs. Her caretaker reacted instantly and came rushing down raising an alarm. The robbers got confused and fled immediately,'' said the officer, adding that the bell saved her life. Archana, who is registered with the police's senior citizen cell, had got the bell installed recently.The caretaker informed a neighbour, who then called the police. At Max Hospital in Saket, doctors said Archana's condition was stable and she fell ill due to breathlessness.Police believe an insider is involved in the crime. \"The house was recently whitewashed and we believe there is a link to the crime. All people who have access to this house are being questioned. A few have been detained,'' said a police officer.Police have expressed dissatisfaction with the colony's security system. \"There are at least 12 guards who roam the colony at night. Just one main gate is kept open for residents. Several CCTV cameras too are installed across the colony. Under such circumstances, it is surprising that the robbers got away,'' said an investigator. He added that the robbers are visible in a few CCTV grabs but their features are not clear.The Kalkaji police have registered a case of robbery and are further investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746257", "title": "Youths will take cause ahead: Anna Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare has said he has hopes from youths to take forward the cause of the Lokpal bill and create awareness among the masses about the importance of the bill, the provision of the right to reject and the right to recall.He said he planned to remain in touch with the youths who wish to participate in the movement. In his latest blog, Hazare has said he will remain in touch through internet, e-mail and social media website like Facebook.Hazare has appealed to the youths who wish to join the movement to email their contact details, including mobile number and email ids, to joinbvja@gmail.com or call on phone numbers 02488-240401/240010 or write in to Ralegansiddhi, Tal - Parner, Dist - Ahmednagar, Pincode 414302.Hazare said, \"Communication with youths will help chalk out future plans and programmes regarding the movement. It will also help to plan training workshops for them.\"He further said he plans to tour the country for the next one and half years to educate people and bring about awareness. He said it was important to give a thought as to how people's power should keep control over the government. \"People have forgotten that their power is stronger than the government's,\" he said.Hazare said it was possible that people's pressure could get the Lokpal bill passed before 2014. However, the battle to bring about complete transformation will be long drawn and will go on for many years.He also said the government should bear the election expenses and the funds received by political parties for elections should be passed on to the government treasury, since it is actually people's money. \"This will help put control on funds and contributions given to political parties. There is a need for a nation-wide agitation to press for this demand,\" Hazare added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16745230", "title": "State government to take over Tipu's fort", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The state government will take over the Tipu Sultan fort at Feroke for scientific conservation, said director of archaeology, J Reji Kumar.The decision was taken on the basis of an interim order issued by the Kerala high court. Though the fort was declared a heritage site in 1991, the conservation was not carried out owing to legal issues. \"The department is planning to conduct exploration and scientific conservation of the fort,'' said Reji Kumar.District collector K V Mohankumar said that he would submit a report to the state government within a week regarding the handing over of seven acres, where the fort was situated.A team, including district panchayat member Sarasu Kodamana and Feroke cultural co-ordination committee chairman Kodiveetill Gopi, visited the fort on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16747364", "title": "Peace returns to BHU campus; police, varsity officials trade charges", "text": "VARANASI: Though peace returned to the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) campus on Tuesday, the university proctorial board has seemingly landed in troubled waters on Tuesday. The district police issued a notice to the university for changing the uniform of proctorial board personnel while the role of chief proctor and proctorial board personnel has also come under scanner in Sunday night incident of assaulting students of Birla hostel.The atmosphere in the varsity had turned tense after an incident of assault on Birla hostel inmates allegedly by the varsity proctorial board personnel on Sunday night. After which, a group of students indulged in violence and arson and also staged massive demonstration by keeping the main gate of BHU closed on Monday.To normalize the situation, ADM (City) M P Singh and SP (City) S K Singh intervened and organised talks between the agitating students and chief proctor H C S Rathore in their presence. During the discussions, the students demanded resignation of the chief proctor and dean of students and sought assurance that no action would be initiated against any student.After it, vice-chancellor Prof Lalji Singh convened a meeting with university officials in which he constituted a four-member committee to probe into the matter. However, when registrar V K Kumra, director of Institute of Medical Science T M Mohapatra, chairman of PPP cell Rajesh Singh, chief proctor H C S Rathore and other officials held a joint press conference to inform the reporters regarding the decision taken at VC's meeting late in the evening on Monday, they denied disclosing the name of probe committee members by mentioning interesting reason.These officials were of the view that disclosing the names of committee members would lead to unfair practices like mounting pressure on them.Not only this, but when Kumra was fixing time limit of 10 days to complete the probe, one of the officials intervened and asked him not to fix any time limit. Rathore reiterated that the police and not the proctorial board personnel had assaulted the Birla hostel inmates. However, when he was asked why the proctorial board members stood idle when the main gate of varsity was closed by students, he replied, \"It was a law and order problem and proctorial board could not initiate any action against the demonstrators as it has no power to use force. The district administration officials and police were standing outside the gate but despite repeated request, no help was provided to us.\"Rathore said that an FIR had been lodged with the Lanka police by the proctorial board in this episode. On the question of whether any separate complaint had been given to police in the case of allegation being leveled by a warden that some youths tried to torch him during the agitation, Rathore denied that any separate complaint had been given in this regard.Contrary to the claims of Rahore, SSP B D Paulson on Tuesday made it very clear that not the police but university proctorial board personnel had assaulted the students inside the Birla hostel on Sunday night as the police can enter the varsity campus after seeking permission of VC only.Appreciating the role of his subordinates and officials of district administration that helped in restoring peace, he said that he was keeping sharp vigil on the entire episode and he along with district magistrate Saurabh Babu had also met the VC on Monday evening. He said that the VC was advised to take note of the role of chief proctor seriously.Paulson said that the uniform of proctorial board matches with that to the police, due to which confusion was created. Keeping the fact in view, he said, he had issued a notice to the university to change the uniform. He said that apart from the proctorial board, the students had also given a complaint to police and the police would investigate the case by keeping the complaints of both parties in view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746054", "title": "HC to hear Centre\u2019s plea challenging warrant against secretary", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) in Mumbai has issued a bailable warrant against R S Gujral, who, till August this year, was secretary revenue in the central finance ministry, and is now secretary, expenditure. The warrant was issued recently to secure Gujral's presence before the tribunal in connection with a case filed by Nitish Ray, a 78-year-old retired joint commissioner, Customs &amp; Central Excise, over his promotion as additional commissioner based on a government order in 2002.Ray had retired in the mid-1990s but moved the CAT in 2010 for his \"rightful post dues\" as his lawyer Sandeep Marne said. The tribunal passed orders in March 2011, accepting Ray's petition. But when the government failed to implement its orders for over a year, Ray filed for contempt in June this year. The tribunal directed Gujral to appear in person on October 3 and when he failed to do so, issued the bailable warrant. But between June and October, the Centre moved the Bombay HC to challenge the March 2011 CAT order. On September 24, the HC gave the government liberty to comply with the tribunal's order in six weeks.On October 3, the government lawyer V S Masurkar argued that Gujral was under the impression that he need not appear since the HC had passed orders giving the ministry six weeks to consider Ray's case.The tribunal said, \"The respondent was conscious of the fact that he had to appear to explain why action for contempt should not be initiated against him.''The tribunal has sought a compliance report from Gujral within a week.On Tuesday, the Centre moved the Bombay HC to challenge the bailable warrant on the grounds that the CAT order was \"illegal\" as the HC had already passed orders giving six weeks to the Centre. Besides, it said Gujral had vacated the post and was now a secretary of another department. In the interim, the government filed a report, saying it had considered Ray's case and had rejected it as he was held ineligible for promotion.CAT refused to recall its order of bailable warrant and posted the matter for further hearing on October 15. Now with the government rushing to HC, the HC bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani on Tuesday said it would hear the matter on October 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746067", "title": "Man caught trying to steal SUV", "text": "MUMBAI: A 27-year-old man has been arrested after he was caught red-handed trying to steal an SUV of a businessman from Mankhurd.Last on Sunday, when Mohammed Khan (27) stepped out of his house in Mankhurd to check on his vehicle, he spotted the accused, Praveen Ghadi, and two of his accomplices seated in his SUV, trying to drive away in it. As Khan raised an alarm, the accomplices managed to flee, but Ghadi was nabbed. He was later handed over to the Mankhurd police.During inquiry, the police learnt that the gang had stolen over 50 vehicles in the city in the past nine years. \"A driver by profession, Ghadi stays at Radhakrishna Apartment in Nalasopara. He was caught while attempting to steal Khan's vehicle that was parked outside his residence in a Mhada Colony at Mankhurd,\" said senior inspector Shankar Singh Rajput. The police said Ghadi alone had stolen over 12 vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16746276", "title": "System's loaded against commuters", "text": "Consumer rights activists and commuters have been demanding for some time that the transport department first remove all the irregularities, including rigged mechanical meters, before effecting a hike. Unfortunately, this has not happened, which has led to a situation where commuters will end up being fleeced more. The government's job is to give a level playing field to the service provider and the consumer. Anything else and the government is failing in its duty.Related story:  Rigged meters to raise fares by 60 per cent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16745510", "title": "Samaikya's 'bus yatra' foiled", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Yet another attempt by the Samaikyandhra students JAC to make a road trip to Hyderabad was foiled by the police here on Tuesday. The Samaikyandhra AU students JAC led by convener Adari Kishore Kumar set off on its proposed road trip to Hyderabad from Seethampeta Durga Ganapati temple. However, they were halted by the IV town police, who took all the 18 agitators into custody at 10.40 am after seizing the bus in which they were travelling.An upset Kishore Kumar questioned the intent of the police and local administration. \"Why are we being targeted by the police when our intention in going to Hyderabad is to have a peaceful debate with people of varying views\", he asked. He added that they showed their displeasure by protesting at the IV town police station. Kumar pointed out that they would go ahead with their plan to meet and hold a debate with the Telangana protagonists and also conduct a convention with public representatives including the MIM, with whom, Kishore said, the JAC was in touch with.Despite their attempts being thwarted repeatedly by the authorities, the Samaikyandhra activists are keen on going to Hyderabad and noted that they would conduct a full-fledged public meeting in Visakhapatnam on October 13 to show the support their movement had garnered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16747071", "title": "BSF official injured in Imphal blast", "text": "IMPHAL: Rebels on Tuesday morning triggered a powerful IED explosion, injuring a BSF deputy commandant in the Luwangsangbam area near a territorial army camp in Imphal East district.The BSF officer, Lima T Ao from Nagaland , was travelling in a jeep near Koirengei along National Highway 2 when the IED planted at the road median exploded around 10am, sources said.Belonging to a BSF unit stationed in Nagaland, the officer received minor splinter injuries on his left hand and ear, while the impact of the bomb severely damaged the lower portion of the jeep occupied by him.Police officers, who rushed to the spot, believed that the attackers might have used a remote control device to detonate the bomb.The injured BSF officer was immediately given first aid at a BSF unit in Koeirengei, after which he was referred to the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) Hospital, sources said, adding that police have begun a probe into the incident. Following the incident, security has been beefed up in and around the area.No militant group has claimed responsibility for the attack till the time of filing this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745354", "title": "Experts call for harmonisation of laws", "text": "HYDERABAD: A global consortium on protection of indigenous communities pitched for legal reforms at CoP-11 on Tuesday aiming at harmonisation of conflicting laws in order to ensure the protection of the rights of local people while conserving biodiversity.Experts taking part in a side event on 'indigenous peoples' and local communities' conserved territories and areas' (ICCAs)' felt it was important to protect the collective rights of local communities while rolling out strategic plans to halt the loss of biodiversity. Discussing the recommendations made by the ICCA consortium, comprising global NGOs, the experts pushed the governments to improve implementation of legislation by horomonising laws and undertaking institutional reforms. \"While collective rights over land, water, and natural resources, and individual rights of the indigenous communities are two different issues to look at, protection of the collective rights is important and the governments must move in the direction and form laws reconciling with the indigenous cultures,\" said Gazzia Bozzini Feyerabend, global coordinator of ICCA consortium.Illustrating Philippines' experience where the mining lobbies are getting an upper hand thanks to conflicting laws of the land, a delegate from the country explained how the natural resources were being despoiled in a legal way. . \"According to the constitution of the country, all land is owned by the state and mineral resources also belong to the state. While the mining companies are exploiting the minerals and causing biodiversity loss under the cover of Mines Act, Indigenous People Rights Act has been pushed back.\" Neema Pathak Broome, a member of Kalpavriksh, a Pune-based NGO, said legislation on fresh water conservation was lagging in the country. \"In India, there is a need for formation of laws aiming at conserving fresh water and marine biodiversity, while we have many laws for forest conservation,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747285", "title": "Namma Metro takes detour around statue", "text": "BANGALORE: With the state government procrastinating over the issue of temporarily shifting the Dr B R Ambedkar statue in the Vidhana Soudha premises for Metro rail work, the BMRC has decided to implement Plan B. This envisages an angular deviation of the twin tunnels from the original alignment. All this will hopefully speed up work on the underground station in front of the Karnataka High Court.The government has not taken any decision on relocating the statue in the face of stiff resistance from Dalit groups. However, statues of Jawaharlal Nehru and Subhash Chandra Bose were relocated long ago. BMRC officials said eight months have been lost due to the dithering by the government.\"The first idea was to shift all three statues and bore tunnels under the Ambedkar Veedhi. That was the best technology and cost-effective idea. But to make the project socially successful, we have switched at the right time to the second best cost-effective plan. It did throw up technical challenges but we're ready to meet them,\" said N Sivasailam, MD, BMRC. He said cost escalation can't be quantified now.BMRC sources said Plan B may reduce the size of the entrance to the station from the Vidhana Soudha side. The approach on the other side entrance will be longer than planned earlier.The statue stands on the spot above the underground Vidhana Soudha station. The delay in the decision had resulted in no work being taken up around the statue, though work on the station and approach tunnels is on in full swing.The BMRC had sought the shifting of the statue as it feared blasting for underground work could cause it damage. The Plan B's angular deviation of tunnels will ensure the statue and its foundation will remain safe and secure, they added.Rocky terrain hinders HelenThe first tunnel boring machine Helen is fast approaching the station site from MS Building. It has covered 504 metres from Central College station. Hard rock under MS Buildings slowed down its progress, requiring frequent replacement of cutter edges and blades. BMRC cannot predict when Helen will show up at Vidhana Soudha. Margarita, the other TBM, is proceeding to KR Circle and has covered a little more than 200 metres from Central College station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16745255", "title": "TP murder case transferred to Kozhikode court", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Vadakara judicial first class magistrate has committed the T P Chandrasekharan murder case to Kozhikode district and sessions court. Magistrate M Shuhaib transferred the case to the higher court as the procedures in the magistrate court had been completed.The principal sessions judge, Kozhikode, will take a decision on the court where the case will come up for trial. The principal sessions judge himself can try the case or will forward the case to some other court.Sources said there was very little chance for setting up a special court for the trial. \"If the charges are framed by the court and the schedule fixed, trial can be finished within months,\" a source said.Meanwhile, Vadakara magistrate rejected the bail pleas of the accused, including P K Kunhanandan and K C Ramachandran. The accused argued that the chargesheet in the case was incomplete. But the court accepted the prosecution stand that only the larger conspiracy behind the case needed to be investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16745252", "title": "Special drive to recover bad loans", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district consultative committee for banking development, which met on Tuesday, has decided to roll out a one-time settlement drive for bad loans in all taluks in the district from October 28 onwards.The banks would consider waiving penal interests during the onetime settlement drive, which will be held for a one month period.Inaugurating the meeting, MLA Purushan Kadalundi has called upon the banks to introduce uniform guidelines for the disbursement of educational loans for students who had secured admissions under the management quota.As per the figures presented at the meeting, banks in the district have disbursed educational loans worth Rs 829 crore to 27,623 students as on June 2012. During the first quarter of the current financial year, the banks have granted educational loans amounting to Rs 54 crore to 985 students.Lead district manager, O Raveendran said that banks had disbursed loans worth Rs 2,348 crore during the first quarter of this financial year, which constituted 39% of the annual target of Rs 5,984 crore. The agricultural loans and other priority sectors amounted to Rs 1,187 crore while industrial loans stood at Rs 64 crore.District collector K V Mohan Kumar presided over the meeting. District panchayath vice president R Sasi also addressed the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745767", "title": "Doctor\u2019s car runs over man near hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old man sleeping on a pavement in front of the Government Stanley Hospital in Royapuram was run over by a car allegedly belonging to a doctor on Monday night.Based on witness accounts, police said the car came out of the hospital around 11.45pm. Minutes later, witnesses told police, they heard screams. They rushed to the spot and found a man, who had covered himself with a bed sheet, dead. The car had sped away.\"Pavement-dwellers noticed the car had 'doctor' written on it. But no one noticed the registration number as it was dark,\" said traffic inspector Pitchaiah.Police are now trying to find if the car belonged to a doctor. They have collected the list of doctors who finished their duty at that time.The body, which is yet to be identified, was sent to Government Stanley Hospital. Inquiries showed that the man, who had lost his right leg in an accident, was seen begging at a nearby dargah. He slept at the place where he was run over, locals told police. Speeding lorry kills bikerA 30-year-old man was killed when a container lorry rammed his motorcycle on OMR on Tuesday. Sukumar of Guduvanchery was on his way to office when the accident happened. Police said the lorry driver tried to overtake another vehicle at a traffic signal and rammed the bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16747626", "title": "Judicial Magistrate First Class holds inquest into Gaikwad case", "text": "MARGAO: In connection with the investigations of the Shivaji Gaikwad custodial death, an inquest panchanama was conducted on Tuesday by a JMFC in the presence of the Salcete district magistrate at Hospicio hospital, Margao, on Tuesday.Redkar, the SDM, added that a panel consisting of three doctors had been apppointed, who would conduct the postmortem at the Goa medical college (GMC). The panel will be headed by Dr Andre Fernandes from GMC and the other two will be Dr Avinash Pujari and Dr Vaishali Kamble from Hospicio.Gaikwad, 37, a petty thief who was arrested by the Margao police on Saturday, died in police custody on Sunday, the reasons for which are as unknown. Police had written to the judicial magistrate first class to conduct the inquiry as in the event of a death in police custody, as per the law, the inquiry should be conducted by a judicial magistrat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746937", "title": "Security staff of Govt College attacked", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Nedumangad police have registered a case after two security staff of the Government College here alleged that they were attacked by a 15-member gang. The complaint was filed by Baiju (35), and Satheesh Kumar(38).They alleged that a gang arrived at the college around 11pm on Monday attacked them. The attackers tried to destroy the flex boards erected by a section of students in connection with the college election which is scheduled on Thursday. They unleashed attack on the guards when they tried to resist them from destroying the flex boards. They said that the assailants wore masks and hence they could not identify them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16747073", "title": "Transport body calls off fare hike price stir", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Motor Transport Association (Aamta) has called off its agitation scheduled to start from October 10 demanding a hike in fares of buses and share-taxis.After a meeting with state transport minister Chandan Brahma on Tuesday, the apex transporters' body decided to call off the agitation programme, following an assurance from the minister that the fare hike issue would be raised in the state cabinet meeting soon.\"The state transport minister has assured us that the state government is seriously considering hiking fares of buses and share-taxis. The minister also told an Aamta delegation that the fare hike matter would be raised in the cabinet meeting soon so that a notification on revised fares can be issued,\" said Pradip Das, secretary general of Aamta.Representatives of the coordination committee of buses and share-taxis of Guwahati were also present in the meeting.Sources in the state transport department, on the other hand, said Aamta's demand to increase the fares of buses and share-taxis in the state is still under consideration and a decision is yet to taken.The coordination committee wants to increase the minimum fare of city buses to Rs 6 from the existing Rs 3.50 and the minimum fare of share-taxis in the city from Rs 6 to Rs 8. Likewise, the association has been demanding a hike in the fare depending on the distance covered besides increase in bus and taxi fares across the state.Though for the time being, Aamta will not hike the fares, it has warned the state government not to procrastinate addressing their demand. \"After the Rs 5 hike in the price of diesel, transporters are incurring heavy losses. We have given plenty of time to the state government to hike the fares through a notification. But we will not wait too long,\" Das added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745567", "title": "India Against Corruption member beaten up for bill protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: The escalating political fight over power tariff turned bitter on Tuesday when one India Against Corruption (IAC) member was beaten up allegedly by Congress workers when he and others were distributing pamphlets asking consumers not to pay electricity bills. The incident was reported from near the BSES office at R K Puram in south Delhi around 11.30 am.The south district police are in the process of registering the case even as the victim - identified as electrician Om Prakash (36) - said he would protest at the same place once he was allowed to go back by his doctors. The doctors treating him said he had a swollen eye and he would require some medication. pain.Prakash said volunteers of IAC from three wards of south Delhi had been asked to campaign in front of the BSES office. \"I was distributing the pamphlets when a man asked me to step aside as he had something important to discuss. He, however, began abusing me. He told me Kejriwal was using the movement for his personal gains and that CM Sheila Dikshit was herself in favour of lowering the tariff. When I protested, he called in more men and tried to snatch our mike worth more than Rs 4000,'' said Prakash.The IAC members then requested these men to return the mike. \"About 15-20 members of the ruling party then began heckling and pushing me before resorting to full blows. As a result, I have a swollen eye. I still have pain in my eyes,'' said Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746017", "title": "BEST bus crushes three-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-year-old boy, who was walking down Film City Road with his mother on Monday, lost his life after a BEST bus mowed him down. The driver, Hakim Shaikh, was later arrested by the Dindoshi police.Nilesh Saroj, the victim, was headed to the local market with his mother, Manisha, when the accident took place. Manisha, her husband, Pankaj, and two of their kids\u2014Rani, 10, and Nilesh\u2014have been staying at Santosh Nagar in Goregaon (E) for the past eight years. The couple's second daughter, Khushboo, 4, suffers from polio and resides in their hometown in Uttar Pradesh.Around 4.05pm, Nilesh and his mother had reached a bus-stop near Indira Vikas Sanshodhan when BEST bus no 349 hit him. The bus driver intended to take a U-turn and go towards the Dindoshi bus depot as the accident spot was the last halt in his journey. \"Unable to see Nilesh, the bus driver hit him head-on. The child had been walking behind his mother when he was crushed under the left front wheel of the bus. A stunned Manisha rushed to her son's rescue. She, along with the bus conductor, took Nilesh to a hospital in an autorickshaw. But he was seriously injured and declared dead by doctors,\" said a police official.\"My son was killed for no fault of his. We had a lot of hopes on him, but they are all shattered now,\" said Pankaj, a tempo driver. A relative said Nilesh was to celebrate his birthday on November 17. The BEST bus driver was nabbed by locals and booked for 'causing death due to negligence'. He was granted bail on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745926", "title": "Vivekananda House given on lease for 99 years", "text": "CHENNAI: In the 150th year of Swami Vivekananda's birth anniversary, the Ramakrishna Mission in Chennai has got a gift from the Jayalalithaa government. The state has extended the lease on Vivekananda House on the Marina by 99 years. The government has also given a hectare of land to the Cancer Institute in Adyar on lease for 30 years. The land is between the institute campus and the Buckingham Canal.Vivekananda House, used as a cultural centre by the Mission, is where the reformer-saint stayed in 1897 on his return after addressing the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago. Formerly known as Castle Kernan, the Indo-Saracenic-styled bungalow was built by an American ice trader, Frederic Tudor. It was given on lease to the Math in 1997 for 3 years and another ten years from 2000. The lease was again extended in 2010 for 10 years. The current lease ends in 2020 but Tuesday's order has extended the lease from 2012 to 99 years, i.e. till 2111. The lease rent is 12,000 per annum.The government sent orders extending the lease to both organizations on Tuesday though the decisions were said have been taken in a recent Cabinet meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16745516", "title": "'Mallya's UB group involved in land scam'", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Telugu Yuvatha, the TDP's youth wing, on Tuesday alleged that liquor baron Vijay Mallya's McDowell Holdings Ltd , part of the UB Group, was involved in a major land scam in Visakhapatnam. Telugu Yuvatha president Loddagala Krishna, at a conference, said the information his organisation had obtained invoking the RTI Act reveals that the UB group has \"fraudulently\" taken over 60 hectares of prime land falling under the ULC (Urban Land Ceiling) in the garb of project expansion.According to him, Hindustan Polymers, a company incorporated in 1961 here for manufacturing styrene monomer and polystyrene, merged with McDowell Holdings in 1978. The company initially acquired about 101 hectares for its project at various locations such as Venkatapuram, Gopalapatnam, Vepagunta and Waltair ward. \"Subsequently, the revenue officials after an inquiry declared that over 76 hectares were surplus as per the ULC Act of 1976, and directed the company to return the same to the government. But the UB group management did not respond till 1990. Thereafter, they sought an exemption on the pretext of project expansion, as a result of amalgamation of the company with UB Elastomer and UB Petrochemicals,\" Krishna said.The Telugu Yuvatha chief said the exemption was granted on the condition that the project work should start within six months from the date of GO and be completed within two years, including the living quarters for the employees. \"However, not a brick was laid till the end of the deadline and the company again sought extension that was granted for two more years. In 1996, UB group once again requested the government to consider extension under the pretext that a South Korean firm by the name LG Chemicals would take over the company and bring in investments that would benefit the locals. A GO favouring the extension for another three years was issued, despite the then ULC Special Officer reporting that both UB Petrochemicals and UB Elastomer had shifted to Gujarat and this was hidden from the revenue officials,\" said Krishna.The fresh GO favouring UB and the South Korean firm had many riders, and primarily among them being that the foreign firm would bring an investment of Rs 100 crore for the development of a petrochemical unit and that the land cannot be sold or leased without the prior permission of the government. \"Here is the catch. Just one month before the GO was issued, a separate company under the name LG Chemicals Limited was floated in New Delhi, as a clone to the South Korean firm. Not to forget that UB Group got the exemption in the name of Hindustan Polymers under the guise that the Korean firm would step in. \"Within a month after the GO was issued, the clone company applied to the resident commissioner of Industries- AP at New Delhi to change the names of the companies mentioned in the GO as Hindustan Polymers (a Division of McDowell Holdings) instead of Hindustan Polymers and LG Chemicals Limited to LG Polymers Private Limited,\" said P.V.Giridhar, RTI activist and advocate for Telugu Yuvatha.Subsequently in 2008, in collusion with the land registration department, McDowell Holdings (not Hindustan Polymers) sold the entire extent of the surplus land to LG Polymers, for a sum of Rs. 20 crores, which is believed to be a benami company of Mallya, allege the activists. They pointed out as to how a surplus ULC land can be sold and how the vendors name can be changed in the sale agreement that do not have a link document to substantiate the actual owner. The present market rate is estimated to be around Rs. 4 crores per acre and land in question is about 60 hectares, which is about 200 acres, and it amounts to a whopping Rs. 800 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16745650", "title": "On the edge", "text": "Varsha Bhosle, daughter of playback singer Asha Bhosle , killed herself on Monday after battling depression for several years. She was receiving medical treatment, but there are thousands of others with psychological problems who have no access to medical care and whose conditions have never been diagnosed.At least 7% of India's population of 1.22 billion suffers from some form of mental disorder, according to the Union health ministry. More than 7.2 lakh people in Tamil Nadu require periodic psychiatric care. At least 1% or 7,200 of these people suffer from serious mental illnesses such as schizophrenia or neurosis, says Dr N Sathiyanathan, former director of Institute of Mental Health. \"Many people, even in cities, are not diagnosed and or treated,\" Dr Sathiyanathan says. \"Even family physicians are not trained to detect signs that a person has a psychological problem. Even those who do, often do not ensure that they receive professional treatment and care on time.\"Though TN has a better healthcare record than most other states, it lacks adequate manpower and infrastructure. Tamil Nadu has just 350 psychiatrists, nearly 50% of whom are in government service. Less than 25 students qualify to be psychiatrists in TN each year. The century-old, 1,800-bed Institute of Mental Health run by the government is mostly overcrowded.Though NGOs such as The Banyan offer psychological counselling and treatment, there are less than 3,400 beds for the mentally ill in the state. Lack of facilities leaves doctors with no option but to put patients on sedatives. \"Though drugs are an essential part of therapy, patients should not be chained with chemicals. Rehabilitation programmes or recreation therapy is vital to help mentally ill people fit into society,\" says Dr Thara, who spearheads SCARF ( Schizophrenia Research Foundation), Chennai.Some hospitals and NGOs have innovative means to reach out to patients. For instance, to cope with the lack of adequate manpower, SCARF established a telepsychiatry facility about seven years ago. The situation has been particularly grim after the devastating tsunami in 2004 left thousands severely traumatised, she says.Doctors began a psychological counselling project after the tsunami in coastal districts. \"The facility has helped us free several people who were chained up by their families. Innovation is the key,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16733099", "title": "Civic control room for Durga Puja", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) has opened a control room especially for Durga Puja which will be active from October 21-24. This was announced by RMC in a meeting held with members of Ranchi Mahangar Puja Pandal Samiti on Monday.CEO of RMC, Depankar Panda said, \"A number, 0651-2209751, is allotted for the control room and anyone facing any kind of civic problem during pandal hopping can contact RMC on this number anytime between 6 am and 10 pm.\"The members of the committee kept their problems before RMC officials who promised to support them in every possible way. The first problem discussed was the non-functional vapour lights in some areas and their absence in others to which Panda said, \"The non-functional vapour lights will be repaired within a week. We are buying 1200 vapour lights which will be installed in the areas which do not have them.\"The members also demanded provision for drinking water near every pandal. \"The 27 non-functional hand pumps will be repaired before pujas and drinking water will be provided by tankers to the 137 registered pandals of the city,\" Panda said.It was also decided in the meeting that five labourers of RMC will be assigned at each puja pandal for cleaning the pandal and its vicinity. Cleanliness of ponds was also a major demand of the committee. \"We have identified 19 ponds in the city which will be cleaned before pujas so that people do not face any problem during the immersion of idols on October 26,\" Panda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746225", "title": "Congress in a tussle with state babus", "text": "BHOPAL: One year ahead of the assembly elections in the state, the Madhya Pradesh Congress has entangled itself in an ugly squabble with bureaucrats.An incident between three Congress MPs and a district collector which occurred on Monday afternoon sent the entire IAS, IPS, IFS fraternity and tehsildars straight into chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's office on Tuesday demanding action against the elected representatives of the rival political party.While Chouhan ordered a high-level probe into the incident saying such misbehaviour and bullying will not be entertained, the Congress said it will go to the Prime Minister to complain against bureaucrats of Madhya Pradesh. On Monday afternoon, district collector of Ratlam Rajeev Dube walked in to attend an evaluation and monitoring committee meeting chaired by state PCC chief Kantilal Bhuria and MPs Meenakshi Natarajan and Prem Chand Guddu. The committee evaluates the implementation of Centre-funded schemes by the state government.The moment Dube entered the room, both Bhuria, who is also the MP from Ratlam, and Prem Chand Guddu gave the district collector a dressing down in front of party workers, subordinate officers and members of the public. Prem Chand allegedly started with: \"What happened? What are you doing? Please sit down.'' The Congress alleged the collector did not adhere to protocol. He did not go to the circuit house to meet the MPs, did not send an agenda for the meeting and came late when he was to reach by 12.30 pm.The MPs allegedly threatened the collector in full public view with \"Collectoree bhula denge (will make you forget your collector's job).'' The bullying ordeal lasted for a full 15 minutes.Rajeev Dube, meantime, was seen trying to pacify Bhuria and MP from Ujjain Prem Chand Guddu. Thereafter, MP from Mandsaur Meenakshi Natarajan allegedly also insulted the collector. The Congress MPs further bullied that the party would \"gherao'' every district collector who did not co-operate with the party's leaders.After the showdown, the collector complained about the incident to the Indian Administrative Services Association.By Tuesday morning IAS, IPS and IFS officers associations submitted a memorandum along with another by the state's tehsildars demanding punitive action against the Congress leaders who misbehaved with collector Ratlam. Chief minister Chouhan assured: \"Everyone's dignity will be protected.''By evening, the Congress said they will take the matter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar and Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh. Speaking to TOI, Kantilal Bhruia said: ``The Ratlam collector has served in the chief minister's office for six years. He is a promotee IAS officer and his promotion was because he served the chief minister for that long. After promotion he was sent to my Lok Sabha constituency area as collector and started harassing people there. We were all MPs and he didn't even come to brief us about the meeting. In fact he refused to come and pay us a visit. If he has no time for MPs, how will he spare time for the common people?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16746414", "title": "13 minor girls 'bartered' to settle feud", "text": "A tribal council in Balochistan allegedly chaired by a Pakistani lawmaker Mir Tariq Masuri decided to barter 13 minor girls, aged between four and 16 years, in marriage to settle a dispute between two clans. The 'barter' which took place under the illegal custom 'vani' prompted the supreme court on Tuesday to take action against those responsible. A bench of the SC headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry , summoned Masuri and other members of the concil to appear in court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16747566", "title": "Movie screening at Kala Academy", "text": "The American Center, Mumbai, along with the Kala Academy, Goa, will screen the movie, 'Bound for glory' at the Black Box, Kala Academy, in celebration of the 'Daniel Pearl World Music Days' on Wednesday at 5pm. Entry is free on first-come-first-serve basis. The movie is a biography of American folk singer Woody Guthrie , who left his dust-devastated home in Oklahoma in the 1930s to find work and discovered the suffering and strength of America's working class. The movie's duration is 147 minutes.CME prog on pituitary tumours at GMC: The department of pathology, Goa Medical College, Bambolim, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme on pituitary tumours on October 15, at 3pm, in the pathology department's seminar room. The CME will be chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto and Dr Ponraj Sundaram, and the speakers will include Dr Pawan Kumar Jain, Dr S Adithya and Dr Anoushka Pereira. The topics to be covered include the types, clinical features, imaging, gross, microscopy, management and complications of pituitary adenomas.Feast of Our Lady of Fatima at Bambolim: The annual feast of Our Lady of Fatima will be celebrated at the Holy Cross Shrine (Fulancho Khuris), Bambolim, on October 13 at 5.30pm. The service will consist of the recitation of the rosary, Mass and a procession. The parish priest of Bambolim, Fr Natalina Peter Raj, will be the main celebrant at the feast Mass.Musical show by visually impaired artistes: Gujarati Samaj Educational Trust for the Handicapped, Special School, Aquem-Margao, will organize a one-day awareness programme on October 13 'showcasing the strength and potential' of handicapped children. The highlights of the programme are a rally at 9am at municipal garden, a street play, distribution of pamphlets, exhibition cum sale of products made by students of the school and a musical show, 'Black', by the visually impaired at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao from 8.30 pm onwards. The musical show will be performed by Rangat, from Mumbai, comprising a group of visually impaired singers and musicians. Passes are available at Saglani Enterprises Pvt Ltd (Ph: 2736655), opposite Loyola High School, Margao, and at the school office (Ph: 2759825).Yoga classes at Caranzalem: Bloomsberry centre, Caranzalem, will conduct yoga classes for all ages. The classes will be conducted regularly from 6.30am to 8am and from 6pm to 7.30pm. For a free demo session or enrolment call on 9552211100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745581", "title": "Tigress captured in Jharkhali", "text": "KOLKATA: Another tiger was captured in the Sunderbans on Tuesday after it strayed several times to some villages near Jharkhali over the last couple of days.DFO of South 24-Parganas forest division, Lipika Roy, said that it's a female, aged around six years. \"We will observe the tigress for 24 hours. It will be released in Kalash on Wednesday morning,\" she said.Senior forest department officials and the members of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) schedule I animal handling committee also visited the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16747156", "title": "Mixed response to People's Liberation Front of India bandh call", "text": "GUMLA: The bandh called by the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) in Simdega and Gumla districts on Tuesday to protest against the alleged beating up of people during a raid by police at Khora Pani village in Simdega district recently evoked mixed response in both the districts. The bandh was called by PLFI sub- zonal commander Mangal Nagesiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745608", "title": "AI\u2019s Dreamliner grounded as its door won\u2019t shut", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the two brand new Boeing 787 Dreamliners that Air India got last month is cooling its heels at Delhi airport since last week after its front cargo door developed a snag and now cannot be shut for the plane to get airborne. The aircraft, VT-ADN, was the second Dreamliner that AI got from Boeing on September 19, 11 days after getting the first one VT-ANH.Sources say this Dreamliner remained in commercial domestic service barely for few days. Last Friday its front cargo hold door hinge 'disintegrated', while the baggage was being offloaded after the plane landed from Chennai. It has been grounded since then.\"The amazing thing is that nothing hit the cargo door and the part simply disintegrated on its own. Boeing is to send a replacement part from Europe to Delhi via London but it hasn't come so far. The airline gets a bad name because of the composite material trouble (the light material B-787 is made of),\" said sources.AI spokesman G P Rao said, \"VT-AND aircraft is on ground at Delhi due to disintegration of forward actuator arm bearing of forward cargo door. The spares are scheduled to arrive on Wednesday and the aircraft will return to service on Thursday. Boeing is investigating the incident along with DGCA.\"AI, which got its third Dreamliner (VT-ANI) on Tuesday, has been facing technical issues with the brand new plane. Its first Boeing 787 (VT-ANH) developed a snag on the first day of its commercial operations on September 19. A cooling unit, meant to prevent the power generating equipment of the aircraft from getting overheated, malfunctioned when the aircraft was being pushed back.While sources say the teething troubles in the B-787 are being taken up with Boeing, AI is facing another problem. On Monday, a Boeing 747 got hit by a trolley in Chennai.Airline sources say AI has numerous incidences, possibly the highest among Indian carriers, of aircraft getting hit by step ladders, baggage trolleys and other vehicles at airports.On this issue, Rao said, \"One of the engine inlets of the Boeing 747 hit a ground luggage transport trolley while being towed into the departure bay from the remote parking bay. The damaged inlet panel was replaced immediately and declared serviceable on the same day. This incident is being investigated by a tasked committee. Other than this, we had only one ground incident in the last one year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16746381", "title": "\u2018Giving honorary army ranks to cricketers not right\u2019", "text": "MHOW: The Territorial Army (TA) was raised on October 9, 1949 after passing of the TA Act in 1948. Tuesday is being observed as the TA Day throughout the nation. TOI spoke to officers who have seen and supervised the working of TA in various sectors during war and peace times.Lt Gen Madhav Govind Datar (retired) said that TA had done extremely commendable work in all the wars fought by the nation, the latest of which was seen during the Kargil war. Citing examples of contribution of TA in the field of telecommunications, railways, ONGC, power sector and others, Datar said that whenever there was a war like situation or a workers' strike in any of these sectors, the TA personnel took the responsibility and avoided services from getting paralyzed.Datar further said that giving honorary TA officer ranks to cricketers like MS Dhoni and Tendulkar is not good as it has a negative effect on the motivation of troops who have to work very hard and prove themselves to earn such ranks.He said that looking at the situation aroused after inflammatory SMSes arrived from Pakistan (which should be considered as cyber war), TA battalions should be raised using experts from IITs and other such institutions. There should be proper identification of such persons and officer ranks should be given to them. Another retired officer Maj Gen Gangaprasad said that TA was a very good initiative of the government which keeps the government servants ready to take on the responsibilities in the time of need. They take on the duties of the army personnel in peace areas when they are needed on the front.The role of the TA is to relieve the army units from mundane peacetime duties during war, render assistance to civil administration during natural calamities and maintain essential services in extraordinary situations such as mass strike in railways, telecom, petroleum and health department.Many non-departmental such as Infantry, TA battalions have been deployed in counter-insurgency operations in Kashmir and northeast.Today, TA is a 40,000 strong force and there are six group headquarters in the country. There are 42 non-departmental, 6 ecological and 17 departmental TA battalions in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16746545", "title": "Film revisited: 'Titanic's Jack could have survived'", "text": "LONDON: Jack died for nothing! Experiments have shown that Leonardo Di Caprio's 'Titanic' character could have survived if he had climbed onto Kate Winslet's raft in the climax of the iconic movie. It is a debate that has raged since Titanic became one of the most successful films of all time, as to whether 'Rose' had to leave 'Jack' to die by not letting him up on the makeshift lifeboat.And a US television show has carried out a series of tests that show DiCaprio's character could have survived the disaster had he lifted himself onto the raft from which Rose, played by Winslet, was plucked.A Discovery Channel show recreated the treacherous conditions after the Titanic sank in 1912 and, through hypothermia tests, discovered Jack would have survived the freezing conditions if he had climbed out, the Daily Mail reported. In the 1997 blockbuster, Jack remains in the freezing water while Rose lies on top of a floating piece of the wreckage as he does not want to topple it and dies from hypothermia while Rose is rescued.Titanic director James Cameron said in the show that he believed the wooden life raft would not have supported both Jack and Rose.But the team found that if Rose had taken off her lifejacket and put it under the raft it would have given them enough buoyancy to keep both of them afloat.Hosts Adam Savage and Jamie Hyneman then carried out a hypothermia test to see what would happen if Di Caprio's character had indeed climbed out of the water and onto the wooden door.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746228", "title": "Auto gang targets retired cop", "text": "BHOPAL: Infamous auto gang that targets passengers in moving auto-rickshaws tricked a retired CISF constable who had come to Bhopal in connection with personal work.Police said Chandra Shekhar Tiwari, a resident of Bhind, had come to the city and shared an auto-rickshaw with three passengers from Alpana tri-section to Govindpura.On reaching the destination, when Tiwari later opened his suitcase he found Rs 1500 cash, licence and ATM card missing from it. The incident took place on September 18 but he had returned to Bhind then. Tiwari lodged a case on Tuesday when he again came to city for some work, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16749267", "title": "India, Japan stress on cooperation in nuclear power sector", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Japan have reconfirmed the importance of civil nuclear cooperation between the two countries, said a joint statement issued on the occasion of the 6th India-Japan Energy Dialogue between the Planning Commission of India and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan in Tokyo.\"Based on the experience of the accident at the Fukushima Nuclear Power Station of Tokyo Electric Power Company ( TEPCO) and the lessons learned from it, both sides confirmed the need to cooperate in enhancing the safety of nuclear power plants,'' said the joint statement.Both sides concluded that bilateral cooperation is important in the nuclear power sector, and welcomed the fact that a meeting of the Nuclear Energy Working Group, established under the India-Japan Energy Dialogue framework, was held on October 9, 2012 in Tokyo.The Indian side made a presentation on India's plan for expanding nuclear energy generation in the coming years. They confirmed that they would strengthen their cooperative relationship relating to upstream development of petroleum and natural gas. Both sides confirmed to explore possibilities of collaboration in exploration and production activities in India and in third countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16747643", "title": "Bank heist: 18-year-old held in Hanumangarh", "text": "JAISALMER: The unique tunnel robbery from the SBI in Jaisalmer, probably the first time in India, has been solved. Hanumangarh Police on Tuesday evening in a dramatic way and have arrested a 18-year-old boy and recovered Rs 2.10 lakh from him.The accused is resident of Hanumangarh and was roaming in the city to buy a new vehicle. According to unconfirmed sources, Rs 78 lakh from the stolen amount was recovered from a house at Jaisalmer city and Jaisalmer police had left for Hanumangarh to get the culprit.Hanumangarh Police said that after the bank direction and details of the stolen notes, strict vigilance was being maintained. In the meantime, at 5pm on Tuesda , there was information that at Bhagat Singh Chowk, an 18-year-old youth was roaming with new currency notes to buy a vehicle . Acting on this tip-off , deputy SP Narayan Singh along with force caught the suspicious youth and on inquiry the entire plot was revealed by the youth.Hanumangarh dy SP Narayan Singh after inquiring the youth said Subhash, son of Kanaram Kumhar, resident of Hanumangarh, worked as a cutter . He was working as labourer for last 10 months at various construction site in Jaisalmer. He also said that the idea of looting the bank came to him while he was working at a construction site near the bank.Singh said with a cutter behind the bank, he started digging a tunnel. He used to work in the darkness of the night.It took him a month to dig the tunnel and reach the chest room and on September 30, he idea was shaped.Singh said that after the incident , on the next day, he left for Delhi with Rs 3-4 lakh and had hidden the remaining amount in Jaisalmer. He roamed many places for 7 days and reached Hanumangarh a day ago.On Tuesday evening, he was roaming at Bhagat Singh Chowk and was looking for his favourite vehicle when he was intercepted by the police.Subhash said the entire operation was his handiwork and he did not employ any one else for the marathon job.Jaisalmer SP Mamta Vishoi said a police team has been sent to Hanumanagarh to get the accused and on his indications, efforts would be made to recover the remaining loot amount.IG Jodhpur range DC Jain hailed the police efforts and said the hawk eye vigil and planned manner in which the police proceeded , yielded results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16749623", "title": "OP Jindal Global University to organize seminar on management education", "text": "NEW DELHI: O P Jindal Global University is organizing a seminar on 'Global Management Education Challenges and Opportunities ' on October 10. It will also be launching its Integrated BBA- MBA Programme at the seminar which will have M Veerappa Moily, Union Minister for Corporate Affairs and Power, attending as chief guest.The press statement issued by the university says the keynote will be delivered by Zarin Daruwala, president, ICICI Bank , and will be followed by \"thematic sessions\" attended by faculty members of different Jindal-run institutions as well as CEOs and VPs of corporations. PV Ramana Murthy, VP, human resources of Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages, Amit Agnihotri, chairman, MBAUniverse.com and Sunil Nayar, CEO, Sodexo , India will all be speaking at the seminar which will be held at the Constitution Club of India.The O P Jindal Global University is a private university based in Sonipat, Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747492", "title": "Paan shop inside Bishop Cotton School playground!", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though government rules clearly state that no tobacco products are sold within 100 metres of a school, one paan shop in Nagpur operates within the school's premises itself. Even as students play inside the Bishop Cotton School (BCS) ground, Robert Francis' shop blatantly sells all sorts of tobacco products with impunity. The shop is located at a prime corner, where the playground's boundary meets the VCA's stadium's commercial complex.The playground is located right across the street from BCS. Francis' shop is a permanent structure with proper electricity and water connection. It does brisk business till late night owing to its location. Speaking to TOI, Francis expressed surprise at the hue and cry. \"My father, Roman, started this shop around 15 years ago and we had a temporary structure back then. He passed away a couple of years ago and since then I have been running the business. We made a permanent structure made just last year and no one has a problem with us,\" said Francis.Last year, the school management handed over the playground's upkeep to a private firm, whose first task was to secure the perimeter. Since the school's inception, the playground's boundary was marked by an iron bar fencing, which had broken down at various points. The school then started constructing a boundary wall but hit a stumbling block when they reached Francis' shop.Rev Paramjyoti, secretary of the Nagpur Diocese and Trust Association (NDTA) which controls the property, said, \"Francis came to us last year and begged for time to relocate. We decided to grant him that but now he refuses to leave.\" Since last year Francis has turned his shop into a permanent 20 square feet structure and calls it 'Christ Paan and Tea Stall'.Francis said, \"I have spoken to the Bishop and told him we cannot go anywhere since this is the only source of income for my family. I am physically handicapped and have got children to feed, where shall I go?\" Bishop Paul Dophare did not answer TOI's calls. When Francis was reminded he is selling tobacco products inside school property, he said, \"I will do whatever it takes to keep this shop because if I leave my family will die.\"After going shockingly soft on an encroacher selling tobacco products illegally, NDTA is now goading its members to take action. Rev Paramjyoti said, \"we have now decided to pursue strict legal action against him and the school management, which is currently the sole beneficiary of the playground, has been asked to file a case. Francis tries to project his shop as a holy place by putting up a cross there but I can assure you that we will evict that person soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745901", "title": "Five realty firms 'encroach' on defence land, booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The Hill Line police in Thane on Tuesday booked five Mumbai-based construction companies for allegedly encroaching and constructing on land belonging to the Indian Air Force. The land in question is at Nevali village in Ambernath taluka of Thane district.According to the complaint filed by Air Force official Ravindra Ahire, the five companies forged documents of survey numbers 94,109 and 113 and constructed illegally on the land.Sources said the land is around 40,000 sq ft. The Nevali plot, situated around 50 km from Mumbai, was one of the busiest airbases of the British during World War II. Post-Independence, the ownership of the land was transferred to the ministry of defence. -Pradeep Gupta\"The companies have been booked under sections 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property), 427 (mischief causing damage to the amount of fifty rupees), and 34 (common intention) of Indian Penal code and Section 52 (penalty for unauthorized development) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning (MRTP) Act,\" said senior inspector N V Jadhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16746009", "title": "Uma Bharati's yatra enters UP, kindles hope for BJP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hitting out at the UPA government for giving nod to FDI in retail, senior BJP leader and torch-bearer of 'Ganga Samagra Abhiyan' Uma Bharati has demanded a law to protect the Ganga instead, that could help 50 crore people to get employment.Uma was addressing a gathering in Ballia on Tuesday after the yatra led by her entered the district from Buxar in Bihar. She was given a grand welcome by state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi, yatra in charge of UP and former cabinet minister in Kalyan Singh government Shivpratap Shukla, coordinator of the yatra Vindyavasini Kumar and former state BJP president Surya Pratap Shahi.The fiery saffron brigade leader said the economic liberalisation has mostly affected water, soil and land in the country and all this was being done to increase gross domestic product (GDP).Uma, an MLA from Charkhari in Mahoba, later addressed a rally in Mohammadabad, where she said that with nod to FDI in retail, around seven crore people of the country will lose employment which will have a cascading effect on 20 crore people.With the beginning of UP leg of the yatra, which started from Gangasagar in West Bengal on September 21, state BJP leaders are hopeful that it would rejuvenate the party cadre ahead of 2014 Lok Sabha elections.After Mohammadabad, the yatra reached Saidpur where Uma again urged people to help make the Ganga as clean at Gangasagar as it is at Gau Mukh in Uttarakhand.Later, the yatra moved to Varanasi where the fiery leader attended an aarti on the Dasashwamedh ghat. On Wednesday, Uma will leave from Varanasi for Vindhyanchal and attend a Ganga aarti.Entering UP from the east, Uma will also venture into the territory of former CM and erstwhile BJP leader Kalyan Singh. Uma's visit to Kalyan's citadel gains importance as there is talk of his return to the saffron fold.According to sources, Uma might also address a rally in Dibai (Bulandshahr), the electoral ground of Kalyan's son Rajbir Singh. Since Uma is not known to be anti-Kalyan, she is not expected to take potshots at him. In fact, she might leave enough hints for the political pundits and commentators to take a line on the possibility of Kalyan's comeback.The yatra is likely to further generate political heat as it makes its way through the cities and districts located on the banks of the Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16747260", "title": "Cops clueless about jail inmates escape", "text": "LUDHIANA: Cops are still clueless about the escape of jail inmate Amrik Singh alias Vicky, 27, resident of Guru Nanak Nagar of Dugri. Moreover, cops have also been unsuccessful in tracing the other accused of the case, including constable Anil Kumar, Amriks father Kulwant Singh and brother Amandeep Singh.Dugri SHO Satwinder Singh said, We are investigating the matter, but all accused are still at large.Amrik Singh was an inmate at Central Jail Ludhiana and was taken to the court for his hearing on Monday. Police sources said after getting next date for hearing constable Anil Kumar took Amrik to his house in Guru Nanak Colony, from where he escaped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16747157", "title": "7 years rigorous imprisonment for abduction, rape of minor girl", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and session judge Vth Kanpur City Neerja Singh on Monday convicted one for kidnapping and raping a minor girl and sentenced him to seven years rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 6,000. On failing to pay the fine he would have to serve another three months in jail.According to the prosecution story, Islam, resident of Deoria district, enticed the minor daughter of Salman Ali of Chakeri area on April 5, 2011. When his daughter did not return from school Ali enquired and was informed that she had left school after seeking permission from authorities.The neighbours told him that the girl was last seen with Islam, a factory employee at Banthara. Earlier, Islam had been Ali's tenant.Police caught Islam and the girl at Rama Devi crossing on April 11, 2011. The girl informed the police that Islam met her when she was returning from school. He had assured her gifts and marriage. He took her first to Lucknow and then to Ghaziabad where he exploited her physically a number of times.Defence counsel pleaded to take a lenient view against Islam as he had a wife and a minor son and there was nobody to take care of them and because it was his first crime. On the other side, additional government counsel pleaded that the accused had committed a heinous crime enticing a minor girl though he was married and appealed to the court for stringent punishment to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746153", "title": "Sukhdev Panse, 64 others sent in judicial custody", "text": "BHOPAL: A trial court on Tuesday sent Congress legislator Sukhdev Panse and 63 others to 14-days judicial custody following their production before it by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officials in connection with the 2007 arson and rioting case at Betul district.They were produced before the court of special judge Surendra Singh Gurjar who remanded them to them in judicial custody. The prosecution did not oppose their judicial remand.CBI has chargesheeted 84 persons in two different cases - for arson, rioting and murder of a Pardhi couple in a Mumtali tehsil on September 11, 2007. Panse is accused in the arson and rioting case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746301", "title": "Two get one-year rigorous imprisonment in bribe case", "text": "PUNE: The court of special judge Ravindra Pande on Tuesday sentenced talathi Gulab Bhaguji Dighe to one year rigorous imprisonment for accepting a bribe of Rs 2,500 in 2007. Narayan Ganpat Rupnagar was sentenced to one year RI with Rs 2,000 fine for abetting Dighe in committing the crime.Dighe was further sentenced to one year RI with Rs 4,000 fine for criminal misconduct under the relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Both the sentences will run concurrently.Additional public prosecutor Shashikant Jagtap said that Dighe, who was then posted at Loni Kalbhor, had asked the complainant, Dilip Kalbhor, to pay a bribe of Rs 2,500 to Rupnagar for issuing him a copy of 7/12 extract on January 16, 2007.The state anti-corruption bureau, Pune, had arrested the duo on the same day after Kalbhor registered a complaint. Jagtap examined four witnesses to prove the accused guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747052", "title": "Cong team meets CEC to complaint against K Kailasnathan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After lodging a formal complaint with the Election Commission in Gujarat, the state Congress leaders called on chief election commissioner V S Sampath and demanded that officers like principal secretary to chief minister K Kailasnathan should be removed from the election duty.Congress delegation, led by Gujarat Congress president Arjun Modhwadia gave a detailed representation before the commissioner as to how Modi had kept his men at key positions to benefit him during the election. The leaders informed the ECI how the administration were playing a key role in organizing and mobilizing crowds for the state government-sponsored Yuva Vikas yatra.A representation against bulk SMSes being sent from LM_NaMoGj, which offered people to become part of the chief minister Narendra Modi's team for the assembly election, was also made. The message which was sent from the same toll-free number (8000980009) used by the chief minister to seek people's support for ban gutkha in state from September 11, also asked the recipients to send their name and email.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746662", "title": "At 217 million, India houses largest number of malnourished", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three key international organizations working on food security have revised the number of people in hunger globally downwards from 1 billion to 870 million as of 2010-12. The organizations say that their methodology was flawed and the problem in part was that they had overestimated the impact of the financial crisis on developing countries like India.The State of Food Insecurity in the World is an annual report brought out jointly by the UN's Food and Agricultural Organization , the International Fund for Agricultural Development and the World Food Programme . In 2009, the FAO had announced that the number of hungry people in the world had risen sharply and had for the first time crossed 1 billion. The new numbers show that the number of undernourished people in the world has instead been falling continuously since 1990.The FAO's revision has also significantly shifted the goalpost for the achievement of the Millenium Development Goal of halving by 2015 the number of undernourished people in a country as of 1990. The FAO on Tuesday announced that it was raising its estimate for undernourishment in 1990 to 23.2%, which makes the 2015 goal of 11.6% far more achievable.The proportion of the world that is undernourished currently stands at 12.5% of the world's population. The organization reiterated that the numbers had not been rigged to aid the MDG process.Yet while they represent an improvement over the FAO's older methodology, the new numbers remain problematic. They continue to measure the amount of nutrition required by a person following a sedentary lifestyle despite the fact the bulk of the world's poor engage in a great deal of physical labour, the FAO conceded.The global numbers also do not adequately capture the effects of local price shocks, the FAO has accepted. \"We need to recognize these numbers are still too high: one in eight people are hungry in a world of plenty, that already has enough food to feed,\" FAO director-general Jose Graziano da Silva said in Rome.India remains home to the largest number of undernourished people in the world: 217 million as of 2012. It has reduced the number of undernourished people by less than 10% since 1990 and is one of the countries, along with Congo, Namibia and others, that the FAO predicts will not meet its MDG target. The proportion of Indians who are undernourished now stands at 17.5%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746077", "title": "Salman can\u2019t sell killer 2002 vehicle", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Monday rejected Bollywood actor Salman Khan's application seeking permission to sell a car involved in the 2002 hit-and-run case that claimed a life. Magistrate G S Patil rejected the application as the trial in the case is not yet over.According to public prosecutor B B Yele, Khan had been handed possession of the Toyota Land Cruiser soon after the investigations were completed. \"The court at that time had directed him not to sell it, modify or transfer it to anybody else. In March, he filed an application before the Bandra metropolitan magistrate stating that it was expensive to maintain and he did not need it anymore,\" Yele said.It's the prosecution's case that Khan rammed his car into a bakery in the wee hours of September 28, 2002, killing one person and injuring four others who were sleeping on the footpath outside the shop. The actor has been booked under Section 304 (A) for rash and negligent driving for which he could face a maximum punishment of only two years. The Bombay high court had earlier stated that Section 304 II (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the Indian Penal Code Section was not applicable in the case.However, the prosecution filed an application in the court to enhance the charges against him. The application sought the application of Section 304 II of the Indian Penal Code. Under this section, the case will be tried in the sessions court and for which the maximum punishment is 10 years. The police found that Khan was driving under the influence of alcohol. The application is still pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746286", "title": "'Mango people', 'banana republic' make their way into public discourse", "text": "NEW DELHI: \" Mango people\" and \"banana republic\" are fresh additions to the political lexicon. A day after Robert Vadra used them as his Facebook status message to mock those attacking him for alleged corruption, the terms were bandied about freely in political circles.The Arvind Kejriwal camp seized upon Vadra's provocative language to accuse Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law of making fun of \"aam aadmi\", and to taunt him by saying that having been at the helm for the last eight years, his mother-in-law would have to shoulder a large part of the blame if the country had degenerated into a banana republic.Indeed, Kejriwal started his press conference with a sarcastic reference to Vadra saying that many \"mango people\" had come forward to provide him with evidence of \"malafide nexus\" between Sonia's son-in-law and DLF.The opposition BJP, while demanding a \"fair\" probe into Kejriwal's allegations about Vadra's property deals with the realty major, took Congress to task for the reference to the country as a \"banana republic\" and the countrymen as \"mango people\".Party spokesperson Prakash Javdekar asked Congress to clarify its stand on the matter. \"Does Congress agree with Robert Vadra's description of the people as 'mango men' and 'banana republic' or 'cattle class' remarks,\" Javdekar asked.Congress which won two elections on the strength of its professed commitment to \"aam aadmi\" refrained, not surprisingly, from biting the bait.Hitting out at the ruling party for \"shying away\" from a probe, another BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said an honest probe could not be expected from the UPA government, which was \"neck deep\" in corruption in the 2G spectrum allocation, Commonwealth Games and coal mine allotments. Noting that CBI was to probe the allegations, she said the agency was under a PM who did not want to act against corruption in his government.Sitharaman attacked finance minister P Chidambaram for batting for Vadra, noting that if Sonia's son-in-law was just an individual, why were Congress spokespersons and ministers falling over their heads to come to his defence.Sitharaman demanded that all huge real estate transactions be monitored. Referring to investigations faced by family members of politicians, such as YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy for disproportionate assets, DMK chief Karunanidhi's daughter Kanimozhi for 2G allotments and former Maharashtra chief minister Ashok Chavan's mother for the Adarsh Society flats allotment, Sitharaman wondered why the government was not acting against Vadra.\"More revelations have come out, including Punjab and Haryana High Court strictures, apart from the nexus between DLF and the Haryana government. It is getting murkier. Congress spokespersons should stop misleading the country. (The government) should stop putting onus on others to provide evidence and order a probe,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745529", "title": "New govt rules for recruitment irk teachers", "text": "CHENNAI: Seniority is no longer the criterion for getting a job as a primary or high school teacher. A new state government order gives weightage for marks secured in school and college for recruitment as a teacher.For years, the government recruited school teachers through the employment exchange that works on a first-come-first-served basis. In the event of more than one candidate having the same marks, selection will be based on the date of birth, where the older person will be given priority. The government says the change was done \"to provide quality education to the children in Tamil Nadu and considering the need to fill up vacant teachers' posts.\"A high-level committee with school education minister N R Sivapathy as chairman and school education secretary D Sabitha, Teachers Recruitment Board chairman Surjit Chaudhary and school education director K Devarajan as members, met on September 14 and 24 and recommended to the government to adopt the modalities by giving weightage of marks in Class 12, DEEd, degree, BEd and the teacher eligibility test for selection and appointment of secondary grade teachers and graduate assistants.A GO, dated October 5, said the government examined the recommendations and decided to accept it. Now, for recruitment of secondary grade teachers, Tamil Nadu Teacher Eligibility Test (TNTET) scores will account for 60%, DTEd or DEEd exam marks 25% and higher secondary board exam marks 15%. For graduate assistants, TNTET scores will account for 60%, BEd exam scores 15%, degree aggregate 15% and higher secondary board exam scores 10%.Teachers associations are not happy. \"The TET is unnecessary. It is only mandated in states that recruit unqualified candidates as para teachers. A state like Tamil Nadu which only recruits teachers who have undergone teacher training need not follow the rule,\" said Tamil Nadu Primary School Teachers' Federation president T Kannan. Others said this dashed the hopes of those who had registered with the employment exchange more than a decade ago with hopes of getting a government job.Educationist S S Rajagopalan said academic excellence did not vouch for good classroom management or good character of teachers. \"A teacher grows on the job. No one's born a teacher. A candidate must analyse successes and failures and learn from experience,\" he said. Others felt subject content could not be learnt on the job.Many private schools recruit teachers by asking them to take a demo and then get students' feedback about how well the teacher was able to communicate. When the government is recruiting more than 1,000 teachers at a time this is not possible. The next best thing is academic excellence, felt academics. \"It's a very interesting way for even private schools to think of recruitment,\" said correspondent of Shree Niketan Group of Schools P Vishnucharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746306", "title": "Gujarat girl rescued from Morena", "text": "BHOPAL: The Morena district police on Tuesday rescued a minor girl who was sexually exploited for seven months before being sold for Rs 30,000.Morena superintendent of police (SP) A Jaidevan told TOI that the girl was found in a loading auto-rickshaw during night patrolling at Saraychola area. She had escaped from Badi area in Rajasthan after being sold to a person named Ravi Gujjar by one Bhura Singh Gujjar with whom she had eloped from Gujarat.The victim, a 15-year-old, is a resident of Udalpur (Gujarat) and got in touch with Bhura at a construction site.Bhura took her to Rajasthan on pretext of marriage and exploited her for seven months. Later he sold her to his cousin Ravi for Rs 30,000, said police adding the victim manage to escape with the help of a local resident.\"We have informed the Rajasthan and Gujarat police for further action. Her parents will take her from Morena on Wednesday,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16747367", "title": "Banaras Hindu University organizes Industry-Academia Summit", "text": "VARANASI: To bridge the gap between academic institutions and corporate world, Placement Coordination Cell, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and faculty of Management Studies (FMS), BHU are jointly organising Industry-Academia (IA) Summit 2012 from October 12 to October 13.Giving this information to reporters on Tuesday, dean and head, FMS, BHU, prof SK Singh, eminent personalities from corporate industries and academicians, students and representatives from All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) would interact on a single platform on the occasion.According to Singh, the summit would help shaping the academic syllabus as per the need of the present industries and therefore, enhance the employability of students. Around 40 people from top corporate industries will mark their presence in the event.\"There will be a series of discussions on 'Role of Industry in Enriching Academic Inputs', 'Education-Employability or Degree', 'Responsiveness of Academica Towards Industrial Requirements', and various others will be held on the occasion,\" informed Singh.According to coordinator, Placement Coordination Cell, BHU, HP Mathur, due to lack of industrial training and knowledge, only few students are selected in campus placements.\"Last year, a company selected only two students out of 400, while another prestigious company selected only nine girls out of more than 200 students. Summit is also aimed at increasing the placement records as industrial interaction would help revising the curriculum as per industrial needs,\" he informed.Besides, a national meet of BHU Management Alumni Association (BHUMAA) will also be held at KN Udupa auditorium, BHU on October 14.During the event, alumni of the faculty will be feliciated with different awards, while BHUMAA will sponsor as many as 15 scholarships to the students of the faculty for their separate academic excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747190", "title": "Slow MC makes Ramleela men dance in fury", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Come October 14 and the night air will resound with the thundering action of the Ramleelas, based on the epic, Ramayana. But the delay in getting approvals for ground use to hold the shows is giving sleepless nights to many organizing committees.With only three days left for the nine-day epic dance-drama to begin - ending with the burning of Ravana on the 10th day - the Municipal Corporation has cleared requests of only 26 out of 46 groups.Chaffing at the slow pace of the whole process, members of Chandigarh Kendriya Ramleela Mahasabha said they had submitted the application on September 4, but only 20 groups have got the go-ahead so far. Most of these have been staging the religious event in the city for more than 30 years. B P Gaur, general secretary of Ramleela Mahasabha said, ''This happens every year. Even though the district commissioner's office has issued the required clearances, the MC is going slow on the approvals. Out of 46 applications filed, 20 were accepted on Tuesday that too after we met additional MC commissioner (ADC) Lalit Siwach and complained about the lax and rude behaviour of the concerned MC official.\"Venting his anger at the civic body, he said, \"Every year, the approval is given at the last minute, causing inconvenience to all groups. There are only a few days left for Ramleelas to begin and instead of concentrating on the rehearsals, we are wasting time running around to get the go-ahead even though we have been performing Ramleela for years on the same grounds.\"Nearly all members of Chandigarh Kendriya Ramleela Mahasabha were present at the MC on Tuesday and they requested the ADC to excuse groups with less funds from putting up CCTV cameras. \"Ramleela is a voluntary show funded by donations from people. Our budget is very less, and on top of it we have to spend nearly Rs 22,000-25,000 every time on installing CCTV cameras. It is not possible for many groups to afford this,\" said another spokesperson of the Mahasabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745646", "title": "HC grants Deccan Chargers 2-day extension", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday gave Deccan Chargers a three-day extension to furnish a Rs 100 crore bank guarantee to BCCI by Friday evening 5 pm.The IPL franchise had gone to court seeking more for time as its deadline expired on Tuesday. Justice SJ Kathawalla had given DC 10 days to furnish the BG from nationalised banks to the board which had issued a termination notice for irremedial breaches of contract.But on Tuesday, DC said it needed more time and sought permission to change the nationalised banks to a consortium of private banks led by ICICI Bank .The BCCI counsel immediately put his foot down saying, \"DC was coming at the last minute seeking time when eight winding up petitions or notices are there against it and MP high court has issued a notice in one petition.\"Subramaniam said it is difficult to trust DC given the Rs 4000 crore debt that it has. The judge asked DC to show a draft Bank Guarantee which it did at the end of the court day.The judge then gave it time of three days but asked it to file a written application for change of banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747376", "title": "Special train to West Bengal to ease rush", "text": "BANGALORE: To clear extra rush , a special train will be introduced between Santragachi in West Bengal and Yeshwantpur. Train No. 08003 Santragachi-Yeshwantpur Express Special will leave Santragachi on Oct 13, 8.45am, to reach Yeshwantpur on Oct 14, 6pm. Train No. 08004 Yeshwantpur \u2014 Santragachi Exp Special will leave Yeshwantpur on Oct 15, 8.20pm, and reach Santragachi on Oct 17, 12.10pm.TRAIN TIMINGS REVISEDTrain No. 06221 Mysore - Bangalore City Daily Express Special will leave Mysore at 9.15am instead of 8am, and reach Bangalore at 1.10pm instead of 11.15am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16744933", "title": "Left demands probe into Kejriwal\u2019s allegations against Robert Vadra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left parties on Tuesday demanded a probe into allegations by India Against Corruption members Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan against Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra getting undue favours from realty giant DLF.\"The allegations are against the UPA chairperson's relative. The government should order a probe immediately. Why are they afraid of a probe? Only a probe can prove if the allegations are baseless,\" CPM leader Basudeb Acharia said.Earlier, the CPM politburo had demanded that \"business dealings and affairs of these companies should be investigated by relevant authorities\".CPI, too, demanded a probe into the allegations. Speaking to TOI, CPI leader D Raja said, \"There must be a probe and if the allegations are found to be baseless, the affected parties can file a defamation suit.\"On finance minister P Chidambaram dismissing the need for a probe, Acharia said, \"If the deals violate company laws, money laundering Act or other laws of the land, shouldn't there be a probe?\"Raja said Chidambaram was talking in technical terms since the deals were between two private individuals. \"But morally and politically, a probe is required to find out if Delhi and Haryana governments gave undue favours,\" he said.Senior CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta had earlier told TOI, \"The best way to deal with this is to have a judicial probe. I condemn what Mr Chidambaram said about no probe required. One after another, CAG reports have indicted the government. The guilty should be brought to book.\"Dasgupta, however, had raised suspicion about Kejriwal's motive. \"If he really wants to fight corruption, why is he holding one press conference after another? He should seek an enquiry into the allegations. This raises the question whether he is fighting a proxy war against the Congress leadership.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16747591", "title": "Mhadei issue: WRD officials visit Karnataka's diversion site", "text": "KERI: Is the Goa government finally getting its act together on the Mhadei water diversion issue?Following orders of the chief minister on October 1, and the upcoming hearing before the Union government-appointed Mhadei Water Dispute Tribunal on October 16, top officials of Goa's water resources department landed at Kankumbi in Karnataka on Monday morning.With camera in tow, WRD chief engineer Sadeep Nadkarni, superintendent engineer (Circle III) Shrikant Patil, Goa Tillari Irrigation Corporation MD Premanand Kamat and others visited the diversion site at Kalasa.Here work is under way to connect the Mhadei basin to Malaprabha basin through a tunnel of 2,550 m and an open cut channel of 1,740 m.The Karnataka Neeravari Nigam Ltd has been working on the Kalasa-Bhandura canal, to divert 7.56 tmc feet of water, since October 2, 2006.Nadkarni said, \"We will make the best efforts to present our case before the tribunal. We are confident that Goa will get justice since any damming and diversion of the Mhadei's tributaries will hamper Goa's interests.\"The officials were informed by environmentalists that the proposed Kalasa dam site is about 231.27 m from the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary, and the Kalasa diversion work site is 3.17 km from it. They fear the project will destroy the ecology.The officials visited Kambarves, Ambyacho Vhal and Mauli temple where canal construction is under way.Kankumbi sarpanch Mangesh Naik told TOI, \"Our villagers are badly affected. In the last week, eight people received 29,50,000 from the Karnataka government as compensation for cracks in their houses. Our water table has depleted too, affecting nearly 40 open wells and about a dozen borewells.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747333", "title": "Senior citizen help cops nab chain snatcher", "text": "NAGPUR: Alertness of a 59-year-old woman helped cops nab a chain-snatcher at Wakilpeth, MIG quarters, in Imambada police station area on Monday evening.Asha Dhok with her daughter-in-law Kanta were walking home when a youth came running from behind and tried to snatch Kanta's gold chain. However, she instinctively grabbed the chain, resulting in the thief getting only a small broken portion of it.Asha raised an alarm, which alerted the residents. Based on the directions given by the victim, the residents chased the thief who was on foot and nabbed him at Reshimbagh ground. He was thrashed and handed over to Imambada police. Police seized the stolen portion of the chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16747580", "title": "Mayawati fires fresh salvo at Akhilesh Yadav, Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party leaders have been calling chief minister Akhilesh Yadav as a 'naive', but for the first time after losing power party supremo Mayawati not only made a direct attack on Yadav, but also used 'unsavoury word' against him and his father Mulayam Singh Yadav for scrapping public holiday on occasion of BSP founder Kanshi Ram's death anniversary and renaming schemes and institutions named after dalit icons.\"The Congress-led UPA government did not declare national mourning on the death of our respected leader Kanshi Ram six years ago. SP was in power in UP in 2006 and it also did not declare state mourning. The BJP and other parties also remain silent. This shows anti-dalit mentality of all the parties,\" said Mayawati, while addressing a gathering of over three lakh people in the Mahasankalp rally. It was the first rally organised by Mayawati after losing power in the state in the assembly elections in March earlier this year, which saw the BSP losing grip over its core vote bank - dalits.Narrating how 'atrocities' against dalits have increased during SP rule, Mayawati said, \"The SP government has not only changed names of the institutions, schemes and districts named after dalit icons, more than 18 incidents of vandalising statues of Babasaheb Ambedkar, include one of mine, have been reported from different parts of the state.\" She attributed the move to cancel public holiday on death anniversary of Kanshi Ram as \"mean mentality of father and son duo\".Targeting Akhilesh, Maya said Akhilesh has beaten his father Mulayam in making announcements and not fulfilling them. \"This boy has become a bigger 'ghoshna mukhyamantri' than his father. He takes decision and takes back the other day,\" she added. The SP is wasting money on publicising its schemes, but has not fulfilled its poll promises including unemployment allowance and Muslim quota. She said that under SP rule, UP has become a crime state, where mafia rule and women fear to come out of houses after sunset. She also targeted Congress government in Haryana for rise in crime against dalits in the state.Claiming that when the BSP was in power, it gave respect to the icons of all the parties, Mayawati said that SP's anti-dalit mentality could be gauged from its opposition to the constitutional amendment bill on providing reservation in promotion. \"It was under my pressure that the UPA government brought the bill, but Mulayam blocked it. The SP should be ready for tit-for-tat treatment when BSP will come to power. Mulayam should not forget that all OBCs including Yadavs are getting quota facility because of provisions made in the constitution by its architect Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar ,\" she said.In a bid to woo Muslims, Mayawati said that in her four terms as chief minister of UP, not a single incident of communal violence took place, but in first six months of the present SP regime, over 10 riots have taken place. She said that the SP government is and would be distributing tablet PCs, laptops, Kanya Vidhya Dhan and unemployment allowance only to SP workers. Most of the welfare schemes started by her government are being carried out by the SP regime, but after changing the name and format. The infrastructure development initiative taken by her are now taking shape, but the SP is taking credit, she added.Targeting Mulayam's brother and senior minister Shivpal Yadav, Mayawati said that corruption is at its peak in the present SP government. \"One of the minister has told officers that stealing is fine, but don't loot. He said so because leader has kept the right to loot to himself and his other colleagues in the government,\" she added sarcastically. She alleged that posting and transfers of officers are being done after taking huge commissions. Mayawati also accused the SP government of create hurdles in organising rally but despite lakhs of people attended the rally and gave credit to the BSP leaders for it.She also alleged that Congress and BJP helped SP win in the assembly elections held earlier this year. She claimed that the BJP and Congress transferred their vote base in their weak seats to SP. \"This explains why SP won with absolute majority with only 3% more than BSP. The difference between total votes of BSP and SP was only 24 lakh, but it translated into difference of 144 seats in the assembly elections,\" she said, and added that all those officers who are harassing party workers and leaders and implicating them on false corruption and criminal charges will be penalized when the BSP will come back to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746766", "title": "Mendola may appear before enforcement directorate", "text": "INDORE: The enforcement directorate (ED) has issued notification to Nanda Nagar Co-operative Housing Society in connection with the Sugni Devi land scam cases.However, the chairman of the society, the BJP MLA, Ramesh Mendola, has sought some time for furnishing the reply. A source from ED office here told ToI that Mendola is now likely to appear before the ED office October 15.The source added that as of now only the relevant documents have been asked to be furnished before the ED. It is to be noted that the documents seized by lokayukta and Indore Municipal Corporation in this connection bear the signatures of Mendola. The documents that have been required by the ED include the resolutions that were passed by the society.Ramesh Mendola, has sought some time for furnishing the reply to the ED.He may appear before the ED on October 15", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16744932", "title": "Doctor's home burgled in Kalkaji", "text": "NEW DELHI: A doctor's Kalkaji residence was ransacked and valuables worth Rs 5 lakh - including jewellery - were burgled from the house on Tuesday. The incident was reported hours after a senior citizen's residence at C R Park was robbed.The doctor, who stays in B Block, Kalkaji, told TOI that he had left home for his clinic on Tuesday morning. His wife also left after some time. \"When I returned home at 5pm, I saw that the lock on my main door was broken. Even the other door was open. I found that almost all electronic items were missing. Jewellery worth Rs 4.2 lakh was also missing from the safe along with cash worth Rs 80,000,\" he said.Cops said that a police team has collected fingerprints from the spot. \"We suspect the involvement of an insider. We are questioning everyone who had access to the house,\" said an investigating officer.police have registered a case of burglary and is further investigating the case. The incident, coming hours after another robbery committed in a senior citizen's residence at C R Park - also under the Kalkaji police station - has sent the cops in a tizzy. The incident was reported from the B Block of Kalkaji in southeast Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16747259", "title": "Anna, inflation to feature in Durga Puja pandals", "text": "PATNA: Come Dussehra and the current events and colourful lights cover the city skyline. This Durga Puja will be no different as organizers have decided to make corruption and inflation their main themes in pandals.\"Through high-tech lighting systems we are trying to show Anna Hazare fighting corruption, a farmer committing suicide due to inflation, a common man suffering because of mean politicians, latest fuel price hike and shortage of cylinders,\" said Rajesh Singh, president, Shri Krishnapuri Durga Puja Samiti. He also claimed to have the longest lighting arrangement in the city - from AN College to Karlo showroom.Durga Puja Samiti, Boring Road, is creating cartoons which will move with the help of machines and lights. The one is about a corrupt monster being killed by 'Bharat Mata' while another is about Anna Hazare shouting slogans against corruption. There will be moving cartoons of Gandhi's three monkeys and a wife beating her drunken husband. \"We are spending around Rs1 lakh on lighting,\" said Umesh Singh, president of the Samiti. \"We are placing 80 poles using LD, mercury and various kinds of lights to give 15 different effects. Besides, we will also illuminate 10 main buildings in the area with Chinese lights,\" Singh said.To attract the devotees, Durga Puja Samiti, Rukanpura has prepared a laser show on 'corruption'. \"We would also be lighting the road from the flyover to Jagdeo path,\" said Subhash Kumar, member of the samiti.\"We have designed a 10-minute show where all the idols would move with the help of machines. In the show, Maa Durga is coming from sky to save a child praying her to save his life from a monster. She comes and throws a fireball on the monster killing him instantly,\" said Upender Singh, president, Shri Shri Durga Puja Samiti, Shekhpura Durga Ashram. There would be real fireballs and the show would be performed after every 30 minutes in the evening.\"A laser and sound show of Maa Durga blessing all the visitors would be the major attraction at our pandal,\" said Kedar Nath Singh, treasurer, Durga Puja Samiti, Khajpura Shiv Mandir which is spending over Rs1 lakh on lighting the road between Ashiana Mor and Kishore Palace at Jagdeo Path.Shri Bharat Mandir Vikas Parishad, Nuruddinganj, Patna City, famous for its 'chalti-firti-bolti' (mobile and talking) Devi, is narrating four tales through lights, sound and moving idols. \"We are showing 'Shiv vivah', 'Mata Parvati ki vidai', Lord Shiv imparting knowledge of Tantra-vidya to Parvati and Shiv soothing the anger of Maa Kali ,\" said Shyam Babu Prasad, president of the samiti. Idol of Bharat Mata would be the centre of attraction.Lighting the road between Kotwali and Frazer Road, Durga Puja Samiti, Dak Bungalow, has chosen 'spirituality' as its theme. Sanjeev Prasad 'Tony', president of the samiti said, \"Electricians from Chandan Nagar (West Bengal) are creating scenes with LD lights showing people worship Maa Durga, Sai Baba and Maa Kali. There will also be a scene of zoo and circus through lights and machines to attract kids.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16746001", "title": "Labor and Construction Co-operative Federation scam quizzing begins today", "text": "LUCKNOW: While addressing a gathering at Rama Bai Rally Sthal here on Tuesday afternoon, former chief minister Mayawati accused the state government of widespread corruption. Around the same time, some 15 kilometers away, special investigation bureau (SIB) at the headquarters of the co-operative cell (CoC) of UP Police in Mahanagar was giving final touches to the questionnaire it plans to put up before nine former cabinet colleagues of Mayawati in the multi-crore Labor and Construction Co-operative Federation (LACCFED) scam. The questioning begins on Wednesday morning.The list of former ministers who have been served a 'safina' (notice seeking co-operation in investigation of a case) includes close Mayawati aide and former minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Swami Prasad Maurya, Chaudhary Lakshmi Narayan, Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi, Babu Singh Kushwaha, Awadhpal Singh Yadav, Sadal Prasad, Rangnath Mishra and Anees Ahmad Ansari. The former ministers face charges of irregularities in allocation of funds to LACCFED. Minister for Labour in Mayawati cabinet Badshah Singh was also facing similar allegations by the SIB and was finally arrested by the CoC last week.The role of the former ministers came under the scanner after Pravin Singh, public relations officer (PRO) of LACCFED spilled the beans on their role. In most cases, the ministers were paid crores of rupees in advance on the assurance that they will provide the federation contracts for construction of ITI bhawans, polytechnic hostels, employment exchanges, homeopathy hospitals, court rooms, veterinary hospitals, morgues and advertisement walls under various schemes between 2010 and 2011. As per Singh's statement, each of the ministers was provided a cut of some Rs 300 crore in all against promises of being provided business from the state agency.The SIB sources said former panchayati raj minister Swami Prasad Maurya will be questioned on irregularities in allocation of Rs 143 crore to the federation under the Backward Regions Grant Fund scheme. Similarly, irregularities have been detected in the allocation of Rs 31 crore for construction and renovation of four ITI buildings and construction of four educational counselling centres by the minister for education in Mayawati cabinet Chaudhary Lakshmi Narayan.Naseemuddin Siddiqui will face questions over allocation of over Rs 12 crore to the federation for construction of three agriculture fertiliser test laboratories, 15 post-mortem houses and two plastic surgery-cum-burn centres from different ministries he was in charge of during the erswhile Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) regime.As per LACCFED sources, similar irregularities were detected in allocation of over Rs 1.5 crore for construction of 10 homoeopathy hospitals and a hostel by the minister concerned-Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi. Former minister for animal husbandry Awadhpal Singh Yadav will be grilled over allocation of Rs 68 lakh for construction of eight veterinary hospitals to the agency.Babu Singh Kushwaha is also in line of the SIB fire for allocation of over Rs 53 crore for construction of 554 National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) sub-centers, eight courtrooms and one building of the Mining department. Kushwaha was minister for family welfare and mines in the previous government. Since he is presently in Dasna jail following his arrest by the CBI in connection with the NRHM scam, the SIB is planning to seek his remand for the purpose.Apart from Kushwaha, another former minister Sadal Prasad had allocated over Rs 11 crore for construction of 12 polytechnic hostels, while Rangnath Mishra granted Rs 16 crore for construction of 25 upper primary schools and installation of signboards at Navodaya schools. Minister for minority welfare in Mayawati's cabinet Anees Ahmad Ansari too allocated over Rs 18 crore for supply work in the Minority Welfare Department.In February 2012, a case was lodged with Hussainganj police in Lucknow by LACCFED general manager (administration and finance) PN Singh Yadav accusing the management of embezzlement. Formed under the co-operative department, LACCFED was recognised as state agency in May 2010 and was entitled to undertake small construction/renovation work of government departments not exceeding Rs 10 lakh per contract.The investigations into the case gained momentum after the Akhilesh government came to power in March 2012 after the case was transferred to the Co-Operative Cell of the UPP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746802", "title": "Rift with NCP results in Cong walkout", "text": "NASHIK: The rift between the Congress and the NCP surfaced at the zilla parishad meeting on Tuesday, culminating in a walkout in protest by Congress, Shiv Sena, BJP and CPIM members.The house met after three months and discussed finalizing the minutes of the last general meeting. Some women members of the Shiv Sena in the house wanted to raise an issue regarding appointment of teachers in schools when NCP's leader of the house Prakash Wadje was making a statement. This led to chaos when the vice president of the house, Sampak Sakale demanded the women members be allowed to speak. However, the president of the house, Jayashree Pawar, allowed Wadje to continue, triggering pandemonium. While Pawar is from the NCP, Sakale is from the Congress. With nobody willing to backoff, Sakale, upset with the president siding with some members, objected and warned of staging a walkout. After repeated warnings failed to change the situation, members of the Congress, Shiv Sena, BJP and CPIM staged a walkout. The house continued to function for the rest of the day and the meeting approved the minutes of the last meeting, incorporating minor corrections and adopted other issues. Before concluding, Wadje put it on record that there could have been misunderstandings between the members who'd staged a walkout and him, but those were unintended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747084", "title": "CBI files FIR in Jethava murder case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI has filed a fresh FIR in the RTI activist Amit Jethava murder case on Tuesday. The Gujarat high court in September handed over investigation in this case to CBI.The FIR, said CBI officials, has been lodged in the agency's special crime branch at Delhi. The Jethava case was first investigated by Sola police. But, when name of BJP MP from Junagadh, Dinu Bogha Solanki, figured in the case the probe was handed over to Ahmedabad crime branch. Solanki on the other hand has moved the Supreme Court against this Gujarat HC order to hand over probe to CBI.Crime branch officials arrested nephew of Dinu, Shiva Solanki, as the mastermind along with four others who were involved in the shooting. Jethava had filed numerous RTI applications and a PIL against illegal mining in the Gir forest and he was shot dead right outside the Gujarat high court on July 20, 2010. Then the matter was once again transferred and the probe was handed over to Raghvendra Vats, superintendent of police of Surendranagar district.The Gujarat high court in September transferred the investigation to CBI and also pulled up the city police for its shoddy probe. Since 2010, this is the sixth case involving politicians or top cops that has been transferred to the CBI. While handing over the probe, the court noticed that police officers investigating the case had paid heed to accused persons instead of taking into account statements of witnesses. It also observed that phone call records had been tampered with and that the probe was far from being fair and independent.CBI officials said that now that FIR has been lodged, they have now moved to get custody of case papers and investigation reports that are now with the Surendranagar SP. \"Unlike in other cases being investigated by us in Gujarat, this case will not pose a problem for translating all case-related documents from Gujarati to English. Since the case papers were also submitted before the Gujarat HC all the case papers are already in English,\" said an officer of CBI who is part of the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747116", "title": "When push comes to stove", "text": "RANCHI: With soaring prices of domestic LPG cylinder soaring restriction on number of subsidized cylinders one can avail, people of Jharkhand are facing a tough time to keep the home fires burning. While many are purchasing cylinders in black market at Rs 1,200 per cylinder, other have opted for alternative cooking options like electric stoves and induction cookers. In Jharkhand, a customer can get only six subsidized domestic LPG cylinders per financial year and for every additional cylinder the cost will depend on the prevailing market price.Nandita Bhattacharya, a housewife, said she has been facing lots of problem in getting a LPG cylinder for the last five-six months. \"Whenever I book a cylinder, the delivery takes at least 15 days. At times the dealer informs that there is a problem in supply from the company and the cylinder will be delivered a bit late - anything between three and four weeks,\" said Bhattacharya, who last month bought a cylinder from the black market for Rs 900. A couple of days ago, when she again tried to procure a cylinder from the black market for the birthday party of her son, the trader demanded Rs 1,200. Instead of buying a cylinder, she bought an ordinary electric stove for Rs 300.Like Nandita, many other homemakers have opted for alternate products to mitigate the LPG crisis. Those who have children have gone for a costly induction cookers because if their safety. \"I had gone to the market to buy an ordinary electric cooker, but when the shopkeeper offered me a 35% discount on an induction cooker I happily bought one. I am glad that it is safe and cooks fast,\" said Anita Singh, who has a five-year-old son who often plays in the kitchen while she cooks. A prominent electrical appliance brand was even giving up to 50% discount of selected induction cookers and specially-designed utensils.Sources in one of the petroleum companies admitted that there has been a huge rise in black market prices of LPG. While a subsidized cylinder cost around Rs 430, the rate of non subsidized cylinder is around Rs 900-980. \"I know some people who sell their domestic cylinder for Rs 500 to black marketeers, who in turn sell it for around Rs 1,200,\" said a source. He added that since a cylinder is purchased by a genuine customer and from the authorised retailer they cannot do anything about it.IOC chief area manager Uday Kumar said that no one should buy cylinders from the black market as non-subsidized cylinders are easily available with agents. IOC is the leading LPG cylinder supplier in the state. \"Anyone can get any number of cylinders legally by paying the price. After the sixth cylinder the customer needs to pay the prevailing market price. If someone is trying to cheat them then they should approach us and we will resolve the problem,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747098", "title": "Trader's diamonds, cash vanish from bike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A diamond trader of Odhav has filed a complaint for theft of a packet of diamonds worth Rs 20.60 lakh and Rs 1.40 lakh cash from his parked bike on Monday. Police have asked the trader to furnish papers for the consignment.According to Odhav police, Naresh Patel, 49, a resident of Divya Jivan Plots on Naroda-Nikol road, owns a diamond trading firm at Jay Ambe Complex near Manek Chowk. According to his complaint, he was returning from his office at 9.30 pm on Monday when he stopped at Harikrisha Complex on Nikol Road to visit a hardware store. At that time, he had kept the valuables including diamonds and cash in a pouch on his bike.\"Patel had gone to inquire about the paints options as his son was getting married after Diwali and he wanted to renovate his house before that. He spent around 15 minutes at the store and went back to the bike when he realized that the pouch was open. He saw inside and found the cash and diamonds gone. He then approached police with his complaint,\" said an Odhav police official.Investigators, however, are skeptical about the claim. \"Patel has so far not given any documents related to the transaction of diamond or cash, nor is there any eyewitness to the incident. However, we have registered a complaint and have started investigation,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746157", "title": "Over 5,000 pending mining leases in MP worry investors", "text": "BHOPAL: The mining sector in Madhya Pradesh , in the limelight for all the wrong reasons, has come to a virtual standstill with the state failing to clear over 5,000 applications for mining and prospecting leases. Some are pending for as long as over five years.In view of the delay in clearances, few investors have already decided pull out and cancel their memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the state government while others are exploring possibilities in other states.Taking note of the situation, officials of the state industry department have requested the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and chief secretary R Parshuram to take necessary initiatives to clear the pending applications, so as to encourage and attract more investors in the state during the Global Investors meet scheduled on October 28-29.According to official figures, MP is placed second in the country with about 5,395 pending applications for reconnaissance permits (RP), prospecting licenses (PL) and mining leases (ML). Topping the charts is Karnataka with 19,449 pending applications. The figure of pending applications is based on the quarterly reports submitted by the states to the Centre, said sources.During a recently held meeting, the central coordination cum empowered committee had asked MP government to step up procedural formalities to dispose of pending applications in compliance of set norms - which mandate clearance of RP, PL and ML in 3, 6 and 9 months respectively.\"The mining industry is in total disarray. People who had signed MoUs during the last global investors meet are still awaiting clearance from the government,\" an investor told TOI. Some investors have approached CM with their complaint, but to no avail.The state mining department is functioning without a 'secretary' for the last two and a half months.Senior IAS officer, S N Mishra, who took charge as mining secretary in June - after Sheilendra Singh's transfer - is on medical leave for two and a half months. Singh was removed within two months of his posting allegedly after he initiated inquiry against one of his predecessors.A lokayukta inquiry on a complaint alleging corruption in allotment of mines in MP is also pending. State mining minister Rajendra Shukla has also approached CM seeking appointment of a new secretary in the mining department to clear the pending files.Apart from this, administrative lethargy and procedural delays coupled with hold-ups in clearances and change of officers are also attributing for increase in number of pending applications. Chief secretary R Parshuram could not be contacted for his comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16747220", "title": "PMC sanitation workers go on strike", "text": "PATNA: Foul smell emanating from heaps of garbage greeted the denizens as around 3,500 sanitation workers of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) went on a three-day strike on Tuesday. Brief spell of rain only added to the woes of Patnaites. The PMC officials, however, had not made any alternative arrangement for the residents.The agitating workers were present in full strength at the PMC office on Maurya Lok complex, shouting slogans in support of their demands and against the new agency entrusted with the task of lifting garbage from the PMC wards.A PMC official admitted that some of the workers' grievances were genuine. \"But they are unable to understand that PMC does not generate so much revenue to pay them on a regular basis. If the sanitation work is being handed over to any private agency the agencies would at least pay them on regular basis.\"Chandra Prakash Singh, president, PMC staff union said, \"We met the PMC commissioner, Pankaj Kumar Pal, on Monday but he could not give us any assurance. Now we will meet the urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar to find a solution.\"Another PMC official said, \"The newly appointed company would only deal with the garbage. PMC would deal with drain cleaning, manhole, street lights and other civic issues. We would provide manpower to the private agency. So, this strike is out of context.\"According to the PMC staff union, the officials had decided to hand over the sanitation work to Bihar Urban Infrastructure Development Corporation (BUIDCO). But BUIDCO, or any other outsourced private company, would not absorb the existing PMC staff and daily wage workers. Even the increased salary of the staff and the payments of the daily wage workers are yet to be cleared by the PMC. \"If the private agency takes over, who would clear the payments due to us,\" asked Ramlal, a sanitation worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chargava (jabalpur)", "code": "16746376", "title": "Starved tribal hostel inmates plead with police for food", "text": "CHARGAVA (JABALPUR): Last Sunday Man Singh, a shy and frail Bheel lad overcame his fear of khaki. Along with four of his hostel mates, he walked up to Lokendra Singh, town inspector of the area and complained how inmates of Chargava tribal boys hostel were starving since last 48 hours.They, pleaded the 16-year-old, \"had no money and didn't know whom to approach for a meal because the warden visited them only once a week. So could the darogaji register a complaint and treat them to a bowl of rice and dal.\"After feeding the group, Singh reached the hostsel only to find the kitchen bolted, the cook missing and the two kerchief sized rooms meant to accommodate 20 boys studying in class 6 to 10, deserted.The TI contacted authorities, setting off a panic wave. And now as the children who had fled are being cajoled to return, officials in the tribal development department get busy in damage control.We have already looked into the incident, regional coordinator in the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747263", "title": "Punjab drafts policy for marriage palaces", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an attempt to resolve crisis that marriage palace owners in the state are facing, Punjab has drafted a new policy for existing marriage palaces.Government officials said it has been decided to come out with the comprehensive policy for marriage palaces so that they can be regularized.The new policy focuses on public convenience, public safety and smooth parking arrangement by each marriage palace. The policy mandates that each marriage palace would meet fire safety norms as public security cannot be compromised. The policy has created a new category for marriage palaces as earlier it was clubbed under commercial category giving a major relief to the owners.The policy is working out classification of marriage palaces as per their location and size and detailed rates of change of land use, licence fee and other charges payable at regularisation would be notified in the policy. Keeping in view that working of marriage palaces was seasonal activity, a separate category for marriage palaces has been created.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747257", "title": "Uniform building bylaws in Punjab soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab government has moved a proposal to have uniform building bylaws in the state so as to ensure planned growth of urban areas and check harassment of public by multiple authorities.The announcement was made by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal on Tuesday.\"Bylaws for different buildings have been creating confusion for both developers and public who often get harassed. Plus, these laws have resulted in haphazard growth in the urban areas. There is a need for uniformity,\" Badal Jr said.At present, bylaws in Punjab are different for buildings under state's IT department, municipal corporations, local bodies and urban development bodies.The government has tasked the urban development authorities to come out with a model set of building byelaws which would be applicable to all buildings whether industrial, commercial, IT sector or residential.The simplification would also result in early clearance of building plans submitted by the people.\"A separate procedure on decentralization of building plan approval system has been conceived to encourage people to opt for sanctioned plan and ensure uniform development of urban areas\" said Badal.In the same meeting, the government also mooted a proposal by a representation of builders to introduce incremental floor area ratio for individual residential plots.If cleared, the new reform would give a major relief to plot holders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747131", "title": "Ek duje ke liye on operating table", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bharat Patel (57) and his wife Malvika (54) recently underwent knee-replacement surgery together. They got admitted to the hospital on the same day, got operated back-to-back, and are now recovering together!\"I experienced difficulty in walking for the past two years and Malvika too complained of severe knee pain,\" Patel says. \"Last year, we went to Las Vegas to visit our daughter and had to walk a lot for sightseeing. I got a major knee problem. We somehow managed to come back and then consulted an orthopaedic surgeon. I was advised a knee surgery as both my knees were arthritic. Malvika also had her knees tested and she too was diagnosed with the same problem.\"Instead of getting knee replacements done by turn, the couple decided to undergo surgeries together so that not only would they have company but would also recover at the same time. \"Both of us are extremely fond of travelling and decided to get operated and be back on our feet together,\" Patel says. \"My brother's family and daughters encouraged us to go ahead and assured us of care. We agreed and we are glad since it has been a nice experience to compare notes and find our feet together.\"Senior orthopaedic surgeon Dr Haresh Bhalodiya, who operated on the Patel couple, says that over the years the knee-replacement surgery has been accepted people as a procedure which promises mobility over living a highly restricted lifestyle.\"People are not scared of the surgery anymore as they wish live a quality life,\" said Dr Bhalodiya. Echoing this sentiment is the Mehta couple which underwent the surgery together recently. Jashwant Mehta is 76 while Jaswantiben is 69 years old. \"Both of us were suffering from severe immobility for the past two years,\" Mehta told TOI. \"My sons persuaded us to undergo the surgery together as they reasoned it would be easier for them to look after us at the same time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16747537", "title": "Youth goes missing from college", "text": "TRICHY: Mystery shrouds the disappearance of a second year commerce student of Trichy's Jamal Mohamed College, who, the police suspect might have been kidnapped in return for a hefty ransom from his Chidambaram-based industrialist father. Mohamed Fazil (20) was enrolled in the commerce stream in the self-financing section of the college.The news of the alleged kidnap was told to a senior police officer by a person close to Fazil's father, Mohamad Yasin, who in turn alerted the Cuddalore district police headquarters. The Chidambaram Town police immediately instructed Yasin to file a formal complaint. A case under Section 364 of the IPC on was filed Monday. Police held talks with Yasin on Monday and Tuesday.A police official probing the incident said, \"Yasin told me that he did receive a ransom call for Rs 2 crore from an unidentified source, but since he was in a state of shock, did not want to approach the police for help. It was after a family friend alerted the police we came to know of the incident.\" The official further said that the telephone number from which the call was made had since remained incommunicado and the student was still untraced.Fazil's disappearance was first noticed at the college hostel on October 7 when he did not attend the night study. The absence of boy was intimated to the principal Khader Mohidheen, who immediately contacted his parents. \"But they did not evince much interest about the disappearance of the boy who had, according to his friends, he arrived in Trichy by the Cholan Express on the morning of October 7. We are clueless about what happened afterwards,\" said Mohidheen. \"All I can gather is that it is a family problem and I do not think it is any further than that,\" the principal said.Meanwhile, the news of the kidnap has come as a shock for the K K Nagar police in Trichy, in whose jurisdiction the Jamal Mohamed College falls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16747361", "title": "Lawyer shot dead in Mau, working of courts paralysed", "text": "VARANASI: Afzal Ali (42), a lawyer in the Mau district court, was shot dead by two motorcycle-borne miscreants near the residence of tehsildar on Tuesday. Ali's brother has registered an FIR against a lawyer in this connection. Angered by the incident, the lawyers staged a massive demonstration on the district court premises with the body of Ali.According to reports, Ali, a native of Hatthi Madari locality under City Kotwali police station, was sitting at his table in the district court premises when two motorcycle-borne youths reached the spot. They requested Ali to go to Tehsil Sadar for the hearing of their case. Ali joined them on their motorcycle. However, they took Ali about 20 yards away from the Tehsildar's residence and shot him in the head.Ali died on the spot and the killers fled from the scene.The news of the incident spread like wildfire and hundreds of lawyers reached the incident site. On seeing Ali's body, the lawyers went on a rampage. They returned tot eh district court with Ali's body and staged a massive demonstration. As they boycotted work, functioning in all the courts was paralysed.On receiving information, Mau district magistrate Bhupendra S Chawdhary and SP Yogendra Singh, who had gone to Azamgarh to attend chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's programme, rushed to the district court.The DM assured the lawyers that he would try his best to arrange financial assistance for the kin of the deceased lawyer from the CM Relief Fund and all efforts would be made to nab the killers at the earliest. On getting these assurances, the lawyers called off their stir after three and half hours and handed over the body to the police for postmortem examination.Ali's brother Shaukat Ali lodged a named FIR against Aslam alias Nanhe Khan for hatching the conspiracy of this murder. Aslam is also a lawyer by profession but due to involvement in a murder case, he is presently lodged in jail. Shaukat alleged that Aslam had a monetary dispute with Ali as his brother was contesting the murder case in which Aslam is an accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16746964", "title": "SHO injured in encounter", "text": "GURGAON: The station house officer (SHO) of City police station, Ballabhgarh (Faridabad), was injured during a brief encounter with four men accused of murder. The encounter took place in Pataudi late on Monday night . The SHO had followed them with his team from Faridabad and the two sides exchanged fire near Janaula village around 11.30pm. The accused fled the spot leaving their Scorpio car. The car is in police custody and an FIR citing attempt to murder has been lodged.The SHO Sudeep Kumar was investigating the murder case of Virendra Kumar Sarpanch of Chatrola village who was killed in July 2012. On Monday night, SHO got a tip-off that the accused criminals, in a white Scorpio car, were going towards Gurgaon.The police team and criminals exchanged fire near Janaula village. They fled the spot leaving their Scorpio in a field of the village. During the firing, SHO Sudeep Kumar received a bullet injury in his hand. He was taken to Medanta Medicity hospital. \"Doctors have conducted an operation and he is fine now\", said a police official.\"We have lodged an FIR in Pataudi police station against four persons-Ashok, Jagga, Raj and Punit. We have also recovered their Scorpio car with number HR-30-6997. Our teams are on job for searching the accused\", said Beer Singh, ACP (Pataudi).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745548", "title": "Angry over her affair, teen stabs sister to death", "text": "NEW DELHI: An 18-year-old stabbed his younger sister to death in Mandawali, east Delhi, on Monday night after learning that she had visited her boyfriend in the neighbourhood at night. Police said the accused, Sujeet, is on the run.Laxmi Sharma (17), a resident of Mandawali A block, was a class XI student. On Monday night, she reportedly left home around 10pm without informing her family, to visit her friend Ankit's house two blocks away. However, Ankit (22) and his relative called up the Sharma family and asked them to take her home.Police said Sujeet lost his temper in the argument that took place on their returning home, and stabbed Laxmi with a kitchen knife in the heat of the moment.Laxmi and Ankit reportedly met around six months ago when he rented a house in her block. They were reportedly keen to marry but their families were opposed to the match. Ankit told police he did not want to go against his family's wishes and was trying to dissuade Laxmi.Laxmi's family had come to know about their affair three months ago, and Sujeet had warned her to break it off, however the two continued to meet. Later, neighbours said, Ankit had moved out to E block with his brother-in-law Dilip Gupta.On reaching home from Ankit's house, police said, Laxmi was scolded and counselled by her extended family, including her father Ram Kumar Sharma, grandmother, a widowed aunt, stepmother Sunita and four siblings. However, Sujeet lost his cool and stabbed Laxmi in a fit of rage.The panicked family rushed the girl to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital, where she succumbed to her injury after three hours. The postmortem was conducted on Tuesday afternoon and the results are awaited.Police, who were informed about the stabbing at night, recorded the family's statements at the hospital. They also inspected the scene of crime and collected evidence. Police teams have been formed to carry out raids for Sujeet's arrest after a murder case was registered on the statement of his stepmother Sunita.Police said it was not a case of honour killing but a crime of passion. A senior district police officer said, \"The victim did not elope or live with the youth. There was no family restriction on her. She was not stopped from attending school either. In fact, her mother is the complainant in the case, so there is no question of involvement of the family members in the crime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16747130", "title": "Raid in central jail reveals inmate-official nexus", "text": "HAZARIBAG: An early morning raid on Tuesday at the Hazaribag central jail, where more than 100 leaders and members of the CPI (Maoist) and criminals are lodged, yielded five cellphones, sim cards, knives and sharp-edged weapons used to cut iron rods, radio sets, diaries and love letters.The more than five-hour raid was conducted jointly by deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan and SP Manoj Kaushik together with over 150 policemen. The raid started from 4am, which took both the jail authorities and inmates by surprise, and the jail staff did not get any chance to use the alarm bell, said Ranjan.The SP said one of the cellphones was found from the high security cell known as \"anda\" cell (where sensitive prisoners are lodged) where the 82-year-old Maoist leader Narayan Sanyal is lodged, while another was recovered from the next one of another Maoist activist Sunil Ganjhu. The diaries contained telephone numbers of Maoists, criminals and government officials.Both the DC and the SP suspect that the jail officials, including superintendent M Hassan and jailor Chandrasekhar Suman, had deliberately removed the batteries of cellphone jammers at night. \"Conditions prevailing inside the jail proved that the inmates were getting full support from the jail staff in carrying out illegal activities despite a raid which had been conducted in February. We have issued show-cause notices to the jail superintendent and the jailor asking them why action should not be taken against them for blatantly violating the norms laid in the manual,\" said the SP.Kaushik said they had taken the cellphone numbers of all the jail staff as they were apprehensive that the inmates were using their phones too. \"These numbers will be verified with electronic recordings and if it is found the calls were made to criminals for extorting money, criminal cases will be lodged against them,\" said Kaushik.Both the DC and SP inspected the jail hospital and found it in bad shape. They also received complaints that patients were not attended by the jail doctor Narbadeshwar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747126", "title": "Jharkhand Public Service Commission exam schedule annoys students", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC) has announced holding its fifth examination on the pattern of Civil Services Aptitude Test (CSAT) which has created a stir among students of the state.The students say the pattern is correct but they should have been given more time to prepare for the pattern and announcement should have been made a few years ago, just like the UPSC.Vipin Toppo, a JPSC job aspirant said, \"The UPSC announced the pattern of CSAT three years before applying it and we expect the same from the JPSC. But they are giving us a month for preparations as the preliminary examination is to be held in December and they have not even released the syllabus yet.\"He said they had been preparing for the examination on the basis of a previous syllabus and when their preparation was complete, the JPSC wanted them to start preparing again for a different syllabus. \"How is this possible? In such a situation none of us could clear the examination.\"There are a few differences in the original pattern of the JPSC examination and that of CSAT. In the original pattern, there are two papers, one of general science and another optional paper; whereas there are two papers in CSAT - general science and aptitude test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745726", "title": "Rs 1 lakh reward for leads in scribe murders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unable to make a breakthrough in the murders of two former journalists and their family members, Delhi Police have now sought the public's help. It has declared a reward of Rs 1 lakh for information.On January 10, former Navbharat Times columnist Sarojini Bartwal (81) was killed at her Mayur Vihar-1 residence, while on August 21 former Doordarshan employee Radha Krishan Buraru (79) and his wife Durga Devi (75) were killed at their house near Laxmi Nagar, east Delhi.\"There are several similarities in the murders \u2014 the killers got a friendly entry to the houses, nothing precious was taken, and the killers left without a trace,'' said an officer. He said police teams from Mayur Vihar, Shakarpur and Pandav Nagar were still investigating and more than 250 people had been questioned. The special staff and AATS (anti auto theft squad) of east Delhi, and two teams from the crime branch are also part of the probe.The killing of Bartwal, a columnist and music critic of NBT and mother of a political advisor to the British High Commissioner in India, was reported from Pocket IV of Mayur Vihar. Since then, police have questioned literally everyone who had access to the house.\"At several points, we had discussed several possible theories which we believed would lead us to the accused. We are continuously reviewing these theories even as we wait for a final clinching evidence,'' said DCP (east) Prabhakar.Investigations in the double murder of the Buraru couple have remained confined to questioning of the seven tenants who stayed at the residence of the deceased and his immediate relatives. Investigators have now confirmed that the murders took place between 2pm and 3pm, immediately after the couple had sat down for lunch.\"We found that while Buraru had finished his lunch, his wife had only partially finished eating. This establishes that the murders took place immediately after this,'' said an officer.The fact that the two senior citizens were dragged from the room meant they had opened the door in haste, assured that they had positively identified the visitors, claimed cops. Durga's body was recovered in the bathroom by their temporary maid servant, who first raised the alarm. The body of Buraru lay in the bedroom. The PCR call was made around 7.10pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16747066", "title": "Shillong likely to have NE\u2019s first \u2018wool bank\u2019", "text": "SHILLONG: The bulk of Naga shawls are actually made in Amritsar. Same is the case with several other ethnic weaves of the northeast, the reason being lack of enough raw material in the region. This has prompted the Union ministry of textiles to establish what could be the first 'wool bank' in the region.The wool bank is likely to be set up in the state capital with the Central Wool Development Board (CWDB) and the Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) working towards it in coordination with the state government.\"Meghalaya has great potential in this regard, like other northeastern states, and we deserve to have a wool industry and banks in all the states of the region,\" deputy chief minister Bindo M Lanong said at the recent inaugural function of the 2nd Woolen Expo.Observing that the state has vast stretches of prairies \u2014 tree-less swathes of land \u2014 the deputy CM, who also holds portfolio of the veterinary department, said there were plans to begin rearing of cattle, including sheep, in a \"big way\".Pointing out that most of the cattle reared in the state were used for meat consumption, Lanong said it was time for diversification of animal farming into the wool and garment industry, even as he noted that sheep-rearing was rare in the state.He said Meghalaya, which has \"natural infrastructure\", would go ahead with setting up a wool industry in order to open new vistas for employment and economic growth. He added that the state was still at the \"receiving end\" vis-a-vis wool.Adviser to the ICC Nakib Ahmed noted that winters are long in the hilly northeast region, which is part of the cold Himalayan belt, and therefore the wool industry would have a thriving climate in the region and benefit the economically weaker sections of society.\"The wool industry in India is a thriving, over-Rs 5,000 crore business employing thousands of people,\" Ahmed said, adding that the industry was the seventh largest in the world.Government representatives from several northeastern states, besides NGOs, took part in the discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16747261", "title": "Checks fail to put brakes on overloaded autos", "text": "LUDHIANA: The much-touted drive of city traffic police against auto drivers, who by illegally attaching additional seats, in their autos, in violation of provisions have made passengers vulnerable to accidents, is proving to be a damp squib.While traffic cops claim that they are taking strict actions against the violators in the city, the auto drivers continue to violate the law with impunity, putting life of commuters at risk.\"The auto drivers make auto passengers sit at these additional seats. If passengers protest they misbehave and ask them to get down,\" rued Rakesh Singh , a resident of Ferozepur road, while claiming that the drive against auto drivers is turning out to be merely an eye wash.Barely weeks ago, senior traffic police officials in a press conference had claimed that they would take strict action against auto rickshaw drivers who attach additional seats along with the driver's seat in the vehicle and carry passengers on front seats.Another resident Suresh Kumar , resident of Jalandhar Bypass was scared at the sight of passengers having additional seats. \"I have seen a number of times, the auto drivers freely moving on the roads while carrying passengers on additional seats but cops hardly take any action against them. He suggested that the traffic police should take strict action against those who are repeatedly violating the traffic rules.Conveying similar sentiments, Paramjit Singh a resident of Model gram, maintained that the drive of traffic police has not deterred the auto drivers from overloading the passengers and attaching additional seats.One could see, autos carrying passengers on these additional seats near bus terminus and railway station, besides several other places in the city.Traffic cops meanwhile maintained that they had already started taking action against those indulging in violation. Till September this year, as many as 452 auto rickshaw drivers were challanned for carrying commuters on additional seats adjoining driver. Nevertheless, violation still continues.When contacted City traffic in charge, Jasmine Kaur, who recently took over claimed that the drive, which was initiated by his predecessor lost momentum for a while, but is picking up now. \"We have started conducting surprise checking and challaning violators. The menace would be curbed soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16747554", "title": "Should MLAs be allowed to influence the transfer of teachers?", "text": "MLAs should not have the power. They are not educationists. There is a high chance that they will use their political influence to their own benefit. This takes place in not just the educational system but in many other government departments. This is damaging the system and needs to be addressed.Thomas Antonio Da Costa Electrical engineer, VarcaMost of these high schools are private and hence not influenced by MLAs' decisions. The governing council in private schools takes a call on the transfers. I agree with the 'Times View' that giving powers to MLAs can lead to a further politicization of the system. The directorate of education has accepted the policy of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan in toto. Luckily, the CM is also the education minister and should take an appropriate decision for the betterment of teachers and students. Legislators can recommend, but the power to influence transfers should not be in their hands.John Mendonca Former headmaster, FatordaI consider the transfer of government employees, including teachers, as a small and trivial public issue. It may be a major issue for the employee. Transfers are to be effected as per a laid-down policy, but it is an open secret that political pressures are also exerted. Teachers themselves make use of political contacts to retain locations of their convenience. There is no harm if viewers of MLAs are also considered, but no transfers should be at the whims and fancies of MLAs. The recommendations of an MLA should in no way be treated as the only and final document for transfer. A government employee should be prepared to move to any location on transfer. Let us not make a petty matter into a major issue.Prabhakar Timble, Educationist, MargaoNo. The transfer should be on the basis of the requirement for teachers and the region's education department should do it. An MLA's influence may lead to a biased decision. The transfer should be initiated by the teacher or persons in the region's department. Both parties will have an equal right to contest the decision.Mallika Desai Student, Margao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16746037", "title": "Civic officials get showcause notices", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a surprise inspection of zone-6 municipal office conducted on Tuesday morning by officiating municipal commissioner Rakesh Verma, it was found that 27 civic officials had not reported for work. Having under its wings some of the most congested localities of the city, the zonal office situated at Napier Road in Thakurganj, is believed to be the most burdened zonal office due to the high number of complaints and requests it receives daily from old city residents.The absence of the employees shows the indiscipline within the civic quarters, and also reinforces the callous attitude of civic officials who are often blamed for discharging their duties as perfunctory gestures. Meanwhile, in a bid to send out a strong message, Verma instructed the in charge of zone-6 to deduct salary of the absent employees and to find out the reasons for late coming.The inspection was carried out following spate of complaints against zone-6 officials. \"We have issued showcause notices to few employees on charges of laxity,\" Verma said. Officials served notices were BN Agnihotri, Akbar Husain, Ravi Agnihotri and Suresh Misra.The issue of bringing in health cell, tax cell and engineering cell under one roof was also discussed. The zonal officer and chief engineer have been instructed to be present at the zonal office on Saturdays between 10am and 12pm to take stock of civic amenities and complaints in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746447", "title": "Exclusive health scheme for 9 crore urban poor on the anvil", "text": "NEW DELHI: After years of wait, India is all set to have a health programme for its nine crore urban poor.The Expenditure Finance Committee (EFC) on Tuesday cleared the Union health ministry's blue print of a National Urban Health Mission (NUHM).The ministry will soon take the Rs 22,000-crore proposal to the Cabinet. Nearly 75% of this budget will be funded by the Centre.NUHM will be launched in 779 cities or towns that have a population of 50,000 or more along with seven mega cities \u2014 Mumbai, New Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Ahmedabad. Contrary to popular belief, the health standards of the urban poor in most cases are worse than their rural counterparts.More than two million births occur annually among the urban poor, and the health indicators in this group are poor.Around 56% deliveries among the urban poor take place at home. The under-5 mortality among urban poor at 72.7% is significantly higher than the urban average of 51.9%.Nearly 60% urban poor children do not receive complete immunization compared to 58% in rural areas, 47.1% urban poor children less than three are underweight as compared to 45% in rural areas and 59% of women (15-49 age group) are anemic as compared to 57% in rural India.Over 285 million urban people in India account for 28% of the country's total population. It is expected to increase to 33% by 2026.According to projections, out of the total population increase of 371 million during 2001-26, the share of increase in the urban population is expected to be 182 million, who suffer from serious health problems.A health ministry official said, \"The Centre has pledged around Rs 17,000 crore for NUHM. Every state will soon start mapping their existing infrastructure to fill the gaps so that smooth health services are made available to the poor. It will be a city-specific plan. The primary health centres will carry out preventive, clinical and curative services. We envisage keeping the PHC near these slums open from 12 noon to 8 pm so that poor don't miss their wages and can come to a PHC for treatment after work. The PHCs will carry out diagnostics, OPDs, antenatal care, immunization rounds with a referral linkage to a satellite hospital.\"NUHM also got the backing from President Pranab Mukherjee, who as the then finance minister in his Budget speech on March 16, had said, \"NUHM is being launched to encompass the primary healthcare needs of people in urban areas.\"The NUHM will ensure health services for all urban dwellers \u2014 urban poor population, living in listed and unlisted slums besides all other vulnerable population such as homeless, rag-pickers, street children, rickshaw-pullers and other temporary migrants.\"Lack of economic resources inhibiting or restricting their access to private facilities, illegal status, poor environmental condition, overcrowding and pollution has contributed to their poor health status,\" a Planning Commission report said.\"Conservative estimates show that 38 crore people are living in urban areas, and it is projected to increase to 54 crore by 2050. This unprecedented urbanization brings with it influx of migrants, rapid growth of populations, expansion of the city boundaries and a concomitant rise in slum populations and urban poverty,\" it added.At the primary care level, one urban primary health centre will be established for every 50,000 population. An urban social health activist will be posted for every 200-500 households, and a mahila arogya samiti will be established for every 50-100 households, which will be provided an annual united grant of Rs 5,000 per year. NUHM's launch is being constantly deferred since 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745282", "title": "Saudi CoP delegate \u2018retires hurt\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's retired hurt for Kutiaba Asladon, the foreign delegate who fell into a hole when the slab covering a storm water drain in front of Hitex collapsed on Monday. The 50-year-old scientist with the Saudi Arabian Wildlife Authority sustained multiple fractures on his right leg and is now slated to fly back to his country on a Saudi Airlines flight scheduled at 11.15 am on Wednesday.Asladon had just got down from the shuttle when the incident occurred. He was immediately rushed to the recently inaugurated Trauma Care block of the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) in Banjara Hills that is incidentally earmarked as the nodal healthcare centre for CoP-11 delegates.Sources at Nims said that Asladon suffered two small cracks in his right leg, one above the ankle and another below the knee. The doctors have put a casing and he has been advised bed rest for 6-8 weeks. However, the Saudi national is leaving for Riyadh on Wednesday morning. Sources said that Asladon will have to make the four-hour journey in a sleeping posture. Hospital sources said that Saudi Airlines officials even called on him on Tuesday to figure out the logistics of his travel back home. They added that Asladon was calm and cool in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16749429", "title": "Samsung Galaxy Note II: Bigger, better, smarter", "text": "Galaxy Note, a smartphone so big that it created its own category termed phablet, was a sleeper hit. Its success seems to have inspired Samsung to do even better. And better in this case is the Note II, a hunk of a device in terms of looks as well as its top-of-the-line hardware.Note II is a powerful and multi-functional device. It is not a smartphone because it is too big. And it is not a tablet because it is too small. But it can function like both and given its powerful hardware and some smart software can do justice to its all-in-one credentials.Barring the build quality, which in typical Samsung fashion remains plasticky, Note II is perfect. It is fast and there is no hint of lag, irrespective of the number of apps running in the background or the work you are doing. Screen is bright, has fantastic touch response and shows vivid colours. Pictures taken with the primary camera are sharp and detailed in daylight, though in low light some grain creeps in. The 1080 videos, though not as good as the still pictures, are bright and have everything in focus. The front camera works well during video chats. GPS locks within seconds and is accurate. Browsing performance is flawless. Speakers are loud and sound is clear. The bundled video player can handle FullHD videos, whether they are in .avi format or .mkv with ease.Even Touchwiz, the custom user interface that Samsung puts on its Android devices and which we never liked much, has improved. It has better animation effects when a user switches between tasks or closes the apps and feels much more polished compared to the earlier versions of Touchwiz.What we like 1. The real star with Note II is its stylus and the way it works with the bundled app, S Note. Compared to the stylus in the original Note, the one in the newer device feels more responsive and natural. With S Note, users can take down notes in handwriting, annotate images with text and sketch a scene or portrait. It also has several features like handwriting recognition, which converts the hand-written notes into text.2. Split-window mode, which can be launched by long-pressing the back button, for multitasking is fantastic. It doesn't support all apps but major ones like Youtube, Gmail, Browser etc are supported. This enables a user to work on two windows simultaneously, a real boon given the expansive screen of the device.3. Battery life is very good with heavy use involving lots of photography, gaming, YouTube use and browsing on 3G connection, the battery lasts a little over 14 hours. On normal use, the device can easily chug along for over 22 hours before requiring charging.What we don't 1. Even though it is by design, Note II is too big to be used as a phone to make calls. It is neither comfortable nor looks good. The best way to use Galaxy Note II for phone calls is going to be by pairing it with a Bluetooth headset, something that may not be comfortable for all.2. The back cover is made of plastic. This is not exactly surprising given how much Samsung seems to love thin and cheap-feeling plastic back covers. All galaxy devices have them. But we wish in future Samsung will move away from the plastic. At least on premium devices like Note II because the plastic doesn't feel premium enough, even with all the gloss and faux metal finish.3. Only a handful of apps support split-window mode. Though, we cannot really fault Samsung for this. The split-window mode is a unique way to multitask and developers are yet to write apps for it. But at the same time it is also true that the lack of support within apps limits its usefulness somewhat.Bottomline While there is virtually nothing wrong with Note II, you need to keep in mind that it is a special-purpose device that is worth its price only if you need its stylus and big screen. Smartphones like Galaxy S3 or HTC One X are easier to handle as well as cheaper compared to Note II. Similarly, if you want a very big screen, iPad or 7-inch tablet like Galaxy Tab 310 are better deals.The appeal of Note II lies in marrying the smartphone portability and functionality with a stylus and a large screen. It's a perfect device for people who find smartphones too limiting and tablets too big because they can't fit in a jeans pocket. If you fall in this category, Note II is an easy fit for you. At MRP of 39,900 (market price is likely to be lower) Note II doesn't come cheap. But its performance and functionality, if you need it, more than justify the price.Specs 5.5-inch Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen (720x1280 pixels) | 1.6GHz quad-core processor with Mali 400MP GPU | 2GB RAM | 16GB internal memory, expandable with up to 64GB microSD | 8-megapixel rear camera with autofocus, LED flash, 1080p FullHD video recording | 1.9MP front cam with 720p HD video recording | 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, microUSB | | 3100mAH battery that lasts over 22 hours of average usage | Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, Touchwiz UI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746370", "title": "Sino-Indian ties: Peace prevails, but in the shadow of mistrust", "text": "NEW DELHI: It may not be their intention, but the consequences could be disastrous. With a breakthrough to the border dispute still elusive, India and China remain engaged in one of the biggest conventional military build up along a frontier unprecedented in the post-Cold War era.Both nations are yet to show political courage to move forward and end mistrust and past mistakes. Though tenuous peace exists along the 4,057-km border, some sources see a gradual toughening of postures by both the sides along the Line of Actual Control (LAC).The border is spread across the eastern sector (in Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh), middle sector (Himachal Pradesh and Uttaranchal) and western sector (Jammu and Kashmir). The dispute between the two sides is primarily located in the eastern and western sectors.In the western sector, India claims Aksai Chin, some 37,000 square km of high-altitude desert with no human habitation, as integral part of the Ladakh region, while China claims it to be part of its Xinjiang autonomous region. The dispute is rooted in the shifting stance of the British Empire on the border between Ladakh and Xinjiang.Through the 1950s China constructed a highway via Aksai Chin to connect Xinjiang with Tibet. Until 1958, India was unaware of the move, and when it learnt of it then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru lodged a strong protest. Of the 1,200-km Chinese road, around 180km falls in Aksai Chin, within India, according to the border recognized by New Delhi.The Chinese argument was that the border in Ladakh region was never agreed upon by both the sides. If at all a border was informed to China it was the MaCartney-MacDonald line that puts Aksai Chin within Chinese territory.Some of the fiercest fighting during the 1962 war occurred in the western sector. Though the Indian Army was defeated in Ladakh region, it did not suffer the kind of humiliation they faced in the eastern sector.In the eastern sector, the dispute again flows from the history of the border mapping from the British era and China's claim over Tibet. The McMahon Line drawn in Shimla convention of 1914 between British Empire and Tibet was rejected by China.China officially claims the entire Arunachal Pradesh as its territory based on its traditional boundaries from the imperial past. The most contentious of it is the town of Tawang, which was under Tibetan administration until almost 1940. Later it was taken over by the British. During the 1962 war though Chinese occupied Tawang, later they gave up probably because of the logistical challenges in retaining the town. In fact, a senior official said if India was willing to give up its claim over Tawang, the border dispute could almost end. But India wouldn't give up inhabited areas, he added.There has also been dispute about Sikkim, which formally became part of India in 1975. Chinese dismissed this annexation and continued to claim dispute over the tiny state, too. However, in 2003 under an agreement between the two sides, Chinese have formally recognized Sikkim as an integral part of India. The border between Sikkim and China, though, is still not fully demarcated.Some of the most humiliating defeat of Indian Army took place in this eastern sector. Many were killed, many others taken as Prisoners of War and the People's Liberation Army overran Indian defences and came deep inside. Chinese have blamed the forward policy of India, under which Army established forward posts that were logistically very difficult to sustain and secure, for precipitating the war. Many in India still blame Nehru's naive approach towards China for the military reverses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745823", "title": "Real estate agent shot in Chennai, biz rivalry suspected", "text": "CHENNAI: Suspected business rivals shot a 35-year-old real estate agent near Valsaravakkam in the early hours of Tuesday.Police said L Manikumar was visiting friends when assailants opened fire at him. The pistol used by the attackers jammed and ejected four unspent rounds before a fifth bullet hit Manikumar in the abdomen.Investigators, who recovered the four unspent bullets from the spot, said the assailants probably used a 0.9mm pistol. Manikumar was treated at a private hospital, where doctors removed the bullet from his body. Doctors said his condition was stable.An investigating officer said Manikumar appeared to have identified the men who opened fire at him. \"His friends Chandru, Bharath and Prashanth Reddy were in one of the two houses on the ground floor of the two-storey building but did not hear the gunfire because the windows were closed and the airconditioner was running,\" he said.Manikumar's friends and his brother Karthik, who was inside the house, found him slumped over and bleeding at 5.15am, more than two hours after he was shot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16746890", "title": "Give wide publicity to right to no vote, NGOs tell ECI, CEO", "text": "VADODARA: VAAC, an umbrella organisation of several NGOs demanding election reforms has sought clarity on a voter's right to reject a candidate. VAAC, which stands for 'Vote Against All Candidates' has demanded that the Election Commission of India clarifies provisions of section 41-2 and 49-0 of the conduct of election rules, which gives a right of 'no vote' to a voter.\"VAAC ultimately aims at bringing up \"better politicians\", and is also part of an electoral reform proposed by the ECI which is gathering dust for the last one decade or so,\" activists explained.\"Being citizens of a democracy, we have been demanding these rights for the past many years. We have also written several letters to the ECI and CEO, Gujarat office during the past decade, seeking clarity on the use of these two sections in the wake of introduction of EVMs replacing ballot papers, but there has been no response which has forced us to mull legal action,\" said Rohit Prajapati, a member of VAAC, adding that their lawyers were already drafting the petition for the case. VAAC represents following organisations- Documentation and study centre for action, Paryavaran Suraksha samiti, Sahiyar ( Stree Sangathan) and Jyoti Karamchari Mandal.The NGOs may move court if their plea is not heard by the ECI. The legal option is being planned after the NGOs noticed a \"disturbing pattern\" in the voting trends after their earlier campaigns for use of section 49-0. Under this section, a voter can go to the polling booth, mark his presence in a register and then declare that he or she does not want to vote for any candidate. The presiding officer, then has to record this 'no vote' in the register and get the voter's signatures against his remarks.\"In 2007 assembly election, we recorded nearly 1,500 such 'no votes' cast by people in Gujarat after our aggressive awareness campaign, letting people know that if they did not like the present lot of candidates, they could use section 49-0, instead of letting their vote go waste, or misused, by not voting. But in 2009, this number fell to barely 700, pan Gujarat. We got reports that in several areas, like the tribal belt of Chota Udepur, the poll staff was not allowing voters to exercise this option. Either the staff was ignorant about the rule or was simply disinterested,\" Prajapati said, adding that they needed assurance from CEO that wide publicity would be given to this option during voter-awareness campaigns for the coming elections.The NGO is also seeking clarity on the use of these sections after the shift to EVMs. \"Section 41-2, says that If an elector after obtaining a ballot paper decides not to use it, he shall return it to the presiding officer, and [the ballot paper so returned and the counterfoil of such ballot paper] shall be marked as \"Returned: cancelled'' by the presiding officer. This clearly meant that we could return our ballot paper and by that we could exercise our right to vote without casting vote in the favor of any of the candidates. But, the EVMs give no such choice to the voters.\"In their letters to the ECI and the CEO office, VAAC states, \"We demand that the ballot paper and Electronic Voting Machine list the VAAC alternative to have real democratic choice. Till you accept our demand the right under of section 41(2) and 49(O) of 'The Conduct of Election Rules, 1961' must be implemented. Kindly advice us for the coming election - how to use 41(2) and 49(O) of 'The Conduct of Election Rules, 1961' to exercise our voting right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16744708", "title": "Fixing rampant in local games, admit umpires", "text": "NEW DELHI: No Indian umpire was implicated in Monday's TV sting on umpiring transgressions, but that may be no reason to feel satisfied.Several local umpires have told TOI that they are often asked to favour particular teams or players during tournaments in Delhi and at state-level age-group events and trials.Allegations targeting umpires have been made in local circles for years. However, it is such a sensitive matter that officials in the know within the Delhi and District Cricket Association are not willing to go on record.A Board of Control for Cricket in India level-1 umpire told TOI, \"Big local tournaments are often fixed through umpires. Results are sometimes manipulated in well-known events which have cash prizes running into lakhs for the winner and runners-up.\"\"Some local umpires are known punters,\" the umpire said. \"In age-group events, say an under-16 trial match, it's not uncommon for umpires to be given incentives to favour players.\"Sometimes an LBW may not be given, or a faint edge not acknowledged.Local umpires 'succumb' to offers to be lenient on playersUmpires earn little and hold the keys to a player or team's fortune. A Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) level-1 umpire alleged on Tuesday that several big local tournaments are fixed through umpires, who give wrong decisions for monetary benefit.\"If you are connected, it is easy to push for one's candidate during team trials. Privately-run age-group tournaments are also prime examples,\" he told TOI.Delhi, after all, is a high-profile cricketing state with a rich bouquet of keenly-watched local tournaments. It's also well-known that the cut-throat competition here among age-group teams, and during trials, can often take a nasty turn.Local-level umpires are loath to identify themselves for fear of destroying their careers but claim offers to be lenient on certain players from certain clubs, or to favour the state in age-group tournaments are more common than expected.Some were willing to talk but were scared to identify themselves until repeated assurances that names would not be taken and details of specific matches not shared, since that would make it easier to trace them down.Umpires say those approaching them are often involved in state-level cricket administration and may own their own clubs.A senior DDCA sports committee member said, \"Why does it come as a surprise that umpires are easy prey? They earn little and hold the keys to a team or player's fortune.There is no proper method in place to assess their skills, apart from the theoretical exams.\"Trial matches are places where powerful committee members push for their candidates. The umpires get more assignments and some extra cash,\" the DDCA official said.He added: \"One umpire who also officiates in the IPL is well-known for being susceptible at the local level. The majority, though, are in the lower rung. They can't really refuse or they will be sidelined.\"So what's it in for the local umpire? \"On an average we are paid Rs 1,500 for local events,\" says one. \"Sometimes, we get double that amount for doling out favours.Sometimes we get promise of more assignments, or we get cricket kits and other such gifts.\"Another DDCA official said, \"In the leagues, sometimes umpires are paid in the range of Rs 600-800 only. Some are uneducated. There is no monitoring agency in place. They are easy prey.\"Denying such allegations, DDCA general secretary Sneh Bansal said, \"I have never heard of such manipulation at the local level.DDCA takes all necessary steps to keep things clean, but if we come across instances we will take strict action. Private tournaments are a different thing, but we can interfere there too if we come across umpiring scandals.\"What is sad, however, is that nobody is watching these watchmen of cricket. It's a scary thought that Delhi cricket's seamy underbelly may have its parallel in other states.No Indian umpire was caught in the India TV sting but in a country where umpiring standards and methods of appraisal are foggy at best, putting an umpiring ethics committee in place for local levels may be too difficult a task.Meanwhile, the seeds of dishonesty may continue to be sown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747085", "title": "Jharkhand to take back land from coal mining companies", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government has decided to take back land from the coal mining companies, including the public sector undertakings, which have either remained unused for years or where mining has been completed.The state government expects to get back at least 1,000 to 1,500 acres from the companies, including 690 acres from the Central Coalfields Limited, a subsidiary of the Coal India Limited (CIL). The two other CIL subsidiaries that are operational in Jharkhand are Bharat Coking Coal Limited and Eastern Coalfields Limited.State land reform and revenue department minister Mathura Prasad Mahato has asked his officials to prepare a list of such plots which will be sent to the companies for returning the land.\"We have been getting information about non-utilization of land by the coal mining companies. So we decided to prepare a list of land possessed by various companies which could be taken back,\" said Mahato.Officials said the matter was discussed with the officials of the coal mining companies and also with the Geological Survey of India for returning the unused land to the state so that it could be allotted to other industries awaiting to establish their plants for many years. There are at least 50 big companies like ArcelorMittal , Tata Steel and Jindal Steel and Power Limited which have failed to start their greenfield projects in the state because of lack of land.Special secretary, land reforms, A K Rastogi said they had already started compiling the list of companies and unused plots available with them. Maximum unused land is with the public sector companies.\"We have also come to know that around 17-18 acres of land in Chilgo area of Giridih district, where there is no coal under the land, is with a public sector company. We will send a report to the Union coal ministry and inform it about non-availability of coal so that we get back the land and use it for some other purpose,\" said Rastogi. He expressed hope that the Union ministry would help the state get back the land at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745848", "title": "\u2018Solve waterlogging problem\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday granted two months to the city government to find \"short and long term\" solutions to the problem of waterlogging in the city.A bench of Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul and Justice Vipin Sanghi allowed the plea after Delhi government standing counsel Najmi Waziri submitted that the third meeting of 15-member co-ordination committee was scheduled to be held on Tuesday to prepare the action plan to deal with the problem.\"Various agencies, including MCDs, will come forward with the existing measures to handle the water logging problem. The committee will also look into the suggestions from IIT professors for drainage system in the city,\" Waziri said and sought more time for evolving long term-measures.The bench sought a status report from the government and fixed December 14 as the next date of hearing.Following an earlier court order, the government had last month constituted a co-ordination committee headed by its chief secretary to evolve a mechanism to de-silt drains to prevent waterlogging during monsoon. The committee also comprised heads of trifurcated MCD , NDMC and other civic bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745762", "title": "Court refuses to quash case against med college owner", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has declined to quash a first information report (FIR) registered against the chairman and managing director of the Deen Dayal Medical and Education Trust, T D Naidu, who has been accused of obtaining a loan from a bank using fake documents and diverting it for purposes other than it was meant for.Justice T Sudanthiram, dismissing a petition filed by Naidu seeking quashing of the case, said continuation of investigation was a must in the case and that the grounds cited for quashing the case were totally unacceptable.According to the CBI, which investigated the case, Naidu had obtained 41 crore loan from the Anna Nagar branch of Andhra Bank by furnishing fake documents with regard to educational qualification and financial status, and diverted the money to a contractor for purposes other than the ones mentioned in the loan request.Denying the allegations, Naidu's counsel Ashok Kumar told the court that none of the documents submitted by Naidu was forged and that the loan was secured by furnishing properties as securities. Noting that even as per the allegations, the loan amount was used to improve already existing buildings, he said that so far 11 crore had been repaid.The special public prosecutor for CBI cases, N Chandrasekaran, submitted that the petitioner had described himself as a MBBS degree-holder from AIIMS in New Delhi, and he had furnished fraudulent income tax returns to the bank.Justice Sudanthiram said the FIR stated that Naidu had fraudulently projected himself as an MBBS doctor and produced fake documents.\"It is stated in the FIR that to show his financial status, he had submitted a copy of a challan indicating payment of income tax through Indian Overseas Bank and it appears to be false and concocted, designed to mislead the bank, and the balance sheet furnished by the petitioner to the bank shows increased figures of 83.75 crore under the corpus fund,\" the judge said in his order.Noting that the complaint lodged by the general manager of Andhra Bank was strengthened by materials collected during investigation, he refused to quash the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16748947", "title": "Amit Trivedi roped in for Bombay Talkies", "text": "For Bombay Talkies, the film to commemorate 100 years of Indian cinema, which would incorporate four 20-minute short films directed by Zoya Akhtar , Karan Johar , Anurag Kashyap and Dibakar Bannerjee, music composerAmit Trivedi (of Dev.D and more recently Aiyyafame)hasbeen asked to do the music for all the four sections.Amit admitted that the very thought of composing for the four filmmakers at the same time has been giving him sleepless nights.\"I've never shied away from challenges. Every score for me has been like a board examination. But this one is like a civil-services examination,\" said the music director.The tough part is, Amit not only has to accommodate the musical sensibilities of the four filmmakers but also ensure that the sound remains faithful to the era they recreate in Bombay Talkies.\"Right now it's really too early to give details. But yes , the four filmmakers would be giving their own perspective on cinema as it exists from 1913 to 2013,\" said Amit.Apaprently, Zoya, Anurag and Dibakar won't have lip-sync songs in their sections. Only KJo's film will have proper playback score.\"Some only have background music. But each one has a specific flavour and requirement. I've to go by those and yet maintain a cohesive structureintheoverallsound of the four films,\" Amit told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16747154", "title": "Criminals kill one in Mainpuri village", "text": "KANPUR: In a daring dacoity late on Monday night, about a dozen suspected members of the 'Kaccha-Banyan' gang wreaked havoc in Nagla Madhau village of Mainpuri, the constituency of Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav . Besides battering a 65-year-old man to death and critically injuring four others, including a minor girl, they brutally beat up other members of the family, including women and children and decamped with cash and jewellery worth several lakhs of rupees.The injured have been rushed to Etawah's Saifai Medical College, where the doctors stated condition of some of the injured as critical.An FIR has been lodged with the Kotwali police station of Mainpuri against unidentified miscreants under various sections of IPC.A senior police official told TOI that the miscreants first barged into the water-pump house located in the agricultural fields of Nagla Madhau resident Santosh Mishra where caretaker Bataram was sleeping. They attacked Bataram with lathis, 'babool' tree sticks and iron rods when he tried to offer resistance, leaving him critically wounded.The assailants then entered the house of Ram Kailash in the same locality. Here, they first attacked Ram Kailash, his wife Sharda Devi and 15-year-old daughter Sapna, who were sleeping in separate rooms.The gang later went to the adjoining Aure Mandal village, raided the house of Santosh Mishra and attacked him with lathis and iron rods.Though the locals immediately informed the Kotwali police, no help arrived on the scene. When the cops reached Santosh Mishra's agricultural fields, they found Bataram lying dead in a pool of blood.\"A group of 12 men reached the fields of Santosh Mishra at around 2.30 am on Tuesday and attacked him brutally. They were talking in a dialect popular in the region,\" said Ram Kailash, one of the victims.Mainpuri SP Shalabh Mathur said: \"Special teams have been dispatched to bordering districts, including Etawah, Etah and Farrukhabad, to nab the miscreants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745390", "title": "3 pseudo Naxals held for extortion bid", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Tuesday arrested three pseudo Maoists who were trying to extort money from a city-based realtor. In another case in Borabanda, police nabbed a surrendered-naxalite for possession of a country-made fire arm.The SR Nagar police arrested Nagaraju, Suresh and Ravi who were threatening realtor Chandrasekhar from Ameerpet. A few days ago, the trio called up the realtor and introduced themselves as members of the Kondapalli Seetaramaiah Dalam.The fraudsters told the realtor to pay Rs 15 lakh and warned him that refusal would cost him his life. As Chandrasekhar did not respond to their threats, they sent a threat letter in the name of Kondapalli Seetaramaiah Dalam. The realtor then approached the SR Nagar police, who laid a trap to nab the offenders. As per the plan, when the culprits called him later, Chandrasekhar agreed to give them the money and asked them to meet up at BK Guda on Tuesday morning.As soon as the trio turned up, the SR Nagar police arrested them. \"No weapons were found on them,\" SR Nagar SI R Govinda Reddy said. During interrogation, one of the culprits Nagaraju, said he had worked for Chandrasekhar at his Madhapur office. After quitting the job, Nagaraju with two others hatched the plan to extort money from Chandrasekhar.Police slapped a case under sections 387 (attempt to extortion) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC. They were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.In another case, the SR Nagar police arrested a surrendered naxalite, Narasimha Reddy of Borabanda, for possessing a country-made revolver and four live rounds.Police said that Narasimha Reddy was part of the naxalite movement between 1986 and 1989 in Medak. He surrendered in 1989. Police booked a case under the Arms Act and produced him in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16747625", "title": "Police station for fake notes, net crimes", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Tuesday gave nod to notifications for setting up of a state-level cyber crime police station and one nodal police station at every district in the state to deal with fake currency note cases.He added that any individual can directly lodge an FIR with the police station . However, the station will mostly investigate the organized or those cyber crime cases needing serious technical expertise . A senior police officer said that chief minister Gehlot also gave approval to set up nodal police stations in every district dealing with fake currency notes cases. \"Earlier, the FIRs regarding fake currency notes used to be lodged with Gandhi Nagar police station by the RBI as it is situated in this particular station's jurisdiction,\" a senior police officer said.For example, after collecting counterfeit notes from various banks, exchange counters, general post offices (GPO) and other resources in the state from January 2012 to June 2012, the RBI officials will register an FIR with Gandhi Nagar police station in June.Meanwhile, police officials complained that if the fake currency notes were found in January 2012 and they are informed after 7-8 months after the discovery, how they are supposed to expose the people involved in circulation of these notes.\"In many cases, counterfeit currency notes are deposited with the exchange counters of RBI in the state. Despite this, the police are not informed immediately. The names and addresses of the each person depositing the amount is noted down at these exchange counters. If a counterfeit note was deposited by an identified person in January 2012 in a remote place, say, Sikar and the FIR is lodged after eight months with Gandhi Nagar police in Jaipur, the police can do little while investigating such a case,\" said the officer.But now, with the setting up of a nodal police station at each district, the problem will be solved. \"The local police will be able to investigate the origin of the fake notes in a better manner,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745764", "title": "Team heads to AP to trace abducted teen", "text": "CHENNAI: A police team has gone to Andhra Pradesh to trace a 14-year-old boy who was abducted from ICF on Monday.Police suspect Jacob Sudhir was kidnapped by four people from Andhra Pradesh - Prakash, Premanth, Vinukonda and Nageshwara Rao. The four men had come to the city in search of Jacob's father Suresh Babu as he had allegedly cheated them of their money. Police sources said the gang told the boy's mother that they would release him in a village in Andhra Pradesh after Suresh returns their money.Police said Suresh had started a trust and collected money from people after promising them loans at low interest rates. He absconded when he could not get them loans.The boy's mother Lydia lodged a complaint after Jacob did not return from school. Neighbours said they saw a group of people bundling the boy into a car and fleeing.Police are now tracking the four men with the help of their cellphone details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16745401", "title": "Congress MLAs ready to resign says Parameshwar", "text": "MANGALORE: All the 71 Congress MLAs are ready to resign to safeguard the interest of the state with regard to Cauvery issue, said Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee (KPCC) president G Parameshwar.He told reporters here that the Congress will extend its full support to the state government, which has decided not to release water from Cauvery river to Tamil Nadu.\"The issue related to Cauvery is not a political one, it is a matter of state's interest. We have already pledged our support to the state government's decision of not releasing water from Cauvery,\" he said.Brushing aside BJP's allegation of Congress not supporting the state government with regard to Cauvery issue, Parameshwar said that similar situation had occurred during SM Krishna's tenure as the chief minister too. \"Jagadish Shettar was the opposition leader then and the NDA government was ruling the country. The state unit of BJP did not support SM Krishna, when the government decided to stop releasing water to Tamil Nadu,\" Parameshwar added.\"The BJP government had decided unilaterally to approach the Cauvery River Authority with the claim that they could release 10,000 cusec for a few days in September.They had not convened an all-party meet to discuss the issue,\" he said. Parameshwar was in the city to overview the arrangements made to prior to the arrival of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on October 18.Sonia in cityParameshwar said that more than 15,000 elected representatives from Congress are expected to take part in the public meeting to be held at Nehru Maidan in the city on October 18.\"Members of gram panchayats, taluk panchayats and zilla panchayat, who belong to Congress from Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Hassan, Chikmagalur and Kodagu districts, will participate in the meeting. The meet will discuss about the party's preparedness to face the next assembly election,\" he said and expressed his confidence that Congress will comeback to power in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745101", "title": "Marine institutes under police lens", "text": "KOCHI: Two marine institutes in the city came under police scanner after students alleged that they were cheated by both colleges that offered marine technical diploma courses without the approval of the director general of shipping (DGS).After 500-odd students gheraoed the College of Marine Technology management members on Monday, Central police registered a cheating case against the management. In another case, the Ernakulam chief judicial magistrate has directed Kadavanthra police to register a cheating case against the management of KITE Marine Technology.Appearing on behalf of KITE Marine Technology student, advocate P P Thajudeen said that though the college did not receive any approval from DGS, the management charged Rs 1.5 lakh as fees and promised jobs in mercantile ships and various ports in India and abroad and cheated the students.\"We registered a cheating case on Tuesday against the College of Marine Technology Management. Later, the management and students reached a compromise at the police station. The management has agreed to return 80% of the course fee,\" said Central police station SI A Ananthalal.Around 40 students were present at the police station when the management agreed to refund the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745961", "title": "Durga Puja pandals draw up grand plans to dazzle visitors", "text": "MUMBAI: Organizers of the city's leading Durga Puja pandals are mindful to strike a balance between glamour, tradition and charity.The stage is set for singer Abhijeet's grand Durga Puja at Lokhandwala Garden in Andheri. \"This year will be like no other in the history of our pandal. We are donating an ambulance to the Ramkrishna Mission Hospital and a bus to the Bharat Seva Sangh that runs a hospice for cancer patients in Navi Mumbai. They can utilize this vehicle for transportation of sick people who arrive from all parts of the country to seek treatment at Tata Memorial Hospital,\" he says.None of the glamour is being dimmed, of course. Top-line performers from the industry will arrive as they do. This year though, Abhijeet says he has roped in a top Hindi film actor to enact a two-and-a-half-hour play but will not announce his name to \"avoid unnecessary crowding\".Meanwhile, the Powai Bengali Welfare Association (PBWA) is creating an expansive 'Bangla gram' or Bengali village made from hay and bamboo to host a 22-ft tall idol of the goddess.\"Rather than fashion a temple as we do most often, this year we have recreated a rural setting complete with Bengali artisans who will craft pottery and ply the spinning wheel. A range of handicraft stalls and our festive bhog is a highlight of the celebrations,\" says spokesperson Partha Mallick.The Powai puja has full entertainment quotient as well with singer Javed Ali, artistes from Bengal as well as residents of the complex and their children performing.Now into its 27th year, the festival organized by the Bengalee Association Antop Hill Wadala (BAAW) has attempted a 32-ft replica of a 'shiv ling' that will serve as the pandal.\"Architect Raju Joshi has designed the set that will have mythological vignettes of Lord Shiva. Unlike most pandals, we have an elaborate seating arrangement for community meals as well,\" says secretary Radhanath Basak. Around 10,000 people partake of this bhog prasad each season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746036", "title": "Peta founder in city to save Victoria horses", "text": "MUMBAI: Founder of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (Peta) Ingrid E Newkirk is flying to Mumbai from her Washington headquarters to tie herself to a Victoria chariot like a horse.The 63-year-old animal rights crusader will be hitched like a horse to a Victoria at Marine Drive, next to the Police Gymkhana, on October 10 at 2pm, to drive home the point 'Horses Worked To Death \u2014 Ban Victorias'.By pulling the Victoria, the Peta India demonstration aims to highlight that horses, which are forced to pull heavy loads, commonly have spiked bits put into their mouths and are subject to whipping, dehydration and malnutrition and the carriages endanger horses and passengers.\"Horses, like people, are made of blood, flesh and bone and suffer when they are whipped and made to haul heavy loads that their malnourished bodies can hardly bear,'' said Newkirk. \"The only way to ensure that these gentle animals don't suffer and that the safety of residents and tourists isn't placed at risk is to ban horse-drawn carriages,'' she added.Recently, a horse used to pull a carriage skidded at Gateway of India and seriously injured two passengers. In September 2011, another horse collapsed from exhaustion and was unable to stand for 20 minutes. Horses used to pull carriages are frequently denied adequate rest, food and water and are kept in filthy, damp stables infested with biting insects. Many never see a veterinarian in their entire lives. A growing number of cities worldwide, including Delhi, have banned horse-drawn carriages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747559", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa gatecrashes into inaugural", "text": "BANGALORE: Thanks to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, the state government has been compelled to invite all other former CMs for the opening ceremony of the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha in Belgaum on Thursday.While President Pranab Mukherjee is inaugurating the building, Yeddyurappa insisted he be made the chief guest or allowed to preside over the function as most of the funds were granted and construction done on the 124-acre plot during his tenure as chief minister.As per protocol, the local MLA, irrespective of his political party, presides over government events in that area. As the new structure, constructed at a cost of nearly Rs 400 crore, is in Halga Bastwad village, 12kms from Belgaum city, the Belgaum Rural MLA Sanjay Patil should preside over the event.However, allowing Yeddyurappa to preside would be a breach of protocol. So, chief minister Jagadish Shettar reportedly directed the government to make alternative arrangements. Finally, Yeddyurappa has been made the chief guest. However, a question was raised at the meeting that Yeddyurappa as chief guest would snowball into a controversy as other parties would make it an issue.\"Therefore, all former CMs - HD Deve Gowda, M Veerappa Moily, SM Krishna, HD Kumaraswamy, N Dharam Singh and DV Sadananda Gowda - have been included in the list. Barring the President, all other dignitaries, including the governor and CM, are invitees. There is no one presiding over the event,\" sources in the government said.The invitation reads: \"Mukherjee to inaugurate Soudha, while others will be present\". The President, on his maiden visit to the state after being elected, will be felicitated. He will address MLAs, MLCs and MPs.Building factfile* Former CM HD Kumaraswamy held an assembly session in Belgaum and launched work on the Suvarna Soudha at the Vaccine Institute in the heart of the city on August 26, 2007* Due to stiff opposition from environmentalists, it was shifted to Halga Bastwad village on the Pune-Bangalore national highway* As CM, Yeddyurappa laid the foundation stone on January 22, 2009 and work commenced on July 10, 2009", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745675", "title": "Stephanians take roll row to rights panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stephanians do nothing by halves. They've gone as far as the National Human Rights Commission to reclaim for Rohtas the right to sell rolls from his dhaba on the college campus. A group of the college's alumni - the Old Stephanian's Association - has lodged a complaint with the NHRC after their online campaign and furious statement-issuing failed to elicit a response from college authorities. Their campaign was launched when the roll-ban was first discovered by teacher in mid-September.The former students believe that the livelihood of Rohtas' family - running the dhaba on the college premises for decades - will be severely impacted by the ban. The ban itself - imposed because the dhaba is allowed to serve only certain items (nimbu paani, gulab jamun) and not compete with the cafe - creates a situation in which it is no longer feasible for Rohtas to run the stall, argues Old Stephanian, Ashish Joshi. This, apparently, constitutes a \"gross violation of principles of natural justice, human rights and denial of equal opportunity to Shri Rohtas, who along with his father late Shri Sukhia has been running the Dhaba in St Stephen's College for more than fifty years,\" as the note puts it. The college authorities had defended the move saying that considering Rohtas' family does not pay anything for the space they occupy, they should not compete with the college cafe.The Old Stephanians counter that Rohtas' father once sold cigarettes and it was after the university banned cigarettes, \"Rohtas was compensated for loss of income by allowing him to sell rolls etc.\" Now that even that has been stopped, says the letter, \"Rohtas has been economically deprived. Situation has been created that his small business would no longer remain viable and sustainable. Adverse conditions have been whereby he cannot run a viable and sustainable business.\"\"At his age he cannot find another job,\" continues the letter, \"He will not be able to look after his family and the family will lose livelihood and hunger will stare at them.The treatment being meted out to Rohtas is at variance with humanitarian principles.\"Times View The feeling of outrage at rolls being banned at this eatery may be entirely genuine, but surely it needs to be tempered with some sense of proportion. We very much doubt that the idea behind setting up the NHRC was to deal with violations of students' rights to have the menu of their choice at college eateries. Raising this issue in such a forum only serves to trivialize the notion of human rights. The petitioners would be best advised to apologize to the NHRC for wasting its time and withdraw their plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746476", "title": "Natarajan writes to PM, says proposed investment board unacceptable", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan slammed the finance ministry's Cabinet proposal for a National Investment Board (NIB), calling it \"unconstitutional\" and \"completely unacceptable\".The finance ministry has proposed that an NIB with the finance minister or the PM at the helm take over decision-making on projects upwards of Rs 1,000 crore and have overriding powers to amend rules and regulations and change decisions even against the will of ministries in-charge of various clearances. The idea was initially mooted by the PM but later handed over to the finance ministry.Natarajan wrote that the NIB proposed to shift decision-making from the respective ministries to the finance ministry and that the rules of how the Cabinet functions were being altered without debate within the government. She said the urgency shown by the finance ministry to bypass consultations to push through the \"sweeping changes\" were \"disturbing and surprising\".She said the environment ministry had granted clearances for 210,000 mw of thermal power capacity between 2007-11 though most had not even been commissioned and were only cornering rights over land and water resources. \"I am afraid to say that this looks very similar to what we are finding in the case of coal allocation... it is an appropriation of natural resources, which is extremely harmful to development interests of the country,\" she added.Natarajan noted that it would be unconstitutional and extra-legal for the NIB to decide upon the \"failure of any minister\" in order to take over decision-making powers of the ministry. She also pointed to the conflict of interest in letting an investment board, with the basic remit to promote industry, being handed over powers to protect the environment and the rights of forest dwellers. \"It would be utterly against the spirit of the Environment Protection Act to allow an investment board, or the finance ministry, to overrule or decide upon environmental concerns,\" she said.Natarajan warned that the NIB's powers would be used \"for the benefit only of large investors\" who can take their grievance against the decisions of the environment ministry to the board. The right of appeal of ordinary citizens and other stakeholders would be cut off, she told the PM.The Cabinet note proposes that NIB would set time limits for clearances and if it finds that the ministry has failed, it would take over cases of clearances. If the project is rejected by the ministry, the project proponent can go to the NIB which will have the power to over-rule the relevant ministries. Targets would be set for different notified sectors and NIB would monitor the performance of projects and relevant ministries.It would also have the power to alter rules and procedures for clearances. The decisions of the NIB would not be challenged by any ministry. The board would also decide fiscal, financial, institutional and legal measures required and approve private sector investment in specific projects.Natarajan warned that short-circuiting the clearance process could lead to greater litigation. \"NIB will lead to even greater discord and dispute in society and this will, in turn, delay projects after clearance,\" she said.The minister noted that the Supreme Court too has laid down rules for clearances under various orders which the government has accepted. \"Project clearances cannot be reduced to an administrative exercise. It is a scientific and political exercise and the concerned ministry has to be accountable for the decisions,\" she wrote.\"I find that our (environment ministry's) efforts (to reform the processes) are being derailed because of constant attempts aimed at destroying the regulatory system,\" she added.\"The mandate of the environment ministry is to provide a service to the nation and the people of India, to ensure that environmental integrity is protected. This cannot be sacrificed at the altar of large investments,\" Natarajan said, seeking the PM's intervention to ensure proper deliberations in the government before such a move was made.\"This issue is particularly sharpened in the context of your commitment to the most disadvantaged sections of society, indigenous people, forest dwellers, and the aam aadmi, whose interests and health are often impacted by unregulated industrial excess,\" the minister told the PM.A secretariat set up either at the PMO or the finance ministry would service the NIB and monitor projects providing information on the basis of which the board would take final and binding decisions even if there is disagreement between different ministries on a project. The cabinet committee on infrastructure would be dissolved and all large projects and powers of the CCI for Rs 1,000 crore and above projects would come under the purview of the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745620", "title": "Ration products at discount this Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: In a move to woo voters before the panchayat polls, the state is set to revamp the public distribution system. The state wants to woo voters in the villages as much as possible before the panchayat election by revamping the public distribution system.State food minister Jyotipriya Mullick said that offices are being opened at district and sub divisional levels, which will have packet system for distributing all kinds of food products of big companies. The West Bengal Essential Commodities Supply Corporation will control the system. The consumers will be able to get the products at a discount of 5 to 7%. Thus, the companies will not be able to make extra profit.The food department has also prepared a special Puja package to supply ration products at less price.\"This package is starting from October 17 and will continue till October 28. Under this scheme, one kilogram of commodities will be available against a card.BPL sugar will be available for Rs 14.50 per kilogram and APL sugar for Rs 26 a kilo. Flour will be available for Rs 5.50 less than the market price and cooking oil Rs 8 less than the market price. We want the people to avail this scheme,\" Mullick added.The food department is also working on the process to set up fair price shops in the city and districts. \"Two such shops will be set up at Mirza Ghalib Street. We are also working on handing over the rationing system to self help groups. We want to give priority to these groups followed by the cooperatives,\" the minister said.Mullick said that in the present credit marking season, over 20 lakh metric tonnes of rice procurement has been achieved, including levy rice and circle mill rice. The food cabinet has fixed a target to procure 22 lakh MT of rice for 2012-13.A total of 34,83,728 have become beneficiaries under the special focus of targeted public distribution system to supply rice and wheat. The primitive tribal groups of the three jangalmahal districts are among the beneficiaries who have received 2 kilograms of rice and one kilogram of wheat. The beneficiaries also include of districts of Jalpaiguri, Darjeeling, North and South 24 Parganas, Hooghly and Birbhum. \"We will give cards to a total of 1.92 lakh people,\" Mullick said.Also, the authorities will construct godowns of food and suppliers department under the RIDF scheme. A total of 29 detail project report along with the cost estimate have been prepared. \"Presently our godown capacity is 75,000 MT. Another 5000 MT each capacity godown will be set up at 28 places under 14 districts.Mullick also said that he would attend a meeting in New Delhi soon where food ministers from other states of the country will be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746821", "title": "Info official in a spot for meddling in VS land case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The land allotment case against opposition leader V S Achuthanandan has taken a new turn with the vigilance director ordering a probe into alleged lobbying to drop the CPM leader's name from the FIR, after a television channel aired a telephonic conversation between information commissioner K Natarajan and vigilance DSP V J Kunju, wherein the former asked Kunju to go soft on the opposition leader.Kunju is probing the case related to the allotment of 2.33 acres in Kasaragod to a relative of the CPM leader. Reacting to the incident, home minister Thiruvanchur Radhakrishnan said that if found guilty, the information commissioner will be removed from the post.It is learnt that vigilance SP Habeeb Rehman has submitted a report to the vigilance director stating that investigating officials were under pressure to clear the opposition leader's name. He had also stressed the need for collecting the personal mobile phone records of Natarajan. Natarajan is learnt to have called the investigating officer last month and told him that Achuthanandan was not the kind of person who can get involved in such corruption cases. Adding that he was not calling him at the behest of anyone, Natarajan said that VS should be acquitted.It was in June last year that the Oommen Chandy government ordered a vigilance probe into the case, after examining all files related to the transfer of the land to T K Soman, an ex-serviceman. According to government norms, defence personnel cannot be allotted more than an acre.The vigilance and anti-corruption bureau (VACB) team, which probed the case, had submitted its report to the VACB directorate in Thiruvananthapuram, seeking legal opinion. The vigilance team had also quizzed Achuthanandan before submitting the report.The CPM leader has been listed as the first accused in the case. The other accused include the then revenue minister K P Rajendran, former land revenue commissioner K R Muraleedharan, former principal secretary to the CM, Sheela Thomas, T K Soman, former Kasaragod collectors Anand Singh and Krishnan Kutty and VS's personal assistant A Suresh.The vigilance director ordered a probe after a TV channel aired a telephonic conversation between information commissioner K Natarajan and vigilance DSP V J Kunju, urging the latter to go soft on the opposition leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16745244", "title": "Akademi launches online gallery", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The artists in the state no longer need to run from pillar to post to find a middleman to sell their creative works to the art lovers. They can now sell their products online. All they need to do is just upload their profiles and four pictures of the work they are planning to sell on the Kerala Lalithakala Akademi's website www.lalithkala.org.The initiative was taken by the Lalithakala Akademi to help the artists from the state to find a lucrative market for their work from across the world. The prospective buyers can select any genre of painting they want to purchase. The artists should mention the genre and price of the work. The customers who want to buy the work can search by just typing the genre. The buyer can either contact the artist or the akademi. The sale of the work will be made through the akademi. The artists need to give 10% to 15% commission to the akademi. The akademi has demarcated categories like landscape, seascape, cityscape, mountainscape, abstract paintings, flowers, portrait, oil painting, religious theme, animals and others.\"The move aims at selling the original work and avoid middlemen exploiting artists in the name of commission,\" said chairman of the akademi K A Francis.Minister for rural development, planning, Norka and culture K C Joseph will officially launch the project at a function to be held in Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745701", "title": "Old flu vaccines of no use", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of outdated influenza virus vaccines being used by health professionals is not limited to AIIMS only. Many patients tend to opt for the wrong vaccine, either out of ignorance or a sleight of hand from the chemists who sell them in order to clear their old stock. Awareness about the change in strain of virus and reformulation of vaccines on yearly basis is low among the prescribing doctors too, say the experts.According to the WHO's latest advisory, a trivalent vaccine containing an A/California/7/2009 (H1N1)pdm09-like strain, A/Victoria/361/2011(H3N2)-like strain and B/Wisconsin/1/2010-like strain is recommended for the year 2012-13. But most chemist shops were still selling monovalent vaccines which is effective for H1N1 or older stock of trivalent vaccines.\"The new stocks are yet to come,\" said one such chemist shop owner at Kailash colony market. He added that they do not give the vaccine without prescription though. Another shopkeeper at Lajpat Nagar said they sell vaccine on orders. \"We have both monovalent vaccine and the trivalent one. We give the vaccine as the patient demands,\" he said.Dr Anoop Misra, director and head, department of diabetes and metabolic diseases, Fortis hospitals said all diabetics, immunocompromised patients, and those suffering from lung diseases among others are fit cases to be given the flu shots. He said that normally the flu shots are given in autumn.According to Dr Deepak Damodaran, the resident doctor at AIIMS who raised the issue of outdated vaccine being issued to the hosptal staff with the administrattion, the outdated version of the vaccine is not as effective. \"It gives a false sense of security to those receiving preventive vaccines,\" Damodaran said.Though the WHO recommends flu shots for all health professionals, because they are in close contact with infected patients, most hospitals in the capital said they do not vaccinate all staff. \"The WHO recommendation is not mandatory. At our hospital, we do not give any such shots to our staff including the doctors. It is only advised to the elderly patients,\" said a senior administrative official at Lok Nayak hospital. At Ram Manohar Lohia hospital, the doctors are give the flu shot on demand but few turn up for it, said the hospital medical superintendent Dr T S Sidhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747200", "title": "Alumni body wakes up to Big B\u2019s college connect", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has taken nearly five decades for city's Post Graduate Government College, Sector 11 to realize that it hasn't really capitalised on the fact that superstar Amitabh Bachchan is an alumnus of the college. And there can't be a better time for his alma mater to revel in the knowledge of his brief association with the college than just before his birthday on October 11.What was considered more of a myth all these years was eventually confirmed at a meeting of the alumni association of the college in Delhi last month when old timers confirmed that Big B actually studied on the campus for about a month in the early 60s before he left Chandigarh. Jagdeep Cheema, president of the alumni association, said it was at the launch of their Delhi chapter that the over 40 alumni settled there discussed how Bachchan and some Supreme Court judges had made the college proud. \"In those days, the college was run from the government school premises in Sector 23,\" he said.\"We have intensified our efforts and have got in touch with the alumni in Mumbai to get more details about the actual dates when Bachchan studied here. Also, we will try to get in touch with him,\" said Cheema. \"The college does not have any records on Bachchan. When we started tracing our alumni in the city, a resident of Sector 4 in his 70s, first mentioned the superstar's name to us, which confirmed that stories about him were not made up,\" said Sukhjit Singh Dhiman, general secretary of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745387", "title": "Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh boards launch probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cricket boards of Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh have launched investigations into the TV sting operation which suggested that the umpires were willing to fix matches.The International Cricket Council (ICC) is also investigating the allegations but sources said the decision to punish these umpires - if they are found guilty of wrong-doing - will rest with the respective board.\"Like the ICC, we all have zero tolerance against corruption and if they are found guilty, they will have to face the heat,\" a Bangladesh Cricket Board representative said.The news channel showed video clips of undercover reporters talking to some umpires who were allegedly willing to give certain decisions in exchange for money.An SLC official said the board is studying the tapes of the sting operation. SLC chief executive Ajith Jayasekara said there has been no official communication from the ICC on allegations by India TV that Sri Lankans were among six international umpires willing to fix matches.He said the local anti-corruption unit would work with the ICC in the ongoing investigation.PCB also said it has launched investigations into the matter. \"We are in contact with ICC and carrying out a detailed investigation into the matter. We have sought the details involved in the matter.For us it is just a TV report and it is too early to say anything,\" a PCB spokesman was quoted as saying by a website.\"The PCB maintains that we have a zero-tolerance policy towards any kind of corruption in cricket at any level,\" he said.These allegations have been levelled against six umpires - Nadeem Ghauri and Anees Siddiqui of Pakistan, Nadir Shah of Bangladesh and Gamini Dissanayake, Maurice Winston and Sagara Gallage of Sri Lanka.All the umpires at the centre of these bribery claims denied that they were willing to fix matches for cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16747019", "title": "Bodoland Territorial Council clash victims to be included in revised electoral rolls", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Kokrajhar district administration has prepared a summary revision of the electoral rolls and assured that all victims of the recent clashes between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims taking shelter in relief camps in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas would be involved in the process.Deputy commissioner, Kokrajhar, Jayant Narlikar, told mediapersons on Tuesday that the people of the area sheltering in the relief camps and those whose names are included in the electoral roll in their respective constituencies would not be excluded from the process. He said that the draft of the electoral rolls would be published on October 19, while a one-month period, till November 19, would be allowed for filing of claims and objections.Between October 26 and 29, the relevant parts of the photo electoral rolls would be read in meetings of gram sabhas, local bodies and RWAs and the names would be verified. Narlikar said that the special campaigns with booth level agents of political parties for receiving claims and objections would be held on October 27, November 3 and November 10 while the disposal of claims and objections would be completed by December 19.The district administration has said form numbers-6, 7, 8 and 8A are very important for the people residing in the constituency. He also said that form number 6 is for the newly inducted names in the electoral roll and form number 7 is for complaints against the induction of names and removal of a particular person from the electoral roll.The DC said that form number 8 is for the correction of mistakes of names and description published in the electoral roll, while form 8A is for the persons whose entries are to be transposed. From December 19 to January 18, updating the database, merging of photographs, tables and preparation and printing of supplementary list will be done. He said that the final publication of electoral rolls will be on January 23 next year.Between October 26 and 29, the relevant parts of the photo electoral rolls would be read in meetings of gram sabhas, local bodies and RWAs and the names would be verified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745757", "title": "Helping elderly ward off the blues", "text": "NEW DELHI: The elderly may be a part of our lives and families, but do we really understand them? A study on the mental health of elderly people sheds light on their susceptibility to depression and how they can ward off the blues.Respondents who have retired from government jobs were less prone to depression compared to those who had retired from private service. Depression and loneliness were higher among elderly women than men, especially homemakers. When it came to general well-being, those actively involved in social activities fared much better than the less sociable ones.These are the findings of the first phase of the UGC-funded study on Mental Health and Social Support System of Elderly in NCR. The study, conducted by Delhi University's psychology department, will cover 1,000 elderly people from nine zones in the NCR. For the first phase, profiles of 500 people in the age group of 60 to over 75 years were selected randomly through voters' lists and RWAs.The study found the incidence of depression to be much lower among people who worked after retirement. \"This is because they remain occupied and have less time to reflect on their achievements or losses. But we came across few such people. Furthermore, those who've retired from government jobs scored better in terms of overall well-being. This can be attributed to perks like pension, which ensure they don't have to lean on others for money,\" said professor and head of the department, N K Chadha.Elderly women are worse off compared to the men, adds the study. This can be blamed on the absence of a strong social support system. Psychologists the world over advocate joint families as the best option for the elderly. \"We found few elders to be living in joint families. Those who were had a positive outlook. In terms of mental health, those living in nuclear families scored low on all counts,\" he said.Chadha felt that secluding elders may not help. \"We have started aping the West and are trying to build retirement townships and apartments exclusively for the elderly in India. This will only aggravate the problems. Bigger families offer much more support,\" he added.Having a partner strengthens the mental health of the elderly. Those living with their partners had a lower incidence of depression. Another significant finding was that people who engaged in simple activities like going to a temple or a club, joined the resident welfare association, or interacted regularly with their extended family were emotionally more stable.The team had conducted a similar study on elderly people living in gated apartments in Delhi. They suffered depression and loneliness more than people living in independent houses. The same was true for people living on higher floors, who felt restricted and could not go out whenever they wanted.\"We found that being financially independent is an important aspect of their lives. We suggest that the government make public transport free for them between 11am and 4pm, which are non-peak hours. There are also many financial schemes they are not aware of. For instance, they can opt for reverse mortgage to obtain money from their property,\" added Chadha. The first phase of the study was recently submitted to UGC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16747038", "title": "Raids likely in jumbo poaching zone", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Forest officials and engineers of power distribution company Southco would jointly raid villages in Ganjam district to prevent poaching of animals by electrocution. This was decided at a meeting at Chhatrapur, the district headquarters town of Ganjam, on Tuesday. Meanwhile, three persons have been arrested in the district on Tuesday in connection with electrocution of a female elephant and its two-month-old calf at Kanakhai jungle in Khallikote forest range on Sunday last.\"The joint raids would be carried out to nab poachers,\" a senior forest officer said. This apart, superintendent engineers of Soutcho and divisional forest officials would also meet regularly to review anti-poaching measures.Tuesday's meeting was attended by forest secretary R K Sharma, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) J D Sharma, district collector Kishan Kumar, Ganjam SP Ashish Sigh, Berhampur SP Prateek Mohanty, regional chief conservator of forests, Berhampur, Jitendra Kumar, senior engineers of Southco, and divisional forest officers from Berhampur, Chilika, Ghumusara south and north.Poachers set traps for animals by laying electric wires that are hooked to high voltage power cables. At least nine elephants and 10 small animals like wild boars, blackbucks and deer have been killed in Ganjam district in the last two years, sources said.The three persons arrested on Sunday have been identified as Tuna Pradhan, Narayan Pradhan and Bhaskar Pradhan of Ranibara village, said divisional forest officer, Berhampur, S S Mishra. As many as six persons have been arrested so far for the poaching incident in Khallikote forest. Several others, who were involved in the killing of the animals, were absconding, he added.Patrolling has been intensified to nab all the poachers. \"Since we have identified the accused persons, we are hopeful of arresting them soon,\" the DFOs said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747500", "title": "Gupta House's unauthorized 1-floor building razed", "text": "NAGPUR: With monsoon coming to an end, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has resumed its drive against unauthorized constructions and encroachments. The unauthorized single-floor building connected to the famous Gupta House in Civil Lines was razed on Tuesday. During the action, the manager of Gupta House was arrested for trying to obstruct the drive and threatening NMC staffers.A team of NMC officials from head office and Dharampeth zone started to demolish the illegal one-floor building constructed on around 3,000 sq ft area at 11am. The building with ground and first floor was attached to Gupta House on Rabindranath Tagore road in Civil lines and was being used by a hotel.The structure was constructed on the side marginal space and also covered some portion of a big nullah. The construction was so strong that NMC had to deploy drilling machines and gas cutters. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane inspected the site and asked officials to go ahead with the action.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare, assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney, enforcement officer Dilip Jamgade, engineers Maroti Ninawe, Anil Pille and others executed the demolition.According to NMC and police officials, manager of Gupta House Mangesh Khobragade removed the keys of NMC enforcement department's vehicle and threatened to set the vehicle afire. Policemen arrested Khobragade and registered offences under section 323 and 353 of IPC.Kumbhare told TOI that the construction started in 2011. \"Notice was issued on November 2, 2011, asking to stop the construction. But the construction continued. Owner Mahesh Gupta challenged the notice in the court and obtained stay. The court vacated the stay on October 6,\" he said.A senior NMC official told TOI that a survey has been started to identify whether parking constructed behind Gupta House was proper or not. \"Notice will be issued in case we find any more unauthorized construction,\" he said.NMC is likely to take action against other buildings where unauthorized constructions were detected. In fact, NMC started to demolish unauthorized buildings in May this year. NMC issued notices under section 52 and 53 of Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning (MRTP) Act 1966 to 1,154 buildings, of which 718 were taken up for action. Then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay started the drive along with action against encroachments. But the drive was stopped due to monsoon.With the demolition of unauthorized construction of Gupta House, NMC has sent a clear signal that unauthorized construction will not be entertained and officials will not come under any pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16747267", "title": "Schoolkids taste adventure in Goa, Kufri", "text": "LUDHIANA: A group of 44 students of classes IX to XII accompanied by seven teachers of GNI Public School, Model Town, participated in an adventure tour to Goa during their autumn break.The students, who reached Goa by air, were excited to see the beautiful beaches, churches and museums. The group visited Anjuna, Candolim Beach and Vagator beaches and had a great time at the Light House, Old Goa Church, Fort Agua Da and Dudhsagar waterfall. Expressing joy, Anmol of Class X said local markets were full of enjoyment. For Arshdeep Singh of Class XI, the natural surroundings make Goa a tourist haven.Also, 52 students from classes VI to VIII visited Kufri with their eight teachers. They participated in bush crafting, target shooting, rock climbing, trekking, rappelling, valley crossing, face painting and team building games. The kids were apprised about tent pitching and rope skills. They also went to Shimla and bought souvenirs from the mall.Amteshwar Singh of Class VII said the tour was an educating experience and they learnt to be independent and self-disciplined. The students, on coming back, requested principal Gurmant Kaur Gill to arrange such trips often.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745653", "title": "Gun culture growing as illegal firearms find their way into Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The incident where 35-year-old real estate agent Manikumar was shot at in Valasaravakkam on Tuesday morning has brought to light the growing gun culture in the city Police say illegal firearms are being sourced from places like Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. More than 3,000 people in the city have licenced guns, they say.Police investigations have revealed that illegal markets for pistols, guns and revolvers flourish in states like in Maharashtra and Bihar from where they find their way into the city.At many of these markets, country-made guns, pistols and revolvers are available for anything above 5,000, police said. \"Earlier, there were several differences between country-made and machine-made firearms. Now, those made in lathes are more accurate than the earlier ones,\" said an expert in the field.Meanwhile, a forensic expert visited the crime scene in Valasaravakkam on Tuesday and collected samples, including one empty bullet, four misfired bullets, a bronze ring, a button and a piece of thread.The officer reconstructed the sequence of events based on witness accounts and evidence from the crime spot. \"The assailant fired at Manikumar five times. If bullets or pistols are unused for months, they may not function properly.\" On examination, police found that the first four bullets misfired and the fifth one struck its target.The Maduravoyal police registered an attempt to murder case. Four special teams have been formed to nab the culprits involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16746443", "title": "UK may cut 1bn pound aid to India", "text": "LONDON: Under pressure to slash its annual financial assistance to India, cash-strapped British government is likely to cut its 1 billion pound aid bill to the country.Justine Greening , who took over as development secretary last month, said she wants to see Britain's links to richer developing nations become about business, rather than hand-outs.Greening's comments came amid pressure on her to get better value for money from Britain's 12 billion- annual spending on countries like China and India, which have their own space programme. Signalling that India will be a target for cuts, she said, \"We should recognize that as countries get richer, we need to be responsible about how we transition in our relationship with them from aid to trade.\"Those are the discussions that I am having with the Indian government at the moment,\" Greening said at the Tory Party conference in Birmingham. Greening also pledged to stop programmes that are not working because of corruption or inefficiency, amid criticism of many old schemes. \"I'm going to take a new approach to ensure that every pound we spend has the biggest possible impact,\" she was quoted as saying by 'The Telegraph'.\"That may well mean stopping programmes where I don't think they are working and putting the money elsewhere.\" Prime Minister David Cameron has come under criticism for promising to keep spending 0.7% of GDP on foreign aid during the recession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745945", "title": "No relaxation for traditional instruments during Navratri: CM", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after meeting Navratri organizers, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said his government will not issue any notification allowing housing societies to play traditional instruments until midnight during the nine-day festival. \"There is no question of issuing any notification on the issue,\" Chavan said. A senior official attached to the CM's office said the government cannot issue such a notification as it would amount to contempt of the court.Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam's on Monday had claimed that the CM had agreed to allow housing societies to play traditional instruments (without loudspeakers) until midnight. A delegation of Navratri organizers, led by Nirupam, had met Chavan on Monday, demanding loudspeaker deadline relaxation for the nine-day festival that commences on October 16.\"Between 10pm and 6am, the noise level should not exceed 45 decibels. Any traditional instrument played even without loudspeaker will certainly be more then the permissible noise limit. In absence of a notification, the departments concerned can take action against housing societies for violating norms,\" a senior government official said.Nirupam's announcement had not gone down well with anti-noise activists, who say that they will drag the government to court, if it brings any such changes in \"black and white\".Mandal organizers heaped scorn on the \"decibel-meter activists\", saying if the latter had their way, the city would not be able to organize even a 'bhajan sandhya'. \"Why not concentrate the efforts on reducing the 24x7 blaring of horns on the streets rather than target annual festivals that are the only outlet for common people to socialize?\" said an organizer.(Inputs by Bella Jaisinghani)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16745051", "title": "Power cuts hit health facilities", "text": "NOIDA: Power supply in UP-NCR has shown no signs of revival with outages ranging for several hours reported from Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad on Tuesday.In Noida, while residents of group housing societies have been getting electricity supply - albeit at higher costs per unit - from back-up systems maintained by their respective RWAs, those living in individual plots have been left to fend for themselves. They have burnt holes in their pockets for paying more in terms of installing and running individual generator sets and inverters. With the power corporation backing out from its umpteen promises, anger among residents is palpable.\"People tend to co-operate if cuts are scheduled and notified to residents through proper channels. This helps us to plan our activities in advance,\" said PC Chaturvedi, IAS (Retd), who lives in Sector 47. \"Frequent and unscheduled cuts tend to irate us. Moreover, for those who have to install their own personal back-up systems, costs are running extremely high,\" he added.In Greater Noida, residents allege that health services have been severely affected in the region due to frequent cuts. Even though private medical facilities have been using diesel-run generators in their campuses for most parts of the day, the air around gets polluted due to toxic fumes from burning of fossil fuels. Residents also complain that studies of school and college-going children have been hampered due to frequent outages.\"Patients cannot expect good health services if they get treated in an environment where the air is toxic with diesel fumes,\" said Aarti Sharma, a social worker with the Akhil Bharatiya Lokadhikar Sangathan in Greater Noida. \"In rural areas, the situation is even more distressing with outages ranging over 12 hours. Primary health centres are crumbling in the absence of power,\" she added.In group housing societies and highrises, maintenance charges are expected to go up further constraining budgets of residents. \"There had been a hike in maintenance charges, particularly due to prolonged use of back-up systems, recently in our society,\" said Brig (Retd) Tejinder Singh, resident of Jal Vayu Tower in Sector 47. \"However, charges are expected to go up further due to hike in diesel rates and continued unavailability of power from the discom,\" he added.In Ghaziabad, outages lasting for over four hours were reported from residential colonies in Vasundhara and Indirapuram. Ghaziabad residents say that though electricity supply in the city should be at par with that in Delhi, as Ghaziabad is also a part of the NCR region, the city seems to be living in a dark age as compared to the national capital territory.\"On an average, we get electricity bills in the range of Rs 8,000 to Rs 10,000,\" said Dr R K Agarwal, a resident of Vasundhara. \"Bill amounts have not come down though our consumption from the local discom has declined due to long hours of cuts. There seems to be something seriously wrong in the system put in place by the power corporation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747431", "title": "'Lack of life skills causing more depression cases'", "text": "NAGPUR: Recognising that mental health is a part of one's overall well-being, the World Health Organization (WHO) has recently changed the definition of health to include the ability to cope with stress and strain of modern living. WHO also says that life skills like self awareness, self esteem and critical thinking are decreasing among people, making mental illnesses more common.This comes as no surprise as depression has emerged as the leading cause of suicides and suicidal attempts in the world. The problem has engulfed people from all age groups, children, teenagers, youngsters and elderly alike. More people die every year due to suicide than in car accidents or even HIV. This is why doctors insist that depression be looked at like any other disease and those suffering from it must seek help.\"At any given place, between 10 to 15% population suffers from depression. Psychological problems in children too are very high these days. Increased competition has resulted in increased stress. This, combined with problems like the disintegration of family and society, has led to a rise in the problem,\" said psychiatrist Dr Rajiv Palsodkar.Psychologist and joint director of Central Institute of Behavioural Sciences (CIBS) Dr Deepali Pangaonkar says that though the intelligence quotient (IQ) in people is going up, their emotional quotient (EQ) is plunging. \"This means that we are not clear about our priorities and goals, leading to a lot of conflicts in our minds. Over the years, parenting has become weaker and the number of absentee parents is also on the rise. Due to this, children are unable to acquire the necessary life skills and this ails them throughout their lives,\" she said.Psychiatrist Dr Abhijit Faye said, \"Across all age groups, depression leads to suicidal tendencies. Attempts to kill themselves are very high among women, particularly those suffering from loneliness. In fact, elderly women attempt the most number of suicides.\" He also pointed out that despite the big number of attempts, most women are saved as they use milder ways of killing themselves. \"Men employ harsher methods that prove fatal most times. Women, on the other hand, use things around the house or pills. This makes it easier for them to be saved,\" he said.\"Also, women, being very emotional, are more prone to attempt killing themselves on an impulse. Men usually plan out the deed,\" added psychiatrist Dr Kausar Abbasi. He believes that unlike the popular perception that more women suffer from depression, more women ask for help once they realize their problem.\"Many times, men hesitate to ask for help because of their ego. At times, this refusal to seek help draws them to vices like alcohol and smoking. Out of all the people suffering from depression, only 5% get diagnosed and only 3% get treated for it. Most of those who take treatment do not complete the recommended course of 12 months,\" he said.COMMON CAUSESDomestic troublesFinancial problemsSocial irritabilityPhysical ailments, specially those that leave the person bedriddenUnsatisfactory work conditionsESSENTIAL LIFE SKILLSSelf awareness and self esteemCoping with stressHandling your emotionsCritical thinkingProblem solvingDecision makingInterpersonal relationship managementEffective communicationEmpathy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747386", "title": "Now, Nagpur University mgmt council members flay VC for 'exorbitant' fee hike", "text": "NAGPUR: After engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar, it's now the turn of the management council members to oppose the 'exorbitant' fee hike by Nagpur University.Member Dinesh Agrawal has written to vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal claiming that the decision to hike the fees was in violation of section 8(1)(g) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994.The section states that without prior approval of the state government, the university shall not take any decision regarding affiliated colleges resulting in increased financial liabilities, direct or indirect, on the government.Agrawal has sought the VC's intervention to withhold the September 13 fee hike notification till the government's approval under section 8(1)(g) of the Act. \"Without approval, implementation of the fee hike notification amounts to deliberate and intentional violation of the Act. This is not expected from a top authority like the VC,\" he said.Last month, Sapkal hiked the exam fees of all postgraduate courses under special powers vested with him as per section 14 (7) of the act. He had cited recommendations of the panel of deans. The move invited criticism from students, teachers and statutory body members.While refusing to comment, PRO Prashant Mohite diverted queries to pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie's office.Pointing out the binding clause, Agrawal said Nagpur University was not entitled to take any decision regarding affiliated colleges which would result in augmentation of the financial liability on the government, directly or indirectly.\"Your decision to approve the deans' committee recommendations for hiking fees and issuing notification accordingly is bound to add to the financial liability of the state with reference to the reimbursement of the exam fee of students belonging to the reserved category and economically-weaker sections,\" he said.Agrawal dispatched copies of the letter to the principal secretary of the state's higher and technical education department and also to chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's secretary.Earlier, in the meeting held on February 28, Kshirsagar had made a similar request claiming that he had recommended Rs1,500 as fees for every semester exam in first year engineering. However, the VC and other top officials hiked the fees to Rs1,950 by violating his trust.Other members stated that NU administration had failed to keep its commitment given in the last senate meeting in March. It was decided not to hike the fees.Management council member Abhijit Wanjari had recommended against the hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746815", "title": "Vigilance probe against former min", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The vigilance court has ordered a probe against former irrigation minister N K Premachandran, chief secretary K Jayakumar and three others on a petition alleging corruption in the construction of seawalls in the tsunami-affected areas of Kollam.Water authority superintending engineer Anil Kumar, chief technical officer R Haridas and contractor Ibrahimkutty Valiyathu are the others against whom the Thiruvananthapuram vigilance court ordered the probe.The petition had alleged corruption in the construction of a 8,000-metre seawall under the tsunami rehabilitation package. The court has also asked the investigating officers to submit their initial report before January 10, 2013.The petition claimed that after awarding work of Rs 4.9 crore for the construction of the seawall, the then irrigation minister had ordered to cancel the agreement. Jayakumar was the water resources secretary then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746789", "title": "Civic body awaits MNS team\u2019s report", "text": "NASHIK: A month after a team of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) experts, sent by party chief Raj Thackeray, visited Nashik to work out a blueprint for the development of the city, civic leaders in the MNS-ruled NMC are waiting for instructions.The MNS team of experts from Mumbai had visited Nashik on September 3 and studied various projects and locations in the city. They were expected to submit their observations and suggestions on these locations in a month. The team had visited the stretch of Godavari, Ramkund, Kusumagraj Smarak, Itihas Sangrahalaya, Goda Park, Phalke Smarak, Nehru Udyan, outer ring road among other areas. MLA (MNS) Vasant Gite said the report is expected on October 21. While on the one hand, the NMC wants to develop the Godavari river on the lines of the Sabarmati, on the other hand the MNS which is now in shambles, Goda Park, has already been constructed on the banks of the river. Noted water conservationist and Magsaysay awardee Rajinder Singh, who visited the city recently had said no walls or other constructions should be made on the river banks. He had emphasized on letting the river flow naturally. Mayor Yaitn Wagh said they are working Singh's suggestions. \"The concretization was done during the last Simhastha Kumbh Mela. Singh said that there should be no boundary wall,\" said Wagh.Gite said that they are going to construct a wire mesh so that the natural flow of the river is maintained. On the construction of Goda Park at Gangapur Road, he said, \"It is a wall with a wire mesh and stones. So the natural flow is maintained in Goda Park and even in Tapovan.\" The MNS leaders said that the future course of action will be decided after the report has been submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16747062", "title": "One more succumbs to scrub typhus in Himachal, govt apathy blamed for spread of disease", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh has witnessed 28 deaths due to scrub typhus during the last two months. It is not exactly the disease, but the delayed treatment, which is killing people as scrub typhus can be cured by a doxycycline tablet.One more patient died of scrub typhus on Tuesday, taking the total count so far to 28. The deaths have also exposed lack of health facilities in Himachal Pradesh. Surprisingly, improving health infrastructure does not figure in the poll agenda of parties even in an election year, while the election campaign noise has suppressed the cries of families, who have lost their dear ones.Over 1,000 positive cases have been detected in the state so far, of which around 440 cases were reported at Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital, Shimla, with over 255 positive cases reported from Dr Rajendra Prasad Medical College and Hospital, Tanda, in Kangra.While opposition Congress is blaming the BJP government for failing to take timely remedial measures, the government on its part is claiming that required steps have been taken to deal with the spread of scrub typhus. Health officials themselves have admitted that IGM Alisa test to confirm the disease is available only at two medical colleges, while tests done at district level are not specific.\"Improving facilities in health sector has remained a non-issue for political parties in Himachal, due to which the situation has worsened in remote rural areas of the state where specialists are not available and people are dependent on para medical staff for treatment. The situation is worse in tribal areas where doctors avoid postings,\" said Jai Ram Thakur, a resident of Hinsa village in Lahaul-Spiti district.Yogender Kapila, a resident of Sion village in Sirmaur district, said that health facilities in rural areas of Himachal Pradesh are far from better. Around 17 panchayats in Renuka dam area, spread over 26 km area, are without a health centre, he said. \"Repeated pleas to elected representatives and state governments have fallen on deaf ears. Such is the condition that when a woman suffers labour pain, she has to be taken on a charpoy (cot) to the nearest health centre by walking a distance of 5-10 km,\" he said.Himachal Pradesh health director D S Chandel said that wheel flex test done at district level is not an accurate method as they are of screening nature only. IGM Alisa test is available at Tanda and Shimla medical colleges only, he said. \"We have instructed block medical officers to give doxycycline tablets to patients suffering with fever as this medicine reacts fast,\" he said.Chandel said that majority of cases have been reported from Bilaspur, Chamba and Shimla districts, but now, a few cases have come from Kinnaur and Dodra Kawar areas also. \"We have held a meeting chaired by secretary, health to analyse the situation and take remedial measures,\" he added.The rising graphScrub typhus deaths in state during the last three years:In 2012, so far 28 deaths reported. The number is likely to rise in coming days.In 2011, around 28 people were killed by the disease.In 2010, state witnessed 27 deaths due to scrub typhus.In 2009, scrub typhus killed 17 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16746366", "title": "Storm brews: China faces virtual opposition ahead of party meet", "text": "BEIJING: The forthcoming Communist Party Congress is expected to discuss a major challenge before the next generation of leaders in the form of a \"virtual\" opposition on the Chinese internet. It's a vast network of alert individuals exposing corruption and misdeeds of leaders and officials.Called 'renrou sousuo yinqing', which literally means human-flesh search engines, the network has attracted tens of thousands of Chinese tracking officials with phone cameras and over the internet. \"It means that the network is not a computer driven search engine and real human beings are involved,\" said Wang Ting, a blogger. \"Those involved are responsible people who feel ordinary Chinese need to be vigilant even if they are not directly into politics,\" he said.The system, which operates as a kind of a loose Wikileaks , has thrown up thousands of videos, photographs, research documents and mapping of political family trees. In the process, scores of officials and businessmen have been exposed, while the government has been kept on the tenterhooks.A recent case involves Yang Dacai, a police officer caught on camera grinning even as people burned in a bus fire that killed 36 in August on the Yanan highway in central China's Shaanxi province. Yang was sacked within weeks after he was exposed over the internet.The one-party government, which never faced serious political challenges, is now bowing to the power of this search engine, which acts like a loose opposition system. The government has acted on several officials exposed by 'renrou' system.Postings from the human flesh network are put up on several Chinese bulletin board services like Mop, Tianya and KDnet besides Weibo, Chinese equivalent of Twitter. Online video sites such as Yokou, Tudou, and Sina are also used as platforms by the network, which does not have a specific internet site devoted to the activity.Original postings that include gossip about the private lives of celebrities, the wealthy, and Communist officials routinely attract hundreds of thousands of comments and retweets. Why the government has allowed the network to flourish has not been fully explained although many feel that the government is losing out to the avalanche of millions of Chinese engaged in social media.The government is itself trying to make the most of the situation by posting its own views under the guise of postings by citizens, observers said. There are 50,000 government agencies with web sites and blogs on the internet.Official censors regularly ask websites to filter postings that carry certain words and phrases. In fact, the government selectively filters stories and postings, and allows those it wants the public to know and get involved in. The choice before the new leadership, which will be elected on Nov 8, is to either curb or allow the human flesh search engine as a disciplining force over the Communist system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16747231", "title": "Half-brother held for youth's murder", "text": "PATIALA: With the arrest of victim's step-brother, police claimed to have solved over one-year-old blind murder of a youth of Jassomajra village under Bhadson police station. The accused allegedly followed a crime serial on a private channel to commit the crime.According to information, Gagandeep's throat was slit with a sharp-edged weapon by some unidentified persons in the wee hours of July 6, 2011 while he was sleeping in his house. His family first took him to Bhadson hospital, from where he was referred to Government Medical College and Rajindra Hospital, Patiala. But he died within hours of reaching there.During investigation, it came to light that Gagandeep was Jarnail Kaur's son from her second marriage, while Gursewak Singh was born from her first marriage. But the half-brothers did not have cordial relations. Since Gagan had more say in family matters, Gursewak allegedly hatched a conspiracy to kill him. On the fateful night, he reportedly sprayed pesticides on all family members to make them unconscious before slitting Gagan's throat.\"During interrogation, Gursewak revealed that he used to watch some crime serials and got the idea from there. He not only sprayed pesticides on all family members, but even on dogs. The motive behind murder was family property and accused wanted to take command of the house,\" said Nabha DSP Rajwinder Sohal.Initially, Gagan's parents, Jarnail Kaur and Satpal Singh, were not ready to accept police theory, but when the accused confessed to his crime they demanded strict action against him. \"We kept an eye on him for many months before arresting him on Monday after collecting all proofs,\" the DSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747342", "title": "Slum-dwellers lynch goon, gherao police station", "text": "NAGPUR: In a violent public backlash that brought back memories of the infamous Akku Yadav lynching case, residents of Vasantrao Naik slum on Amravati Road, near Bole petrol pump, lynched a goon who had been terrorizing them for long. The enraged slum-dwellers, numbering close to 400, then marched to Sitabuldi police station and virtually gheraoed it late on Tuesday night, sparking tension.Sheikh Iqbal was thrashed to death after he had come to the slum along with another goon Sheikh Akram, who used to run an illegal gambling den in the slum. Akram, Iqbal and about six others had barged into the slum and the group was threatening some people at knifepoint. However, the slum-dwellers fought back and started thrashing them. While Akram and others escaped, Iqbal was beaten black and blue, which led to his death. The incident took place around 9pm.As police arrived at the scene, the residents pelted stones at the van and injured some policemen. They then marched to Sitabuldi police station, blaming the police for neglecting the issue that resulted in the violent outpouring on Tuesday.The enraged residents, comprising many women and children, claimed that Akram and other goons had murdered a slum-dweller and buried his body in the slum itself. They said that police had not acted firmly against Akram's gambling den and allowed public anger against him to fester. Akram's group had even teased some girls from the slum during Ganesh festival, which further angered residents. \"Whenever police raided Akram's den, he and his men would beat us up, claiming that we had tipped off the police. The entire slum was fed up of their terror,\" said residents.Police had to resort to a mild lathi-charge to quell the angry mob at the police station. Police officials said they may consider exhuming the body that slum-dwellers claim was buried in the slum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "meerut", "code": "16749435", "title": "Cricket bat manufacturing firm BDM's director abducted in Meerut", "text": "MEERUT: The director of a cricket bat manufacturing firm has been abducted from here, police said today.55-year-old Sudhir Mahajan, the director of BDM company, was kidnapped last night when he was returning to his residence in his car from his factory located on Delhi road.The car driven by his driver Ravinder was stopped by the armed abductors near the Ganganagar police post and Mahajan along with his driver was kidnapped, police said.Shortly afterwards, the kidnappers made a ransom call from Mahajan's mobile to the family demanding Rs 2 crores.Mahajan's car was found abandoned in Mawana area.S P (rural) R P Pandey said they have found some clues and are hopeful of finding the trader soon.Traders in the city have expressed concern over the kidnapping and warned of protests if Mahajan was not recovered safely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16747039", "title": "7 more held in Reebok case", "text": "GURGAON: Seven more accused persons were arrested late on Tuesday night in connection with the Rs 870 crore Reebok India scam.A senior police officer told TOI that police were on Tuesday night interrogating the accused and verifying their role in the scam. The special investigation team (SIT) had earlier arrested two main accused, former Reebok India MD Subhender Singh Prem and ex-COO Vishnu Bhagat, and three others and all of them are in judicial custody.The senior police officer identified the seven arrested persons in as Vikas Uppal, Manish Marwah, Nikhil Upadhya, Anand Agrwal, Somiya Badat Mukharji and Lalit Marwaha. The interrogation of the accused by a team of the SIT and a crime branch team was on even at 11.30pm on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745461", "title": "National badminton coach Gopichand is expanding academy, aiming for more Sainas", "text": "HYDERABAD: National badminton coach P Gopi Chand is staying in a rented place and not in his own swanky residence at the foot of a picturesque hillock.That's his way to ensure that he remains in close proximity to his academy and students.In the half a decade that he has been coaching, Gopi has been a man possessed with badminton. You won't find him at home between 4.30 am and 7.30 pm.The 15 hours that he spends at his academy each day haven't done his hunger any harm. Although he has almost completed half of his second term as Indian coach, Gopi yeans for more.\"After Saina won the bronze at Olympics I felt I accomplished my job. But soon I realized that I am hungry to do more for the sport I love. I want to continue till 2016 Rio and may be beyond.But it is for BAI ( Badminton Association of India) to decide whether I should stay or go,\" he said.It will be difficult to find a stronger candidate than him at this point. The 2001 All England champion has shaped the careers of Saina Nehwal , P Kashyap and PV Sindhu.Gopi took over the job in 2006 with the sole objective of winning medals at the Delhi Commonwealth Games.Once that was accomplished, he was given a fresh lease with new objectives: podium at the Olympics. He did that too with Saina taking the bronze.Two Indonesian junior coaches - Andika and Danu - have joined his academy recently.Gopi is expanding his academy as he finds that the existing facility is unable to cater to the needs of growing number of budding shuttlers.Another six-court indoor structure, a stone's throw from the present academy, will be functional by April. Besides, his second academy in Gwalior will be ready by December.How does he envisage the future of the game in the country beyond Saina?\"Emulating Saina will not be easy. She has set the bar quite high. But I think players like Sindhu have the capacity to come close to Saina's feats,\" said Gopi.\"Producing Saina-type players is no easy task. Except China, even countries with rich badminton history like Indonesia, Malaysia and Denmark have failed to churn out top-class talent regularly.But we have great talent in both men and women who have been troubling the best in the world.\"Wait for another six months, you can except some great results from men too. Even now they have the ability to upset all the top ranked players.We have seen that at the China Open where we had three men in the quarterfinals. That's no mean feat. I am expecting more big results from men.\"On comparisons between Saina and Sindhu, Gopi said: \"I don't want to discuss the strengths and flaws of my players. There is nothing much to say about Saina.Her results speak for her. Sindhu has a very good game, though there are a few areas to be improved. She is very talented all-round player.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16447033", "title": "Adequate sleep key to weight loss", "text": "Adequate sleep is important for person to lose weight, and it should be added to the recommended mix of diet and exercise, a new study suggests .Although calorie restriction and increased physical activity are recommended for weight loss, there is significant evidence that inadequate sleep is contributing to obesity.Lack of sleep increases the stimulus to consume more food and increases appetite-regulating hormones.\"The solution [to weight loss] is not as simple as 'eat less, move more, sleep more',\" Drs. Jean-Phillippe Chaput, Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario Research Institute, Ottawa , Ontario and Angelo Tremblay, Laval University, Quebec, Quebec, wrote.\"However, an accumulating body of evidence suggests that sleeping habits should not be overlooked when prescribing a weight-reduction program to a patient with obesity. Sleep should be included as part of the lifestyle package that traditionally has focused on diet and physical activity,\" Chaput said.The authors' recently published research found that total sleep time and quality of sleep predicted the loss of fat in people enrolled in a weight loss program.The Canadian Obesity Network has included adequate sleep in its new set of obesity management tools for physicians.The study is published in CMAJ (Canadian Medical Association Journal).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16747594", "title": "Two more cases against Sharmila Naik", "text": "PONDA: Sharmila Satish Naik, 31, a resident of Bethora in Ponda, would now face two more cases of cheating and criminal breach of trust. She was arrested on Thursday on cheating accusations by two women from Shiroda.According to police, she had borrowed gold ornaments from the complainants on the pretext of using the same during ceremonial functions, and was hypothecated to get a loan from a private company in Ponda. The number of cases against her is now six. In the latest two cases, Sulaksha Harikant Naik, a resident of Askanwada-Shiroda and Nayani Santosh Gaonkar, a resident of Karmane-Shiroda, have complained to the Ponda police that Naik had borrowed gold from them that has not returned until date.Sulaksha Naik has complained that the accused Sharmila had borrowed a 20 gm gold necklace and a 16 gm gold bracelet on the pretext of using it for a religious function on August 10, and has not returned it till date. She has sought a loan of 52,600 from Muthoot finance against the jewelry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16745943", "title": "Govt's birth anniversary gift to JP?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state housing and urban planning department issued the notification effecting change of land use from green belt to public utility to pave way for construction of the Jai Prakash Narain International Centre in Gomtinagar on Tuesday. The move comes two days before the Samajwadi Party government gears up to celebrate the 110th birth anniversary of the socialist leader on Thursday.The development, interestingly, also coincided with BSP chief Mayawati calling a rally on the occasion of the sixth death anniversary of her mentor and BSP founder Kanshiram .The notification paved way for change of land use of around 4 hectares of green belt which was added to the centre after being taken away from a five star hotel and a lawn close to the office of Lucknow Development Authority. The lawn, essentially in the Baradari premises of LDA, was used for marriage functions. Sources said that the lawn may no more be given for any such functions from New Year. Likewise, around 2 hectares of land which was given to the five star hotel on licence basis, has also been taken away.It was on August 31 when the board of Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) gave its nod to the incorporation of the land to the facility.Well placed sources in LDA said that public objections will now be invited after which work on construction of the center will begin, expectedly in the New Year. The site, as of now, bears the load of sandstones rubble that was generated from dalit memorials constructed during Mayawati regime.The centre is proposed to come over an area of around 18 acre. The project was first approved by the LDA in 2006. However, it was put in abeyance by Mayawati government, which stormed to power in 2007. In fact, the project, which was to be executed by Nirman Nigam returned LDA Rs 48 crore of the Rs 50 crore allotted to it for the project. The total cost of the project at that time was estimated to be around Rs 150 crore. The state government is yet to make a final estimate for the construction of the centre, which is proposed to have auditoriums, seminar halls in addition to a library, museum, cafeteria and an indoor sports complex. However, the final design is yet to be endorsed by UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.LDA, meanwhile, has invited applications from the architects across the country by October 31 to design the centre. The state government has already held a pre-bid meeting where the proposal to set up the centre has undergone some modifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16746989", "title": "Govt sets up panel to monitor abattoirs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has formed a committee to monitor activities of abattoirs and prevent cruelty to animals at public places in the city and other urban areas of the state. According to the resolution passed by H&UD; department on October 5, the committee would identify the slaughterhouses. \"It will also recommend modernization of slaughterhouses and relocate butcheries existing in close vicinity of residential areas,\" said the resolution, prepared in sync with the provisions of 'Prevention of Cruelty to Animals' (slaughterhouse) rules, 2001.\"We will keep an eye on the hygiene and engagement of child labourers in abattoirs and take action against unlicenced butcheries. Inspections will be carried out regularly to ensure that guidelines laid down by the committee are followed,\" H&UD; secretary Deoranjan Kumar Singh told TOI. \"The committee will recommend steps to deal with solid waste, air and water pollution near the slaughterhouses,\" Singh said. It would send bi-annual report to the Union ministry of environment and forests and refer issues that may require recommendations from the Centre.While secretary of housing and urban development department (H&UD;) is chairman of the committee, other members are commissioner of police, secretaries of several departments like panchayati raj, health, fisheries and animal resources, forest and environment, member secretary of State Pollution Control Board, commissioners of Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Berhampur Municipal Corporations, among others.Committee member and commissioner of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) Sanjib Kumar Mishra said the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation will establish five mechanized slaughterhouses in the city. \"The modern slaughterhouses would come up at Pandara, Gadakana, Dumduma, Ghatikia and Vani Vihar,\" Mishra said. At present, the city has only one slaughterhouse at Meherpalli in Laxmisagar.BMC has engaged the Centre for Environment and Development (CED), a Centre-recognised consultancy from Thiruvananthapuram to prepare the detailed project report of the abattoirs. Around Rs 15 crore would be spent on their construction with the amount being equally shared by the state government and Union ministry of food processing industries.BMC corporator and advisor of Bhubaneswar Meat Vendors' Association Sheikh Nizamuddin said the first modern permanent slaughterhouse would come up at Rudrapur on the Bhubaneswar-Cuttack road. \"The state government has handed over two acre land to BMC for it. There will be mechanical butchering and processing of meats at the abattoir,\" Nizamuddin said.\"It will be a big relief for us if the slaughterhouses come up at the earliest. Since we are selling meat on the roadside, BMC squads are destroying our meat during raids,\" said Sheikh Sajan, member of Bhubaneswar Meat Vendors' Association.The BMC will construct dedicated vending zones to accommodate meat, chicken and fish vendors at one place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kaithal, haryana", "code": "16749376", "title": "Hours after Sonia Gandhi's visit, another girl raped in Haryana", "text": "KAITHAL, HARYANA: In yet another barbaric incident against the feminine gender, a Dalit girl was gang-raped in Haryana's Kaithal district last night.According to reports, the 19-year-old girl was kidnapped and gang-raped by two men in Kalayat area of Kaithal district.Haryana Police has, however, arrested two accused in connection with this case.The untoward incident took place hours after Congress president Sonia Gandhi's Haryana visit, where she met the family of a Dalit teenaged girl, who immolated herself after being allegedly gang-raped in this district.Gandhi, who was accompanied by Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , Union minister Kumari Selja and Haryana minister Randeep Singh Surjewala during her visit in Haryana's Jind District, yesterday said perpetrators of such barbaric crimes must be severely punished.Gandhi visited the family of a Dalit teenaged girl, who immolated herself after being allegedly gang-raped in Haryana's Jind District on Saturday, and assured them of all help.The Congress president after meeting the rape victim's family said those guilty of such heinous crimes, which take place not only in Haryana but elsewhere too, must be severely punished.Gandhi also rejected the suggestion of a Haryana Khap Panchayat that marriageable age for girls should be reduced to 16 as this will help in curbing the increasing instances of rapes in the state.\"The country has a democratic system and an independent judiciary and the law is in the hands of judiciary and nobody else,\" she said.The Congress government in Haryana has drawn flak from all quarters for its alleged failure to prevent incidents of crime against Dalits and women.The 16-year-old girl had sprinkled kerosene and immolated herself after allegedly being gang-raped by two youths in Narwana sub-division of the district.The victim died at the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences at Rohtak, where she was rushed from Narwana Civil hospital with 90 percent burn injuries.14 rape cases have been reported from the Congress-ruled state in the last one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745854", "title": "JNU student suspended for molestation", "text": "NEW DELHI: A JNU student, pursuing PhD at the School of Languages, was suspended after he allegedly molested a girl inside one of the hostels of the university.The Vasant Vihar police have registered a case. The incident was reported on October 4, cops said. \"The molestation charge has been made by a history student at DU. According to the complaint, she was invited to the accused's room at Brahmaputra Hostel. She said she was locked inside and molested,\" said a police officer.Cops said they were talking to JNU authorities for clarity. \"We will arrest the accused after we find prima facie evidence of his involvement in another such attempt. We are taking down the statements of friends of both the parties to develop leads,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16747449", "title": "RWA fumes at LG for seeking alternative to RTR flyover plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Vasant Vihar RWA has dashed off a letter to Delhi's PWD minister, Raj Kumar Chauhan, saying that it was \"distressed\" to learn that the lieutenant-governor had asked for examination of an alternative to the PWD's plan to build a three-lane flyover parallel to the existing flyover on RTR. \"We resent the delay this intrusion will cause. As it is, a similar intervention in the past delayed the project. And now that all systems have been cleared to go, the LG has...succumbed to pressure that will cause immense harm to all who use Outer Ring Road,\" president of the RWA, Dr Gautam Vohra, has written.TOI had reported last week that a section of residents had suggested an alternative plan for solving the traffic mess at the RTR flyover.Their representation had prompted the LG's office to ask planning body UTTIPEC to consider the proposal.The UTTIPEC officials have been asked to get a structural stability study conducted for the proposed solution, which involves widening the existing three-lane flyover on either side to make it six-laned, and discuss the matter in the next governing body meeting.The PWD minister had told TOI: \"We are working on proper solutions for the RTR mess and want to build a three-lane flyover. We have been approaching the problem scientifically through our consultants, RITES, and will be taking a view of the best engineering solution and not the whims of a few residents. Our engineers are working out the best solution through proper study of engineering possibilities and traffic patterns.\"The letter by the Vasant Vihar RWA gives an account of the problems faced by residents. Citing the high volume of traffic on Paschimi Marg, the RWA has requested that a direct right-turning facility from Outer Ring Road to Vasant Vihar be made available on this road for the traffic coming from the airport side.As of now, Paschimi Marg caters to traffic from Basant Enclave and Basant Gaon as adequate independent entry/exits for these colonies are not available. The 20-odd schools in the area also use this road as several of them have exits only on this road, said residents.The entry from Outer Ring Road to Vasant Vihar for the traffic from the airport side is now possible only through a right turn to Poorvi Marg as the other entrances can be accessed only after taking a u-turn under the RTR flyover which is a nightmare during peak hours and school hours, say the residents.The RWA has asked for widening of Nelson Mandela Marg between Vasant Vihar and Outer Ring Road so that it can function as the main feeder road for Vasant Kunj.At present, in order to avoid the two traffic signals, traffic from Vasant Kunj which requires a left turn on Outer Ring Road enters Vasant Vihar via the free left turn along Munirka. The RWA fears that this traffic problem will get compounded due to additional traffic after the Vasant Vihar Metro station becomes functional.An independent exit/entry to Outer Ring Road for Basant Enclave and Basant Gaon and a pedestrian crossing on Outer Ring Road between Vasant Vihar and R K Puram are among their other requests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16747264", "title": "Nitish gives call for Delhi march", "text": "GAYA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has threatened a march to Delhi if the demand to confer special status was not met as Bihar cannot afford to wait for 25 years to reach national average in respect of development, infrastructure and human development index. Pleading for criteria change to accommodate Bihar's demand for special state status, the CM said poverty and backwardness are ground enough to merit special status.Making an unusually brief speech amidst unprecedented tight security and extended D area to thwart the designs of likely trouble makers in Gaya Gandhi Maidan on Tuesday evening, the CM said special status will bring investments in the state and save money to make more resources available for the execution of new development schemes.But for minor scuffle at the rally entrance point between Chhatra JD(U) activists and the cops, the event passed off peacefully giving reasons to the district officials to heave a sigh of relief. The district JD(U) chief Ram Chandra Singh publicly apologised for the conduct of the cops and promised agitated activists that he will take up the matter with senior police officials after the preparatory meet.Linking the demand of the agitating contractual teachers demanding pay parity with regular teachers, the CM without directly naming the trouble makers at the CM's meet elsewhere in the state, exhorted them (teachers) to join the movement for special state status as, the exchequer is presently empty and special state status is a must to fill the empty state coffer.Earlier, on his arrival, the CM held a review meet at the Circuit House. The participants included divisional commissioner Vivek Singh, Magadh range DIG Naiyyar Hasnain Khan, Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi and SSP Vinay Kumar.Contract teacher leader and MLC Sanjiv Shyam Singh alleged that Jitendra Kumar, a teacher leader was picked up from Gaya and taken to Atri. Reports reaching district headquarters from Barachatti said altogether 28 contract teachers were detained on the eve of the CM's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16745297", "title": "Asian Para Badminton: Legislator to sponsor B Anand Kumar's trip to Korea", "text": "BANGALORE: Disabled shuttler B Anand Kumar's worries over funds to take part in the 3rd Asian Para Badminton championships were over in a matter of a few hours on Tuesday after a host of well-wishers lined up to help the player ranked No.2 in the world.\"Since morning my phone hasn't stopped ringing. Many people offered help before I decided to accept the offer of Malleswaram MLA CN Aswath Narayan who has agreed to sponsor my trip to Korea.He is helping me through the Malleswaram Sports Foundation formed by him to help the needy,\" Anand said.Among the others who came forward to help Anand was State Bank of Mysore (SBM).While the bank agreed to bear the shuttler's expenses and sanctioned an additional 10,000 for a total aid of Rs 87,000, Narayan went a step further by handing over a cheque of Rs 1,00,001 to Anand on Tuesday.Anand has won the bronze medal in the Asian championships in Malaysia in 2004. On Tuesday, TOI had highlighted the plight of the shuttler.Anand, who beat the world No.1 ranked player in Paris in May, said he also got offers of help from the Department of Youth Services and Sports and the Go Sports Foundation. \"There were so many calls and emails that I've lost count,\" Anand said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746296", "title": "Illegal buildings razed, land cleared", "text": "PUNE: Illegal constructions of approximately 44,000 sq ft were razed while land measuring 40,000 sq ft was cleared of encroachments in separate operations launched by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) on Tuesday.The PMC demolished three structures having an area of around 19,500 sq ft in Hadapsar. Two of the buildings were four-storey structures with 8,000 sq ft and 7,500 sq ft area respectively. Another one was a three-storey structure of 4,000 sq ft area.Since the drive began last week, the PMC has demolished illegal structures of 1.17 lakh sq ft at Satara Road, Nagar Road, Gokhalenagar, Pashan, Baner and Wadgaonsheri, Kalas, Dhanori, Warje and Karvenagar.Last week the PMC demolished illegal constructions spread over 1.5 lakh sq ft. On the first day of the drive, illegal constructions spread over 25,000 sq ft on Satara Road were demolished. The next day, the PMC razed illegal buildings over an area of 23,000 sq ft. On Wednesday, the third day of the drive, Nagar Road and Gokhalenagar areas were included in the drive and the civic department claimed it had demolished 18 buildings spread over 30,000 sq ft across the city. On Thursday, the drive was carried out in Pashan, Baner and Wadgaonsheri zones and illegal constructions spread over 28,000 sq ft were demolished. Illegal construction spread over 38,500 sq ft in Kalas and Dhanori areas were demolished on Friday. On Saturday, they brought down illegal constructions spread over 20,000 sq ft in Warje and Karvenagar areas.There was no action on the illegal construction on Sunday. The drive began on Monday with the demolition of 15,000 sq ft construction at Kalas and Dhanori area.Meanwhile, the PCNTDA demolished two unauthorized buildings near Rahatni Phata in Thergaon on Tuesday. PCNTDA public relations officer Ramchandra Dekhane said, \"Two commercial buildings measuring 12,000 sq ft each were demolished. Both the buildings were three-storyed structures having approximately 40 shops each.\"Owners of a hospital and two hotels located in one of the buildings removed their belongings before it was brought down. The PCNTDA had to evict some people along with their belongings. Encroachments on a plot measuring 40,000 sq ft were also removed during the day-long drive. Fifty police personnel and 50 PCNTDA employees took part in the drive led by executive engineer V K Patil.Earlier on Monday, the PCNTDA demolished six shops, one office and a two-storyed residential building in Wakad. The demolition drives are being conducted amidst heavy police security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745218", "title": "Panel to look into sexual harassment cases within SC premises created", "text": "NEW DELHI: It took 15 years and a petition by 63 women lawyers for the Supreme Court Bar Association (SCBA) to set up a committee, as mandated in the apex court's judgment, to look into complaints of sexual harassment within the premises of the highest court.A month back, the women lawyers had petitioned the Supreme Court seeking implementation of its 1997 judgment in Vishaka case mandating that every office, including in the private sector, constitute a committee comprising mostly of women, to look into complaints of sexual harassment at the workplace.The petitioners had said, \"There is no forum in Supreme Court, or the courts below, for women to address the issue of sexual harassment experienced by them frequently at the hands of their colleagues and persons in whose contact they come in while discharging their duties as advocates.\"The issue was raised on Tuesday at the Supreme Court Bar Association's executive meeting by assistant secretary Gaurav Bhatia and the body constituted a five-member committee to look into complaints of sexual harassment of women lawyers in the Supreme Court premises. It comprised senior advocates Altaf Ahmed and Pinky Anand and avocates Meera Bhatia, Kumud Lata Das and Sharbani Chakravarthy.The women lawyers in their petition had said, \"In order to sub-serve the ends of justice towards the women advocates who require protection from sexual harassment in court precincts, there is an urgent requirement that SC gives further directions in this regard.\" They had requested the court to make them a party in a pending case relating to alleged physical violence against a female advocate in Delhi High Court.As per the guidelines laid down in the 1997 Vishaka judgment, a committee headed by a woman and with a majority of women members had to be set up in the apex court, each HC and trial court so that such cases could be addressed and resolved, the women lawyers had said. \"At present, there is no such forum and in the light of the case before the Supreme Court, such a committee is the need of the hour and should be immediately set up,\" they had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745698", "title": "Chanakyapuri plot goes for Rs 10L per sq yard", "text": "NEW DELHI: The economic slowdown has not affected deals in the city's premium real estate space. Gujarat-based Torrent Group has bought 1,124 sq yards of residential property in Chanakyapuri for Rs 111 crore, at the rate of around Rs 10,00,000 per sq yard, which is the highest recorded rate in the recent past. The property lies close by the US Embassy.Real estate consultants said, despite the slowdown in the economy there is no correction in property prices in ultra-premium areas of the city. Recently, Gautam Adani of Adani Group had bought a bungalow in Golf Links for Rs 140 crore.In another mega deal, Sandeep Jajodia, promoter of Monnet Ispat and Energy Ltd, bought a bungalow on a 2,000 sq yard plot in Shanti Niketan for Rs 170 crore.In the deal by Torrent Group, the land commanded a high rate of Rs 10,00,000 per sq yard because of the high permissible built-up area. In Chanakyapuri, construction of 1.5 times of the plot area over three storeys is allowed. Therefore, Torrent Group can construct around 15,000 sq feet on the bought plot, and the cost of the house would be around Rs 75,000 per sq foot. The promoters of Torrent Group, Sudhir and Samir Mehta, have bought the property in the name of Torrent Pharma and Torrent Power.Plots in Lutyens' Bungalow Zone (LBZ) cost less compared to those in other premium areas like Golf Links and Chanakyapuri because of their large size and restrictions on construction. However, a consultant who was involved in a deal in LBZ, said the cost of constructed area per square foot in LBZ is among the highest in Delhi.As the supply in LBZ is limited, the ultra-rich are looking for big bungalows just outside the zone. In this regard, Golf Links, Amrita Shergill Marg, Shanti Niketan and Chanakyapuri are high in demand and command a price of Rs 10 lakh to Rs 12 lakh per sq yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745544", "title": "Mayor calls trident light row a closed chapter", "text": "KOLKATA: Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra on Tuesday laid siege to Kolkata Municipal Corporation, demanding a probe into the alleged trident light scam, only to be told by mayor Sovan Chatterjee that it was a \"closed chapter\".The mammoth CPM rally choked Esplanade in the afternoon, leaving thousands of Puja shoppers stuck in buses and taxis for hours .The CPM had been denied permission to hold the meeting near KMC's headquarters on SN Banerjee Road, but went ahead with it in a show of strength. Mishra slammed the mayor, saying that he was more interested in decorative lights than providing basic civic services. CPM rallyists carried mock-ups of trident lights and dengue to highlight the \"failures\" of the KMC.Mishra accused chief minister Mamata Banerjee of double standard. \"She is accusing the Centre of major scams but what about the scams in Bengal or Kolkata? Has the CM given a clean chit to the mayor on these beautification projects,\" asked the opposition leader, alleging that some of Mamata's relatives might have a hand in \"financial irregularities\".If the trident lights and the move to paint the city blue and white were investigated, it would reveal major scams, he said.Rupa Bagchi, opposition leader in the KMC, wondered how the mayor could rule out a scam in trident lights when he had himself signed the order to remove Gautam Pattanayak, the director-general of the KMC lighting department for his alleged role in fixing the purchase rates for trident lights.Mishra also sounded a caution against the functioning of chit funds in the state. \"I am told that these chit funds have collected Rs 1500 crore from small-time investors. This seems to be very alarming,\" he said.Mishra accused the Trinamool-led government of preventing CPM from exercising its democratic rights. \"Though notice was given to the police and civic administration a month ago, seeking approval for the meeting, police refused us at the last minute,\" he said, adding that the Left Front would again hold a meeting at the same venue after the Pujas. Mishra alleged that the state administration was out to block the opposition movement against the Trinamool Congress run state government or the civic bodies. Refering to the controversy created over holding the Left Front meeting near the KMC headquarters, Mishra said thatThe rally created a traffic mess in and around Esplanade that had its spillover effect on large parts of central Kolkata. Puja shoppers headed for New Market or Sreeram Arcade had a hard time cooped up in vehicles. Policemen were seen advising passengers to get off buses and start walking.Rita Sen, a Beliaghata resident, started for New Market at 3.30pm but two hours later, she was still stuck in a jam. \"This is ridiculous. It took more than an hour to reach Esplanade. Now I am to wait for the meeting to get over. By the time I reach New Market, I'll have lost my patience to do the shopping,\" Sen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746114", "title": "Why call for objections after allotting land?", "text": "MUMBAI: The government made a farce of the law by first allotting land to two judges' housing societies and then inviting suggestions and objections from the public on it, the Bombay high court was told on Tuesday.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More started the final hearing of two petitions challenging allotment of plots in Bandra (E) to Siddhant and Nyay Sagar housing societies of judges of the higher judiciary. The petitions alleged that reservation for both the societies were deleted and modified: Nyay Sagar was meant to rehabilitate the \"dishoused\" while Siddhant was supposed to be for subordinate court building/staff quarters but both the tags were changed.Petitioner-activist Nitin Deshpande's advocate Amit Karande argued that under Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act, the government had to first call for public suggestions and objections before allotting land. \"They first allotted the land and then invited objections in papers, which were not widely circulated,\" said Karande. He added there was no material before the appropriate authority to form an opinion that the land was not required for public purpose or balanced development of the region. \"Without any such material, they have deleted and modified the reservations,\" Karande added.The judges took note of the state affidavit in which it was stated that under Regulation 9 of Development Control Regulations for Greater Mumbai 1991, if a plot land is reserved for housing the dishoused, the owner can develop it and use permissible floor space index (FSI), subject to handing over of 10% of the built-up area for the homeless. \"If this is allowed and if out of 10,000 sq m, 1,000 sq m is handed over to the BMC for housing the dishoused, what is the adverse impact,\" asked Justice Shah. Karande replied the total land could have been split and if there was 10% built-up area, more homes for the dishoused could be provided.The hearing will continue on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745652", "title": "Allotment of plots by DMK regime being probed: Govt", "text": "CHENNAI: Allotment of prime housing plots to seven people under the government's discretionary quota during the previous DMK regime has come to haunt the beneficiaries with the AIADMK government informing the Madras high court that a complaint on the issue had been sent to the chief secretary for action.A submission to this effect was made before Justice K Venkataraman when a writ petition filed by C Selvaraj, president of the Association of Transparency and Anti-Corruption, came up for further hearing on Monday. The counter, filed by S Saraswathi, deputy superintendent of police, vigilance and anti-corruption, submitted that the complaint dated November 11, 2011 had been forwarded to the chief secretary for necessary action.The beneficiaries are: Dhayanidhi Alagiri, son of Union minister M K Alagiri; former regional passport officer Sumathi Ravichandran; Parvin, wife of additional director-general of police M S Jaffer Sait; Venkataraman, personal assistant to the then chief minister M Karunanidhi; S Rajalakshmi; L Ganesan, former member of Parliament; and D Yashodha, the then Congress MLA.In accordance with an April 1964 order based on the Manual of Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption, the complaint was immediately forwarded to the chief secretary without the vigilance department conducting any form of inquiry into the matter, it said.As per the 1964 memo, complaints received by the vigilance authorities shall be forwarded to the chief secretary without any inquiry, if they pertained to all India service officers, heads of departments and collectors. In this case, the complaint had named all India service officers as well as heads of departments as beneficiaries.Manikandan Vathan Chettiar, counsel for Selvaraj, contended that the beneficiaries had conspired to cheat the government as well as the Tamil Nadu Housing Board \"in order to wrongly enrich themselves.\"They had furnished a false declaration that none of then owned any house in the state. Believing their undertaking and an affidavit filed to that effect, the government had issued separate orders allotting prime housing plots to them in the city under the government discretionary quota (GDQ) treating them as \"social workers or unblemished government servants.\" Selvaraj wanted the court to direct the government to register a case against them and investigate the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "16746781", "title": "Oracle mulls opening data centre in India", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Oracle Corporation may look at opening a data centre in India in the next few years as it sees greater adoption of technology across Indian companies, said a senior executive of the $37-billion technology major. India, with a 30,000-strong workforce, has been shortlisted as one of the countries where the Redwood City , California-based company could open a new facility as it beefs up its cloud play.At present, Oracle operates only one data center in the Asia-Pacific region in Australia, while another one is going to come up in Singapore soon. But the final decision on India will depend on investments that will be allocated globally to this region, Steve Au Yeung, MD (Asia-Pacific), Oracle, told TOI on the sidelines of the company's annual event 'Oracle OpenWorld 2012'. \"Although growth has slowed down in India, we have registered double-digit growth,\" Yeung said. The Indian market is already opening up to innovations in cloud strategy within the telecommunications and banking industries, he said.Oracle employs 40,000 people across Asia-Pacific, making India its biggest market in terms of employee strength. However, China is its largest revenue generator in this region. The company had spent about $4.5 billion worldwide on R&D; in the financial year 2012 and expects to take it up to $5 billion in 2013. At present, the Asia-Pacific region contributes 17% to the overall revenue of the world's largest enterprise software company.\"China and India are our growth markets in Asia \u2014 both these economies have significant scale for us. In India, we added thousands of jobs last year and it also houses one of our largest development teams outside the US,\" said Mark Hurd , co-president, Oracle. \"As both new technology and new applications get accepted in the ( BRIC) markets, we will be investing heavily there,\" he said.The writer was in San Francisco , California , on an invitation from Oracle Corp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746516", "title": "Nawal Kishore, the giant killer in politics", "text": "JAIPUR: Veteran Congress leader Nawal Kishore Sharma, who passed away in Jaipur on Monday, began his public life in a humble way by first becoming the chairman of Dausa municipality and then a pradhan. In 1968, the Dausa Lok Sabha constituency seat fell vacant following the death of Swatantra Party member Chiranjit Rai, a Bombay businessman. In the by-election which followed, the Swatantra Party which was led by late Maharani Gayatri Devi fielded Prithvi Raj, her stepson. Prithvi Raj was a member of Lok Sabha from 1962 to 1967 from Dausa constituency when Swatantra Party was a force to reckon with in state politics. Congress has fielded a Brahmin candidate against Prithvi Raj. But knowing that he stood no chance in the electoral battle, the Congress candidate quietly withdrew his nomination without informing the party. The party had asked Nawal Kishore to file nomination as a dummy candidate and following the withdrawal of the official candidate, Nawal Kishore was asked by the then PCC president Nathuram Mirdha to become the Congress candidate.Nawal contested the election like a seasoned campaigner and drove home the point to the predominantly rural electorate that the royals never show their face after winning an election and he as a local man would be always at the service of the electorate. This theme clicked and for the first time the magic and popularity of Gayatri Devi was seen at a low ebb. Senior journalist Vijay Bhandari, who was a close observer of the by-election as the managing editor of Rajasthan Patrika, said: \"Nawalji's victory was a sort of death knell for the Swatantra Party. The party started losing its grip in politics after the Dausa defeat and faded out. Swatantra Party's loss was the gain of Jan Sangh and thus ended the power politics of the ex rulers and the big landlords\".Nawal Kishore was the unchallenged leader of Dausa and won two consecutive elections in 1971 and 1980. But in the 1984 Lok Sabha election, he was asked not to contest from Dausa, leaving his home constituency seat for Rajesh Pilot. However, he won from Jaipur under a pro Congress wave following the assassination of Indira Gandhi defeating two-time winner late Satish Chandra Agarwal of BJP. However, he lost subsequent elections to Agarwal and Girdhari Lal Bhargava. In 1996, he shifted to Alwar and won from there to reach Lok Sabha once again and then returned to the state politics by becoming a member of the Vidhan Sabha from Jaipur (rural) in 1998. In the 1985 Vidhan Sabha election, he was made the PCC chief and during this period a number of sitting Congress MLAs, who belonged to the old Sukhadia school were denied party tickets. It was largely on his advise following the killing of the sitting opposition MLA Raja Man Singh that the chief minister Shiv Charan Mathur was removed and Heera Lal Deopura was made the interim chief minister in 1985.Nawal Kishore had an excellent rapport with Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi during his days as governor and he enjoyed the respect of Modi.Nawalji never liked the rich and at one stage, he even opposed the nomination of KK Birla from Rajasthan for Rajya Sabha. He believed in establishing people's representatives and even after losing two Lok Sabha elections, never begged a Rajya Sabha seat for himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16745511", "title": "Rain-caused canal breach ruins paddy crop in Mandya district", "text": "MANDYA: Heavy rain that lashed the KRS reservoir area on Monday night led to the breach of two canals in the district, destroying 300 acres of paddy crop. The breach occurred at Virija and Chikkadevaraya canals, near Palahalli and Hosur villages, about 10km from the Krishnarajasagara reservoir.Deputy commissioner BN Krishnaiah said irrigation department officials have suspended release of water to the canals from the Cauvery. The officials will assess the loss incurred by farmers to calculate the quantum of compensation.Srirangapatna taluk received 144.5mm rainfall on Monday \u2014 its highest two decades. Irrigation and revenue officers said heavy rain led to a rise in the canal water levels, resulting in soil erosion. The mud from the bunds buried the paddy crop.The DC explained that the breach hadn't affected residential areas in Palahalli and Hosur. The DC, MLA Ramesh Babu and senior irrigation officers visited the affected areas.KRS reservoir executive engineer Vijayakumar said Virija and Cjikkadevaraya canals are situated downstream of the dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746164", "title": "2 killed as train rams into water tanker", "text": "BHOPAL: Two persons in a tractor towed water bowser (tanker) were killed on Tuesday when their vehicle collided with a train running at a high speed at an unmanned level crossing between Junnardeo and Iklehra stations of central railways in Chhindwara district, police said.The impact of the collision was such that the tractor towed water bowser was smashed into pieces and the owner-cum-driver Rajju Prajapati, 40, and his assistant Mukesh Yadav, 22, was killed on the spot, railway officials said. After the incident, Patalkot Express couldn't chug off to Chhindwara station some 37 km from the spot for seven hours as its engine and railway track suffered some damage. Patalkot Express (Delhi- Chhindwara) reached Chhindwara at 4 pm instead of 9.15 am. It chugged off to Delhi at 4.30 pm, officials said.Meanwhile, the district administration and Union minister Kamalnath have announced Rs 10,000 each as ex-gratia the family members of the deceased.After the mishap, Parasia BJP MLA Tarachand Bawaria staged a protest demanding that the unmanned railway crossing should be turned into a manned one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16745987", "title": "Mayawati accuses state govt of not allowing her to land at venue", "text": "Apart from taking pot-shots at the Samajwadi government for unleashing lawlessness in Uttar Pradesh, BSP chief Mayawati also alleged that the state government put a spanner in her grand arrival at Tuesday's rally. Though the former chief minister claimed she was supposed to arrive in style on board a chopper-from her Mall Avenue residence to the Ramabai Ambedkar Rally Sthal-the district administration denied permission for the helicopter to land. Though it remained a mystery where, from the meandering lanes of Mall Avenue, her chopper would take off, Mayawati profusely apologised to the crowds for the inconvenience by the traffic congestion caused by her convoy of cars. Curiously, when contacted, district administration officials, the airport authority and the SSP city also said they had no role to play in issuing permits to the BSP chief's chopper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747427", "title": "Ayush promised girlfriend a gift she'd never forget", "text": "NAGPUR: Former girlfriend of Ayush Pugaliya, main accused in kidnapping and murder of eight-year-old Kush Katariya, deposed before district and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte on Tuesday. The confident deposition of the 23-year-old woman brought to fore the fact the Ayush was expecting huge amount to land in his kitty but did not share with her how it would be possible.Ayush's former girlfriend Ziya (name changed), in salwar suit, looked tense initially but regained composure after spending some time in witness box. She did not seem uncomfortable later while pointing out at former beau Ayush identifying him. It was Ayush's helpless look at former girlfriend, when she identified him and turned the face away, which struck a chord.It was a month before Ziya's birthday that Ayush had suddenly promised to buy her such a gift that she would never forget. Also, Ayush had assured her on phone that she would not be required to work. During these conversations, Ziya was trying for jobs in Bangalore. Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam, assisted by Rajendra Daga, had asked Ziya about the day when the incident took place. Ziya said that she was too busy to pick up Ayush's phone or reply to his messages.Ziya deposed before the court how Ayush had resorted to a fake identity of a woman to befriend her through a social networking site. They had developed a deep friendship after meeting for the first time in April 2011 and later Ziya had agreed to marry Ayush.Kush's murder on October 11 last year had come to fore after three days when Ayush led the cops to the place in Kalamna where he had dumped the body in an abandoned water tank of an under-construction building. Apart from Ayush, subsequently his elder brothers Navin and Nitin were also arrested on the charges of destruction of evidence.Apart from Ziya, the prosecution witnesses Vishram Wanjari and nodal officer of a private cellphone company Chetan More also testified before the court. While Wanjari testified that Ayush was a frequent user of the public telephone service at his shop, More gave details about the phone calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745657", "title": "Late start, slow work and no closing date", "text": "KOLKATA: Everyone that the College Street Market shop-owners trusted, let them down. While Kolkata Municipal Corporation messed up the initial planning, the builder missed so many deadlines that no one dares take a guess at the completion date.In the time that the Barnaparichay builders managed to complete \"part of one section\" and bits of others, the swanky new airport terminal was built and spruced up with two years to spare (work on it started in 2009).The delay began when KMC proposed to hand over the College Street municipal market without a proper rehabilitation package. KMC officials took several months to identify the 976 stall owners. They were then asked to move to Marcus Square, where their earnings dwindled. Six more months were wasted debating the shift before promoter Bengal Shelter got possession of the market and started pulling it down.KMC gave an 18-month deadline to the promoters, starting January 2007 when the agreement was signed, but did not specify any \"zero date\" that would have helped fix responsibility.Bengal Shelter thus took 36 months to complete the first floor of Block I of the Barnaparichay complex. But KMC building rules required free space to be left out, which meant there wasn't enough space to accommodate those who were to be taken back in the first batch.\"Some owners refused to take possession of the stalls because they were not happy with its location. We were ready to hand over keys to 200 stall owners, but some refused to accept it and stayed put at Marcus Square,\" said Samar Nag of Bengal Shelter.The disgruntled preferred to wait some more years for the next block to come up. Many of them had their reasons. For instance, owners of confectioneries in the front row of the old market were pushed to the rear end of the new building.There were some shortcomings on the part of the promoter, as well. It's been five and a half years but the mall is still far from complete.The delay in rehabilitation gave an excuse to stall owners in other municipal markets to oppose such makeovers. The owners of Park Circus market blocked the Reliance project long enough for the Trinamool-run KMC board to scrap it in 2010 on political grounds.The KMC does not want to take responsibility for the Barnaparichay delay, either.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said: \"I did not conceive the project. I inherited it with all its limitations. The agreement is faulty and most unscientific. I do not know when the project will be complete.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747469", "title": "Daily wage air cargo workers threaten stir", "text": "NAGPUR: The daily wage cargo workers of Air India at Nagpur have threatened a stir if two of their colleagues, whose services were discontinued last week, are not reinstated.Anoop Borkar, leader of the cargo workers, said, \"The management hired four new workers in lieu of our two, who had been working for years together. This is injustice and on October 11 we will be addressing a press conference in which we will declare our future plan of action.\"He added that there are a total of 24 daily wage workers at Nagpur and claimed that all of them had been working for last 15 years. \"We were part of Indian Airlines and after the merger we continued with Air India (AI). We were told that we will be made permanent employees over a decade ago and till date that has not happened. Being daily wage workers we are in constant fear of being replaced,\" said Borkar.However, Air India officials tell a different side of the story. Not wanting to be named, a senior airport official, said, \"They are mixing various issues to get media coverage and nothing else. First about their two colleagues - truth is that we cannot hire a daily wage worker for more than 180 days in a year and hence the two were given 'rest'. By definition, a daily wage worker is to be hired as and when the need arises.\"He further said that making the workers 'permanent' is not as simple as it seems. \"They can be made permanent only when there are vacancies in AI and hence no guarantees were ever given to these people,\" he said.The cargo workers held demonstrations on Tuesday against AI. Borkar, said, \"We are planning bigger action that will be declared on October 11.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16745234", "title": "Cable TV operators to launch stir", "text": "KANNUR: The Cable TV Operators Association (COA) has threatened to launch a statewide agitation in protest against the steep hike in the rent of KSEB electric posts used by operators to give connections to households.\"The annual rent for an electric post, which was just Rs 17 in 1999, is now Rs 311,\" said COA district secretary Biju Kambrath on Tuesday.\"Moreover, we have to pay this amount in advance. And in case an additional post is required, we have to pay an advance that is three times its rent,\" he said. The board's decision would make the survival of small-time cable TV operators difficult, he added. Though the Kerala high court had issued an interim order against the hike in rent violating norms, the board ignored this. KSEB was also disconnecting the power supply of those operators who protested against the rent hike, the COA alleged. As part of the agitation, the COA will organize district-level campaigns. The association will organize a hunger strike at the Stadium Corner here on Thursday. In the second week of November, the COA will organize two state-level campaigns, followed by a secretariat march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747111", "title": "Bus, auto driver tiff causes over 1-hear jam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Passengers travelling in local CTU buses, besides other commuters faced a lot of inconvenience as they were stuck in traffic jam for over an hour at the dividing road of sectors 35 and 36 on Tuesday. Perturbed over the assault of a CTU bus driver Missa Singh by auto driver Bhupinder Singh and his associates, CTU drivers brought traffic on this road to a halt, demanding arrest of auto driver.The incident took place at around 8.35am. Traffic eased only after a struggle of over an hour when senior police officials including traffic officials rushed to the spot. Police have recorded the statements of Bhupinder and Missa Singh, and registered a DDR at the Sector 36 police station. Earlier, auto driver Bhupinder stopped the CTU bus near the small roundabout by parking his auto in front of the bus on the dividing road between sectors 35 and 36, alleging that the Missa Singh had hit his auto from behind near Kisan Bhawan roundabout in Sector 36.Gurvinder Singh, an eyewitness and a passenger in Missa Singh's bus said, \"As Missa alighted from the bus, the auto driver and his associates hit him with a blunt weapon and also kicked him.\" Missa's uniform too was torn in the assault. When some passing CTU bus drivers noticed their fellow driver being thrashed, they stopped the buses, leading to a traffic jam. Meanwhile, auto driver Bhupinder too was thrashed by CTU drivers. Both the injured were taken to GMH-16. In his complaint to the police, Bhupinder alleged Missa had hit his auto and was escaping when he was stopped by him but he along with other drivers thrashed him.The president of CTU union, Ranjit Singh Hans, said a meeting had been fixed with police over the issue for Wednesday. Sector-36 SHO Bhupinder Singh, said both the parties had been summoned to join investigations on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16747589", "title": "S Goa lawyers threaten not to represent Kadamba transport corporation staffers", "text": "MARGAO: A day after the Kadamba transport corporation ltd carried out a morcha in Margao demanding the arrest of Margao-based advocate Rajiv Gomes, who they allege assaulted a KTC driver after a road accident involving a KTC bus and a Maruti 800 car driven by Gomes' wife, the South Goa advocates association on Tuesday reacted angrily and condemned the morcha.The association warned of a precedent being set if the Margao police succumbed to the pressure exerted by the morcha, and warned that they would use the 'weapon of law' to retaliate against KTC workers. They were addressing media persons on Tuesday.\"I will file a defamation case against all those KTC workers involved in the morcha. They cannot be allowed to put up banners calling me a 'goonda' and other such tactics that are aimed at tarnishing my image,\" said Gomes.\"The law should take its own course and if the police were to take action against Gomes, they would have on the day of the incident at the appropriate time,\" Radharao Gracias, an advocate, said, while stating that Gomes was more than capable of defending himself. \"They say that they will go on a strike if Gomes is not arrested within 24 hours. We object to such a stand.\"Anacleto Viegas, another advocate, has warned that lawyers would not defend any KTC workers in the future if Gomes was arrested. He spoke of the time when Nuvem MLA Francisco Pacheco slapped a KTC driver in the past and was critical of the rash and negligent driving on the part of the KTC drivers. Viegas added that there should be no difference to any driver and KTC drivers in case of accidents, and that KTC drivers cannot dictate terms. He said that the law had to take its own our course. While advocate Alban Viegas defended Gomes, advocate Mike Mehta said that this was a trivial issue and that the police, advocates and KTC drivers had better things to do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16747069", "title": "Durga Puja: Predicament of an artist", "text": "GUWAHATI: Goddess Durga and her divine entourage are being crafted with dexterity and the enactment of the slaying of Mahisasura cannot be missed by the roving eyes of a visitor but for the artisans of the oldest idol shop in the city, it is the escalating cost and the non-availability of raw materials that are posing a bigger concern.Lakhi Shilpalaya, located in the stretch of the old College Road in Panabazar, barely has a pucca structure, and with its old house and the narrow in-between space required for the artisans, this area churn outs idols for the various Hindu festivals as per the Hindu almanac. For Durga Puja, the artisans housed in the shop are sculpting 30 idols with utmost care and precision.Found in 1924, the shop resembles a small factory that works 24*7 during the festive season. With Durga Puja a few days away, the pressure to put finishing touches to their work is mounting and this has robbed them of their sleep. But with the prices of everything that goes into the making of an idol going through the roof, the completion of the task is becoming difficult. Arranging the straws, bamboo, soil, wood is a mammoth task, and their availability is also becoming scarce. A plain idol comes for Rs 6000 and a bigger size idol can cost you anything between 70,000-80,000.\"Earlier, the raw materials were easily available and that too within a limited budget. But nowadays, even procuring the main ingredient, soil, is becoming a challenge. We have to book at least a year in advance because any further delay can make the procurement difficult. We have to book 10 trucks to ferry the soil which costs about Rs 80000, quite an expensive proposition. We need a special type of soil which is called 'Polash' or river soil, and besides that we need 'Aatha Maati' or sticky soil which is the farm or paddy soil,\" said Chitra Ranjan Pal, the septuagenarian owner of Lakhi Shilpalaya.Another aspect of the change in the structural construction of the idols is the demand for real apparel for idols and ornaments. \"Thirty years ago, we used to make the ornaments and the apparels out of soil but that changed when the demand for real materials grew. We get it from Kolkata and the cost is inclusive of the retail price. This year we have got 40 sets for the decoration,\" added Pal.It was Pal's grandfather who came from Kolkata, and till now has continued with the tradition. Pal and his four sons have been carrying on the tradition. \"We slog for three months to make the idol look exquisitely beautiful and when the truck comes to take them away, we are overwhelmed with emotions. It feels like we are bidding farewell to our daughter.\" sighed Anuranjan Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16747460", "title": "Woman sentenced for killing husband", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: District sessions judge Usha Thakre on Monday convicted accused Vandana Mankar for murder of her husband and sentenced her to life imprisonment. Vandana had killed her husband while he was asleep on July 7 last year.Vandana and her husband Yogesh Mankar (36) lived in Ambedkar ward on bypass road here. Yogesh suspected Vandana of infidelity and thrashed her for the same. Fed up with physical torture, Vandana struck heavily on Yogesh's head, while he was fast asleep early in the morning of July 7. Yogesh died on the spot.PSI RR Pal arrested Vandana and registered an offence under Section 302 of IPC against her. After necessary investigation, he filed charge-sheet before the court. On the basis of substantial evidence and proficient presentation of the case by public prosecutor Sharad Ambatkar, judge Thakre held accused Vandana Mankar guilty of the crime and sentenced her to life imprisonment. Vandana was also slapped with a fine of Rs 5000 and in default, six months imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747426", "title": "Chandrapur-based businessman bail plea rejected", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Tuesday rejected the anticipatory bail plea of Chandrapur-based businessman Asif Lakhani. He was charged with black-marketing of kerosene from his oil refinery. The case was listed before a single-judge bench of Madan Tahaliyani.According to assistant government pleader, Lakhani was absconding and many offences were lodged against him in Chandrapur and Yavatmal in difference cases. The police, in a raid on his oil refinery, had seized a tanker illegally carrying 12,400 litres of kerosene worth Rs2.48 lakh. Three employees were arrested in this connection and they revealed to police that their owner Lakhani had directed them to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16747181", "title": "Himachal BJP MLA Balnatah quits, to join Himachal Lokhit Party", "text": "SHIMLA: In what came as a shocker, BJP MLA from Rohru, Khushi Ram Balnatah, on Tuesday declared that he was severing four-decade-old ties with the party. In choked voice at a press briefing, Balnatah said, \"I am pained to bid adieu to my mentor party and will now contest Kasumpti seat on Himachal Lokhit Party (HLP) ticket and file the nomination on October 16. This decision comes after having suffered exploitation and neglect of party workers, besides corruption.\"He said, \"There is a nexus of corporate houses, government and land mafia operating in the state and nearly 1 lakh bighas of land has been sold to outsiders defying law in name of universities, projects and environment conservation.\" Balnatah declared that he would expose each and everyone involved in corrupt practices in the Dhumal government.Balnatah had managed to win Virbhadra Singh's pocket borough, Rohru constituency, in the bypolls of 2009, where he defeated Congress candidate Manjeet Singh Thakur by 8,473 votes. Balantah, who is considered to be a staunch supporter of BJP stalwart Shanta Kumar said, \"Nor did I ask Shanta, about the resignation from the party neither did he question me.\" Indicating at the chinks with Shanta Kumar, Balnatah said, \"Koi shikwah bhi nahin, koi shikayat bhi nahin, lekin pehli see mohabbat bhi nahin.\"Speaking about the state assembly election scenario, he said, \"BJP and Congress are two sides of the same coin and both are mired in corruption and it is the third front which holds the balance of power and the elections this time are going to be repeat of 1998 when both these parties were dependent upon the third front for power.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16745257", "title": "Air India services rescheduled", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The cancellation of Air India's flights to Dubai and Sharjah on Tuesday led to the protest of passengers at the airport. Air India's Kozhikode-Sharjah flight, which was scheduled to leave the airport on Monday night, and Kozhikode-Dubai flight, which was scheduled to leave at 10am on Tuesday were cancelled due to technical failure.Instead of cancelled flights Air India operated Kozhikode-Dubai flight at 5pm on Tuesday. Kozhikode-Sharjah flight would leave the airport at 4am, on Wednesday. The Kozhikode-Dubai flight scheduled to leave the airport at 10am on Wednesday has been rescheduled to 1.45pm on the same day. The Kozhikode-Sharjah flight scheduled to leave at 8.15pm on Wednesday has been rescheduled to 11.45pm on Wednesday.The Air India regional manager P T G Kutty said the situation would be normal by Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16764717", "title": "Balki\u2019s birthday wish for the Big B unfulfilled", "text": "R Balki's surprise gift to the the Big B\u2014the full hardbound script of their next film \u2014has fallen through.Apparently the original plan was to announce the next Big B venture that would've starred the mega-actor with Sridevi at the Birthday celebrations at the Reliance Mediaworks in Film City on October 10.But the script meant to showcase the Big B's charisma, has fallen through. Balki is now working on a completely different script idea,and as he mysteriously announces, \"It's not a love story. It doesn't address itself to a medical condition. But there will be lots of drama.\"The director has failed to meet his own deadline, because of his wife Gauri Shinde's release.Says Balki, \"I've let myself and Amitji down, for no fault of anybody. The production work on my wife's film English Vinglish was more time-consuming than I thought it would be. I thought I'd be able to complete the script for my next film with Mr Bachchan in time for his 70 th birthday. But that is not happening. I had hoped to surprise him...at least I hoped the script would be a surprise and not a shock to Amitji, ha ha.\"Now Balki has given himself a year-end deadline to finish writing what sources close to Balki describe as \"an even more challenging role for Mr Bachchan than Paa .\"Challenging, because there would be no prosthetics this time to support the performance. Tightlipped to the core Balki finally reveals, \"It's a very dramatic role. But Amitji would have no 'look' in the film. In fact he won't even wear makeup this time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16747015", "title": "Three bodies, skeleton found in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: Three bodies and a skeleton were found at separate places here in the last 24 hours. With no specific clues in the cases, the city police registered them as 'unnatural deaths'.In the first case, on Monday night, some locals found a skeleton in the Narakasur hills and informed the police, who sent it for forensic tests. The gender of the deceased is yet to be ascertained. \"Someone must have killed the person and buried the body in the hills,\" said police.In the second case, the body of one Bhargav Sarma, a BBA student of Gauhati Commerce College, was found on the railway tracks at Maligaon area. However, in this case, a 'suicide note' was recovered. \"We found note which read 'I am sorry Manu'. Some phone numbers were also written on it,\" Maligaon police said.\"Initial investigation reveals that Bhargav was in a relationship with a girl who betrayed him, leading him to commit suicide,\" police added.The body of one Amzad Ali was found by locals near the Barsapara cricket stadium. Police suspect it is a case of murder. Amzad was a resident of city's Dhirenpara area.In the fourth incident, an unidentified body of a woman was found from under the Ulubari flyover on Tuesday. The body was found in a decayed condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16747304", "title": "Now, RJD MP in Coalgate?", "text": "PATNA: Corporate affairs minister in UPA-I and RJD MP Premchand Gupta is the latest politician to figure in the coalgate scam after it came to light that IST Steel and Power Ltd, a company which his two sons, Rajesh and Mayur Gupta own, was also allotted a coal block a month after the UPA-II assumed office in 2009 at Dahegaon in Makarbhokra of Nagpur district of Maharashtra.IST Steel &amp; Power Ltd had no track record of handling coal block and yet it was allotted a major chunk of coal block of 70 million tonnes whereas well established companies like Gujarat Ambuja and Lafarge were allotted only 36 and 25 million tones, respectively. However, his block was cancelled along with other coal by UPA government.Dragging Gupta into the controversy, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi said the favour was done simply because the company is owned by the Gupta's sons. Modi said he has proof to support his charge.\"IST Steel created various layers of companies to hide the identity of Premchand. On examination of Bombay Stock Exchange records, it was found that a Hong Kong firm, Gupta International Investment Company (GIIC), had 49% share in IST Steel. Premchand and his wife Sarla Gupta, besides a foreigner , Cecile, are directors at GIIC, which is also listed in Hong Kong Stock Exchange,\" Modi said.The deputy CM further said that Premchand tried to conceal his identity while submitting the form for getting GIIC listed in Hong Kong Exchange. \"While submitting the form, Premchand put 'NA' in the passport clause but did mention his wife address as 'Indian' in the same clause,\" he said.The documents, which Modi showed to TOI, said Sarla Gupta was a major shareholder in all companies of Gupta group including GIIC, IST Technology Infrastructure Pvt Ltd., Neil Builders Pvt. Ltd., Global Credit Capital Ltd and Eastern India Power and Mining Company Pvt Ltd.\"Sarla has 1,000 shares, Mayur Gupta has 96,000 share and a foreign company Cecile Corporation has 1,20,800 share in GIIC,\" the documents said. Reacting to the allegation, RJD chief Lalu Prasad said, \"Modi is just a stepney of chief minister Nitish Kumar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16747258", "title": "Internet has stumped the stamp collectors", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the world celebrated the world post day, the Ludhianvis who are fond of collecting stamps regretted that the use of stamps was on the verge of extinction, as increasing number of people were using internet and social networking sites to communicate.Narinder Pal Singh Panesar, a resident of New Model Town, who is a renowned philatelist and numismatist said, It is really painful that the use of the stamps has almost ended as people are using internet and the social networking sites. However the commemorative stamps still hold their importance for the philatelists as they keep waiting for such stamps to add to their collection. Every commemorative stamp has a story of the person in whose memory the stamp is released and thus these stamps hold importance till date,He has a rich collection of the stamps and the postal covers that were issued by various international authorities and the Indian government . Over 100 stamps are the ones related to Sikhism. The oldest stamp in this collection is a stamp that belongs to the year 1935 that was released on silver jubilee ceremony of George Vth on golden temple.This collection also includes a stamp issued by Pakistan in the year 2008 on the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev. These stamps have gold, silver, silk, khadi in their making and some of them are perfumed stamps also. But President of Ludhiana Philatelic Club, 70-years old Yashpal Bangia, a retired Public relation officer from postal department, of Rishi Nagar, disagrees with Panesar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745484", "title": "Telangana leaders to go Aruna's way?", "text": "HYDERABAD: With information and public relations (I&PR;) minister D K Aruna leading a Congress delegation from Mahbubnagar district to Delhi to press for the separate T state, the other ministers from the region are now planning to follow suit.According to sources, many of the Telangana ministers are planning to go to Delhi in the third week of October. Backward classes welfare minister Basavaraju Saraiah on Tuesday said some Telangana leaders will also follow Aruna and go to Delhi to meet the senior leaders of the party on the T-issue. \"However, we will not go individually. We, the ministers from Telangana, will go as a team,\" he told the media at the Secretariat.According to Saraiah, the ministers will first meet PM Manmohan Singh in Hyderabad at the end of this week. Later, they will go to Delhi along with other leaders from the region. \"We are planning to stay In Delhi for 3-4 days to meet all the leaders,\" he said.Meanwhile, AICC general secretary Oscar Fernandes made it clear to a Congress delegation from Mahbubnagar district led by Aruna on Tuesday that the Centre alone can announce a decision on separate T. \"A decision on the Telangana state or otherwise will be announced by the Union government alone,\" he saidOn Tuesday afternoon, he received a delegation consisting of 21 MLAs, MLCs, former MPs and other seniors from the district who met him to represent the situation in the region and in Mahbubnagar, especially after the successful T march. Fernandes said TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao spoke to him on the issue and said that he had conveyed the same to party president Sonia Gandhi .Fernandes assured the team that he would convey the sentiments expressed by the Mahbubnagar leader to the party high command. The delegation also met AICC treasurer Motilal Vora and senior leader Vayalar Ravi.\"All leaders we met agreed with our view on the need to take a decision on the separate state issue as early as possible. So, we are hopeful of an announcement in the near future,\" Aruna told the media after the meetings.The team is expected to meet AICC general secretary and in charge of AP affairs Ghulam Nabi Azad , Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel and other core committee members such as home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and defence minister AK Antony on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745785", "title": "AIIMS to raise rent &amp; food prices for private wards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Be prepared to pay extra money if you want to get admitted to All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS). The premier medical institute and hospital has decided to increase room rent and diet charges for private ward patients.According to a circular issued on Tuesday by hospital medical superintendent Dr D K Sharma, deluxe ward patients will have to pay Rs 3,000 a day instead of the Rs 1,800 charged earlier. Those seeking admission to semi-deluxe rooms will have to pay Rs 2,000 a day as against Rs 1200. The revised charge will come into effect from October 15.\"For food, patients will have to fork out Rs 200 daily,\" said a senior official. Furthermore, all patients will to submit advance payment for 10 days for booking a ward, which could range from Rs 22,000 for semi-deluxe ward to Rs 32,000 for deluxe ward. \"The proposal for increasing rents was discussed in the standing finance committee meeting held in 2010 and approved subsequently by the governing body,\" added the official.In all, there are 160 rooms in the private ward. \"What is the basis for this sudden revision in charges based on a proposal floated two years back? Till recently, the institute was planning to demolish its old private ward citing lack of space among other reasons,\" said a senior doctor.He added, \"In 2010, all departments were issued a circular on the determination of user charges. It sought the list of all procedures for fixing user charges and market rates for such procedures in comparable private facilities, details of the manpower involved, including specialists, surgeons, doctors, nurses and other paramedical staff along with their salaries. This was demanded so that the costs can be co-related with the procedures and the estimated monthly and yearly case load of various procedures for which user charges are to be fixed. The idea was shot down and opposed vehemently by the Union health ministry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16747099", "title": "Construction of railway underbridge to begin in November", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: As a perfect puja gift to the denizens of the Jugsalai municipal area, the railways has announced construction work of the much-awaited railway under bridge near Tata Pigment company gate from November 2012.Local MP Dr Ajay Kumar , who claimed that he had to put in much effort to convince the railway board officials about the need of the under bridge, said, \"The ministry has assured me of commencing the construction work from November. Tenders inviting firms for the same will be out soon.\"Tenders, for inviting engineering firms, will be floated on November 23 and subsequently the contractual firms will be finalized in the next one week. Thereafter, the construction work will start. The construction work of Rs 5.70 crore under bridge will take over three months to complete. An engineering official in the Tatanagar railway section said, \"If things go according to plan then probably by the end of the current financial year (March 31 2013) the new under bridge will be in place.\"About 1.5 lakh residents of the Jugsalai and Baghbera municipal area have been facing trouble in travelling to the city, a distance of about few kilometers, for the last several decades owing to the absence of an under bridge.Manjeet Singh , a local resident who runs a shop near the level crossing, said, \"The under bridge will largely lessen the need for using the level crossing and will certainly help us in preventing fatal accidents which we have been witnessing over the years.\"Several fatal accidents have occurred at the level crossing in the past years as people, in a hurry, tend to walk over the level crossing without paying attention to the approaching trains. Over two dozen trains including passenger and goods trains run on the tracks near the level crossing round the clock, each day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747569", "title": "Lankan held with gold biscuits at Bengaluru International Airport", "text": "BANGALORE: A 65-year-old Sri Lankan passport holder was caught with 1.17 kg of gold biscuits, worth Rs 50 lakh, stashed away in his rectum.Mohammad Hassan Nizamuddin was boarding a Dubai-bound flight at Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) on Tuesday evening.Based on a tip-off , customs commissioner Sandeep Prakash gave instructions to detain Mohammed Hassan Nizamuddin before he boarded the aircraft around 4pm.He had to be administered laxatives to help officials retrieve 15 gold biscuits worth Rs 50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16747467", "title": "Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve to reserve 2 entries per day for buyers of book", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The buy a book get priority entry scheme being floated by Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) is all set to take off with the arrival of 400 books provided the Supreme Court lifts its ban on tourism in reserves.TOI had reported about the scheme in which a tourist buying the book titled 'Wild Maharashtra' (priced at Rs2950) gets priority entry into the reserve. Shaken by the exposure, forest authorities have slightly altered their plans. Instead of offering entry on priority basis, they have now decided to keep two entries per day reserved for those who buy the books.Field director and CCF, TATR, Virendra Tiwari said, \"No one will get priority, but instead two entries per day will be reserved specially for those who purchase the book.\"The minutes of the meeting of the governing body of TATR Tiger Conservation Foundation, where the decision was taken, clearly mentions about giving priority entry to the tourists who purchase the book.In yet another step to boost the book's sale, authorities have decided to offer 50% concession. \"The book will be sold for Rs1450, as against its cover price of Rs2950. The sum earned by the tiger foundation from the sale of books will be utilized to implement eco development projects in the villages surrounding the reserve,\" Tiwari said.Meanwhile, sources said that similar 'offer' is likely to come up for tourists in Pench and Melghat tiger reserves as well. Both the reserves are learnt to have got a sale target of 300 copies of the book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745363", "title": "\u2018Need for gender plan of action\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though women play a major role in conservation of the eco-system, they are worst affected by the conflict between development and conservation which is why there is an urgent need to come up with a gender plan of action to ensure gender mainstreaming in conservation of biodiversity.This was the crux of deliberations at a session on 'Women in Biodiversity: Reframing Conservation Debates' with particular focus on coastal and marine issues on Tuesday as part of which the plight of fisherwomen in coastal Odisha was highlighted by fisherwoman Chittiamma Buguru, who is advisor to the Odisha-based Samudram Women's Federation.Talking about the marginalisation of women in the fisheries sector, Pradeep Chatterjee, secretary of the National Fishworkers' Forum said that despite their contribution women fish workers get negligible support from government policies as they have no voice. \"Over 48% of fish workers are women, more than 73% of those involved in fish marketing are women and over 75% of the fish curing and processing work is done by fisherwomen, yet they get negligible support from government and have hardly any representation in governing bodies to make their voice heard. All the benefits of government policies are cornered by men,\" Chatterjee said.Chandrika Sharma, executive secretary, International Collective in Support of Fishworkers (ICSF), pointed out the irony of the poor, particularly women, being the worst affected by development and conservation though they play a key role in conservation efforts and emphasized the need to empower them in the larger interests of biodiversity.\"They are caught in the pincer of development and conservation. Their activities are being curtailed by government policies banning fishing in protected areas while on the other hand ports and power plants are coming up in close vicinity of protected areas,\" she said adding that there was a need to keep in mind the power local communities can play in governing resources as they have been there for generations and know the eco-system best to protect it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16746556", "title": "Tomato can cut risk of stroke by 50%: Study", "text": "LONDON: Eating tomato and tomato-based food rich in antioxidant lycopene can halve the risk of stroke, a research has said.Finland researchers found that people with the highest amounts of lycopene in their blood were 55% less likely to have a stroke than people with lowest amounts of lycopene in their blood. The study involved 1,031 men between the ages of 46 and 65.The level of lycopene in their blood was tested at the start of the study and they were followed for 12 years. During that time, 67 men had a stroke. Among the men with the lowest levels of lycopene, 25 of 258 men had a stroke.Among those with the highest levels of lycopene, 11 of 259 men had a stroke. When researchers looked at just strokes due to blood clots, the results were even stronger. Those with the highest levels of lycopene were 59% less likely to have a stroke than those with the lowest levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745824", "title": "Dowry-related violence on rise", "text": "MUMBAI: Over the last five years, Mumbai police have registered at least one dowry-related case every day that led to nearly 146 deaths, classified under murder, suicide and other homicide like wife-burning. From 2008 to 2012 (till September 30), 243 cases of abetment to suicide and 1,544 mental or physical harassment cases were also recorded.Shockingly, the violence in dowry cases is rising in the city, with the number of murders in such cases touching 10 with three months still to go in the year. In 2011, records showed nine murders. Besides suicide and murder, other dowry-related deaths have reached a count of six already this year. Last year, it was 10.Greed seems to be at the root of many cases because as many as 338 cases of misappropriation of streedhan have been filed from 2008 till September 2012. These cases too seem set for a jump with 60 already filed this year, compared to 68 in 2011.The need for money to fund addiction to liquor and drugs, the lure of matka deals or a weakness for women is often the driver of crimes against spouses in Maharashtra. Social activists say strict control over vice dens can reduce the problem, but often the police turn a blind eye as they are paid regular bribes.The hand maiden of dowry-related cases is domestic violence. An act of cruelty against a woman by her husband or in-laws is recorded every nine minutes in India, says the National Crime Records Bureau. The volume of dowry cases in Mumbai shows even educated, independent women living in a city may not be shielded from domestic abuse.At the same time, the cases are giving rise to debates over whether the women-friendly laws are being misused. \"Any law is capable of being misused and it would be wrong to point at this (anti-dowry) law only. In our patriarchal society, it is important to have special laws for protection of women,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Some disagree. \"Misuse of the dowry and cruelty law is becoming common as women often see this as an option to speed up the lengthy divorce process. The police machinery is used to recover the property left behind while leaving the house,\" said a senior officer attached with an eastern suburb police station.Advocate in cop custody: Some officials acknowledge that even when a woman has committed suicide because of her own emotional issues, sometimes her family will charge the husband and in-laws of driving her to death. \"The main culprit here is section 113A of the Indian Evidence Act, 1872, which stipulates that any harassment of the lady when suicide happened would be treated as abetment. Murder cases, however, are mostly genuine since they are backed by hard evidence,\" said former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh.High court advocate Rajendra Bade, 33, arrested for abetting his wife's suicide, has been remanded in police custody till Wednesday. His father, a retired civic official, was also remanded. Bade's wife, Rupali, 22, committed suicide last week allegedly after being abused for giving birth to a girl and unable to pay dowry.Referring to several injury marks on her body, Rupali's family charged Bade and his relatives had tortured her. Rupali's post-mortem report is awaited.In some dowry-related cases, the police become a part of the vendetta machinery and participate in \"legal terrorism\". \"In many cases, police become arbitrators in divorce settlement and if the family is rich, millions are made in bribes and commissions,\" said an officer.Mumbai: Mumbai police had registered 1,544 dowry-related cases of mental and physical harassment from 2008 to 2012 (till September 30). All these have led to nearly 146 deaths classified under the categories of murders, suicides and other dowry-related deaths and nearly 243 abetment-to-suicide charges. Police have found out that the plain greed marks a large number of cases. The Mumbai police case report showed that there have been 328 cases of misappropriation of streedhan in the last five years.In Maharashtra, due to addiction to vices of liquor, drugs, women and matka, incorrigible husbands very often harass their wives for money. That is the reason why crime against women is quite high. Strict control of vice dens such as hooch joints, matka dens, drugs centre and prostitution areas can reduce the problem, said the experts.The experts said that these are the areas from where police gets safe bribes i.e. haftas which then is distributed all through the hierarchy. One way to reduce the problem is the make the local police officer responsible for any dens and if any such dens flourish then the officer be dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746938", "title": "College of Engineering, Thiruvananthapuram students take CM's policy to new heights", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'The 30 days to Freedom', an online campaign kicked off by three students of College of Engineering, Thiruvananthapuram (CET), to welcome the student entrepreneurship policy announced by chief minister Oommen Chandy took off to new heights on Tuesday.The students of CET gathered in the college campus to hoist a flag as part of the campaign. The flag bore a black portrait of Apple founder Steve Jobs on it. The background of the flag was imprinted with his words 'Why join the navy when you can be a pirate'. The campaign is a collective effort by the students to spread the importance of the new entrepreneurship policy of government.\"If the order comes into effect, it would assure 20% attendance and 4% grace marks. Often we have to refrain from start-ups because we have to compromise on our attendance. Once the new policy comes into effect, we will feel more encouraged to begin start-ups,\" said Pejas Kumar, a final year civil engineering student of CET.It was Pejas, along with his friends Sharan Thampi and George Jacob, who initiated the campaign. It all began with a Facebook page. In a matter of days, the page got 3,000 likes. In the meantime, the trio formed campaign cells in other colleges.\"It's a kind of chain reaction. We have opened cells so far in 89 colleges. We want to make sure that the CM keeps his promise and brings out a government order. We also spread the message as to how great ideas have to be coupled with enormous hardwork in materializing start-ups,\" added Pejas. In the coming days, the members of the campaign will hoist the flag in other college campuses too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16747169", "title": "Milk powder worth Rs 240 crore sold in state", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala consumes milk powder worth Rs 240 crore annually, say industry experts. \"The state is consuming 1,200 tonnes of powder worth Rs 20 crore every month and Amul tops the list,\" said Babu Kunnoth, treasurer of All-Kerala Distributors' Association.\"The milk powder market is divided between branded products and unbranded players. Amul, Nestle, Britannia, Aavin and Nandini are the major brands other than unbranded products that come from Hyderabad, and Thambaram and Erode in Tamil Nadu,\" Babu said.\"North Kerala consumes 60% - 70% of the total powder sold in Kerala,\" observed Divin Davis, a former employee with one of the major brands. \"Families are increasingly buying milk powder and even using them during celebrations such as marriage,\" said Kunnoth.\"During the Onam season, there was a sudden spurt in consumption- almost a 20% increase,\" said Davis. The consumption of powder goes up whenever there is a shortage of milk, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745677", "title": "Experts speak up to save railings", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after TOI reported the mindless destruction of the centuries-old balustrades lining Red Road, artists and historians said it would rob Kolkata of one of its finest architectural displays.They said it would be difficult to make identical barricades that merge seamlessly with the existing lime-and-stone structures built by the British nearly 200 years ago. Structural and heritage specialists argued that preserving the balustrades would not be difficult and replacing them amounted to a violation of heritage rules. A portion of the heritage railings has, however, already been dismantled and being replaced.Lime-and-stone structures are generally more durable than concrete ones and are easier to preserve, said structural expert Anjan Datta. \"The balustrades could have been conserved. If they are crumbling, it should be explored if they can be renovated with as little replacement as possible. It would be foolish to have railings with an entirely different design, for that will look out of place in the area. The balustrades have existed for centuries and we identify the Esplanade-Victoria Memorial area with them. It would be a pity if they disappear,\" he said.Artist Shuvaprasanna said most new additions or replacements to street furniture in Kolkata have been \"cheap\". Heritage structures like the balustrades in central Kolkata shouldn't be replaced in the name of beautification, he felt. \"But we must also remember that this is a city. Crumbling structures have to repaired and if necessary, replaced. The railings along Calcutta Medical College, for instance, had to be pulled down. I am not aware if the balustrades were beyond repair. But I believe the design should be retained to make sure that the new railings are consistent with the old ones,\" he said.Adding that structures like the balustrades were difficult to replace, for they had existed for centuries and have come to be identified with the city, the painter said more discretion and expert opinion were needed to replace such street furniture. \"The iron railings and posts that we see in Kolkata were imported by the British from Manchester . They are sturdy and look regal. Years have passed, but they still don't look dated. The same can't be said of the iron rod railings that have been installed on some roads recently. They look cheap. It shows we need to be more careful about replacing structures,\" Shuvaprasanna added.Historian and former chairman of Heritage Commission, Barun De, said it would be a shame if the new railings didn't match the existing design. \"First, we need to ensure that we demolish as little as possible in Kolkata. Also, the balustrades need not be tampered with. They are quite all right and shouldn't be replaced or tinkered with in the name of beautification. We can't, however, do without replacing the one that have broken down. But then, expert advice should be taken to ensure that they are consistent with the old balustrades,\" said De.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746862", "title": "40kg ganja seized in Deolali", "text": "NASHIK: The Deolali Camp police confiscated 40 kgs of Ganja after chasing a multi utility vehicle (MUV) in the wee hours of Tuesday. In course of the day, cops nabbed the culprits, who had escaped during the chase in the dark as they deserted the vehicle which contained the drugs. The estimated worth of the seized vehicle and contraband is Rs 10.8 lakh.The accused have been identified as Sunny Suresh Kasbe (22) and Anna Ramchand Swami (26), both residents of Pune.Police inspector A T Pawar of the Deolali Camp police station said, a team comprising two constables, two police naiks and a driver were patrolling their area early on Tuesday morning when they turned suspicious over the movement of an Innova near the Bhagur bus stand.When the police asked the MUV driver to stop the vehicle, he tried to speed towards Lam Road. which led the team to begins its chase with the MUV. After following it for a distance of nearly six to seven km, they managed to intercept the vehicle near check naka no. 6 on Lam Road.However, the persons inside the vehicle, alighted and managed to escape in the cover of darkness. They were nabbed later in the day by police after the latter received a tip off that the suspects were spotted near Panchavati Stand.A trap was subsequently laid which led to two arrests. Pawar said that while one of the suspects, Anna Swami, was a porter at the vegetable market in Vashi, the other suspect, Sunny Kasbe, was a driver. The two had come to Nashik to pick up the Ganja packets from Bhagur Railway Line and were headed back to Mumbai.The Deolali police are also investigating the source of the drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16747265", "title": "Ludhiana's blockbuster celebration", "text": "As Big B turns 70 this October 11, fans of the legendary actor are all set to celebrate his birthday with zest. And each one has his own way of expressing their love for the superstar. Ajay Shahi, 53, a dentist and resdinet of Dugri, Phase I, is proud of his French cut beard as it was praised by none other than the legendary actor himself at a dental conference that he attended in 1981.He had come along with his father Harivansh Rai Bachan and wife Jaya. I had kept the French cut beard for the first time and when we met him, he praised my beard and said that I should keep it. Since then I have been sporting it and often laugh with my friends saying that Bachchan took inspiration from me to grow a French-cut beard, said Shahi.While saying that he has a rich collection of Bachchans movies and songs Shahi said, I would be celebrating Big Bs birthday in my usual style by toasting and listening to his songs with my friends. And yes, we would be shaking a leg too. While saying that Amitabh is the only actor, who has a fan following across age groups, the doctor said, Even my friend from Pakistan, Maryam Tippu from Sialkot, who is a dental instrument manufacturer, would be celebrating the occasion with his friends there.Much like Shahi, Ashok Kumar , 24, has also been in awe of Bachchan since his childhood. Kumar, has made over a dozen portraits of Bachchan, which have been much appreciated by his friends and family. Earlier, I used to look at his pictures to make his portraits but now I can make his portrait without even looking at any picture of his. He is my God and I worship him. I have even written his name on a rice grain and made a portrait of his on another grain of rice, he revealed. And he wants to ready a website devoted to Bachchan, with the portraits that he has made of the actor uploaded by his birthday.Agam, 15, a young fan of Bachchan, who is a resident of Udham Singh Nagar loves the actors body language and his style of dancing. I want to do my CA and then I would want to be an actor and Bachchan has been my inspiration. My friends and my family quite enjoy my dance on his numbers like Sara zamana haseeno ka deewana. They also love my moves when I dance to Pag ghungru bandh meera nachi thi, complete with ghungrus. He added, I would be entertaining my friends and family by performing on these numbers on his birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745680", "title": "Three years on, film lab revival still a 'plan'", "text": "KOLKATA: Work is yet to begin on reconstructing the Rupayan film laboratory, the state's first colour film lab set up in 1986. Three years back, the then Left Front government planned to revive the lab in Salt Lake Sector V, which slowly turned into a sick unit. But nothing has yet been done.A senior official of the state film directorate claimed that the project was on. \"Planning is under way,\" said the official, but could not specify the time frame for the project.The decision to revive the lab was taken by the Left Front government, which wanted to hand it over to a private firm. The privatization plan was shelved following widespread protests from different quarters. The Bidhannagar Town Trinamool Congress had held an agitation in protest against privatizing the lab.Then it was planned that the studio would be revamped through the public private partnership (PPP) route. Work was supposed to start in 2009, but got delayed due to administrative reasons. A reputable agency was appointed as the consultants for the project. According to plans, the studio will have modern and advanced digital recording facilities along with editing and other post-production facilities.The lab was set up under the West Bengal Film Development Corporation to provide post-production facilities to filmmakers from Kolkata who had to then go to other cities to edit their films. However, after a few years, the studio started incurring losses as private colour film labs started mushrooming. According to rough estimates, in the seven or eight years towards its end, the studio incurred losses of more than Rs 20 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16748462", "title": "Kalpana Lajmi under attack from Hazarika Jr", "text": "Ever since Bhupen-da passed away, his son Tej has been questioning the filmmaker's place in his late father's life and allegedly insinuating she has been misusing his nameSince the demise of Assamese musical legend Bhupen Hazarika, his companion of over 30 years Kalpana Lajmi has been under attack from the late maestro's son Tej Hazarika. Tej has been questioning Lajmi's place in his father's life and allegedly insinuating she has been misusing his name and funds.Without mincing words, Lajmi told TOI, \"Tej has not only made veiled and direct accusations against me but also against all eminent members of the Bhupen Hazarika Cultural Trust that was formed by Bhupen himself ten years ago.\"Thefilmmakeraddedwryly,\"Sixty three year old Tej lives in New York . Bhupen hadn't seen his estranged son since childhood. It's a tragedy that a great soul like Bhupen never got any love or support from his only son during his lifetime. And now after his death, the very same son makes blasphemous accusations thatreekofgreed,therebytarnishing his greatly revered father's legendary stature.\"To add to Lajmi's woes, a new biography on the legendary musician titled Undying Maestro by Syed Zarir Husain lays bare the conflict between his family and the filmmaker. It even hints Lajmi tampered with Hazarika's will to her own advantage. Regretting that the ongoing battle between Tej and her should be part of what she calls a coffee table book, Lajmi said, \"I suppose all authors have the right to self-expression. I am glad the so-called battle is out in the public domain. Let Bhupen's fans and admirers decide who is right and who is wrong.\"Shruggingoffallegationsmadein the biography that she manipulated Hazarika's will, Lajmi simply said, \"The matter is being probed in the Guwahati court. Let the law decide.\" Unruffled, Lajmi will continue to pursue her dream of immortalising her mentor's work.\"The Bhupen Hazarika Cultural Trust will continue its endeavour. I will continue to urge the Assam government to build a Samadhi and a museum in his memory. Those who genuinely care for Bhupen's name and reputation should work toward furthering his cause rather than indulging in petty squabbles,\"said the filmmaker.Attempts to reach Tej failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16745840", "title": "Cab driver\u2019s suicide: Four held in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Police have arrested four people in the suicide case of the cab driver who was reeling under immense financial burden. The arrested people are employees of the cab company for which the deceased worked. Cops said they arrested the employees whose names were mentioned in the suicide note. If the cab company is found guilty a case will be filed against it, police said.Delhi-based 31-year-old cabbie Manoj Jha had allegedly killed himself by hanging from a tree in Sector 42 in Noida after failing to meet household expenses or pay loan instalments of his cab due to runaway prices. The arrested people have been identified as Sachin Chauhan, Vipin Jha, Irfaan and Jitender Singh who live in different parts of Delhi.The deceased was allegedly harassed by the employees of the Mera cab company. He took the extreme step as he was finding difficult to pay loan instalments and meet his daily household expenses,\" said SP (City) Yogesh Singh. An FIR has been registered against the four employees under Section 306 (abetment to suicide) of IPC.Singh said that they are probing the role of the company as its policies may have bound the employees to recover the dues from the deceased by 'hook or crook'. \"We also cannot rule out that the employees may have been building pressure on the deceased on their own,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16746559", "title": "Stonehenge may have been a prehistoric art gallery", "text": "LONDON: A detailed laser-scan survey of Stonehenge has discovered 72 previously unknown Early Bronze Age carvings chipped into five of the giant stones, suggesting that the monument was possibly a substantial prehistoric art gallery.Although now largely invisible to the naked eye, back in the Early Bronze Age the images, composed of then-unweathered (and therefore lighter coloured) stone would have been clearly visible, the Independent reported. The laser-scan survey was carried out for English Heritage by a Derby-based survey company - the Greenhatch Group - last year.A subsidiary of York Archaeological Trust - ArcHeritage, also operating on behalf of English Heritage - then spent many months analysing and cataloguing the vast quantities of data. Detailed analysis of that data found that images had been engraved on the stones, normally by removing the top 1-3 millimetres of weathered (darker coloured) rock, to produce different sized shapes. Of the 72 newly discovered images revealed through the data analysis, 71 portray Bronze Age axe-heads and one portrays a Bronze Age dagger. The revelations are likely to be of huge importance to archaeologists' understanding of a key part of Stonehenge's life as a prehistoric temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746608", "title": "Love all: Now, babus, netas to sweat it out on tennis courts", "text": "JAIPUR: This will be a different ball game for the ministers, bureaucrats and top cops of Rajasthan when they take on each other on lawn tennis courts. For the first time in the country, public service officers and council of ministers will be pitted against each other for a sports title.The department of personnel and Jaipur collectorate are organising a three-day 'Chief Secretary Challenger Cup State Lawn Tennis Tournament' from November 2 to 4. The fixture will witness 24 male and 12 female players, fighting in singles, doubles and mix doubles events. Winners of the tournament will then represent the Rajasthan state in the all India civil service tournament held every year.\"The inter-cadre and ministerial tournament is an attempt to bring the bureaucrats, police officials and ministers together at one platform and promote sports. Civil servants also have life beyond work and meetings. The tournament will provide an opportunity to showcase their hidden sports talent of the officers and policymakers,\" said member of organising committee.State will also organise the first inter-division civil service tournament in the country. From lower division clerks to divisional commissioners are sweating it in badminton, basketball, tennis courts in the hope that the DoP and collectorate may consider an inter-cadre competition.The forest officers, cops and bureaucrats are not taking the clash lightly. Participants have started preparing for the big day. An IAS officer who is a regular at SMS stadium admits, \"I am working hard and not taking the tournament easy. We have a few good players both in IAS and IPS cadres who were champions in their colleges and universities.\"However, before getting an opportunity to show off their tennis talent on filed, all the service members are having a taste of bureaucratic functioning. The selection process involves approvals at various levels. Four male and two female participants from the council of ministers, IAS, IPS, IFS, RAS and RPS can participate in the tournament. But each participant has to send their entries to the departmental head for approval with an exception for ministers.Entries of IAS and RAS will route through principal secretary, department of personnel. IPS and RPS officers will be screened by the additional chief secretary - home and players from IFS cadres will be approved by the additional chief secretary, forest.The tournament will held at government Poddar Senior Secondary School and chief minister Ashok Gehlot is likely to inaugurate the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16746500", "title": "A mud pack makeover set to give Sonar Fort a fresh glow", "text": "JAISALMER: The historic Sonar Fort is getting a makeover, complete with multani mitti and even cow dung. The mud and dung will be used to remove filth from walls and stop seepage of water into the fort's foundation.On the suggestions of Archeological Survey of India (ASI) experts, work has started with help of the local municipal body. Around 20 feet of the fort area was dug up and cleaned as part of a trial run and the multani mitti and cow dung paste will now be used to treat the walls.The head of ASI Rajasthan, Vasant Swarnakar, said that residents of the fort throw garbage on the hill and trash thrown for decades has added to the weight on the hill, proving dangerous to the fort. The garbage stops the flow of rainwater, which seeps in to the foundation.ASI experts came up with the plan to apply the multani paste on the entire hill. As the paste dries up, garbage and water will stick to it. This will stop the seepage.Sonar Fort, whose brilliant architecture has been captured by many a filmmakers including Satyajit Ray, is set to glow all again after a makeover planned by the local municipal body. Among other ingredients, the makeover will include cow dung and multani mitti.District collector Shuchi Tyagi said that a few days ago ASI experts visited Sonar Fort and expressed concern over the garbage thrown on the hill. If the trial run as per their plan is successful, the paste would be applied on the entire hill.Tyagi said that the left side of Akhe Pole of the fort has been cleaned. In this 20-foot area alone, around three truckloads of garbage was removed.On the other hand, the delay in changing the sewerage line inside the fort continues, as the result of which sewage water is entering the foundation of the fort. Earlier, no contractor was ready to change the line. But now, after getting the tenders, the entire incident is reportedly pending at the state government level.To change the sewer line, the state government has made RUIDP the agency. RUIDP officer Mahendra Kumar Bhati said the Rs 4.42 crore project has been sent to the state government for negotiations. We have got approval for this work. The file has been sent to the ministry for sanction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745383", "title": "Countries split over bio budget", "text": "HYDERABAD: Should countries earmark a budget for biodiversity? The Day 2 of the international conference on biological diversity (CoP-11) opened in the city on Tuesday with member countries debating over setting of national targets for expenditure on biodiversity. While developed countries participating in the deliberations managed to reach a consensus on the issue, developing countries maintained it was too premature to set budgets for conservation of biodiversity. The issue of finance mobilization is at the core of this chapter of CoP that aims at stressing the need to implement the 'Aichi' targets (revolving around arresting the loss of biodiversity) by 2020. According to rough estimates of the CBD, a fund of over $300 billion per annum is required for absolute implementation of these targets.\"But this is a higher level estimate. Deliberations are still on to decide what level of financing (low or high) is required and should be adopted,\" said David Ainsworth, information officer and spokesperson of the Secretariat of the CBD.While Tuesday's discussion on resource mobilization was held at the working group level, there is a possibility that the issue will be taken over by a contact group on Wednesday during which countries opposed to the proposal can express their reviews and recommendations, if any. Their views will be later presented at the CoP. Deliberations are referred to the contact group when working groups fail to reach a consensus.A second contact group is also likely to be set up to discuss the issue of financial mechanism to raise resources, Ainsworth said. Talks on this too failed to reach a consensus on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16744970", "title": "Goel hits back, seeks apology from Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: It took BJP leader Vijay Goel an entire day to gather his wits. After being outwitted by India Against Corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal at a protest outside DERC on Monday, he demanded a public apology from the latter at a press conference on Tuesday.Goel, who had on Monday welcomed Kejriwal to the stage, was livid. \"The BJP has always opposed the hike in power tariff. We have held demonstrations in all parts of Delhi. We held a protest in which 2,000 RWAs participated....Who is Kejriwal to ask us what we have done in the past three years? He has entered the protests just three days back and restored two power connections and he thinks he is leading the movement,\" said Goel, who was later joined by Delhi BJP state president Vijender Gupta and former BJP MLA Nand Kishore Garg.Kejriwal had spoken against the party from the dais and asked what had the Opposition done to check the \"wrongdoings\" of the Sheila Dikshit government in Delhi. The BJP on Tuesday hit back saying that Kejriwal had no option but to indulge in this finger-pointing because of his \"high political ambitions\".Meanwhile, Malviya Nagar police registered an FIR against Goel and other BJP activists for voluntarily obstructing a public servant in the discharge of his public function and destruction of public property. On Monday Goel, along with his followers had kept DERC chairman P D Sudhakar hostage in a small room for more than an hour. They had also vandalized DERC office property.Earlier in the day, Gupta came out with the old tariff order passed by the then DERC chief, Birjender Singh, wherein he had suggested reduction in tariff. \"Based on these documents, on October 13 we will file an FIR against chief minister Sheila Dikshit and officials of DERC and the discoms for conspiring to increase power tariff. We are preparing the complaint,\" he said.Gupta also slammed Kejriwal who had accused the BJP of sitting over the \"controversial power tariff\" issue and not making it public. \"We have an RTI to prove that the documents came to us only in the last week of September. Kejriwal has no business to accuse us,\" he added.CM Sheila Dikshit refused to comment on the politicization of the tariff issue. \"All I know is that my government gives 24X7 power supply to the people of Delhi. My aim is to see Delhi progressing,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16745073", "title": "Winning Australian Open my next goal, says Andy Murray", "text": "SHANGHAI: Newly-crowned US Open champion Andy Murray was asked what question was most thrust on him now by the media, given that he had won a Grand Slam and with it forever shut the door on queries of winning his first major.The 25-year-old, the number three seed at the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000, dead-panned. He had heard that question before.\"It's actually pretty much the same question,\" he pointed out. \"I've been asked what it's like not to be asked that question (about winning a Grand Slam) anymore. I've been asked that every time I did any media.I'm sure in a few months that too will get old! Earlier, when I hadn't won a Grand Slam, it was sometimes hard not to just focus on that all the time. You know, it was always in my head to a certain extent. I'm glad it's done now.\"The next big target for Murray is the opening Grand Slam of 2013, the Australian Open. \"I would say Melbourne is more of a long-term goal right now,\" he said.\"There are a few tournaments between now and the end of the year where I'd like to do well. I think getting to No. 1 in the world, that's more a reward for playing good tennis throughout the season, in every tournament you play.You need to focus more on the process and not so much on just No. 1.\"\"I'll try to do as well as I can between now and the end of the year. If I do that, there's a chance that I would get to No. 1 next year. It's tough to achieve because of what the guys ahead of me are doing every single week.But to get to No. 1, you need to win Grand Slams. The Australian Open is my target,\" he said.Murray said success hadn't changed him. \"I hope it hasn't changed me in any way. I hope it gives me more confidence when I'm on the court. I felt, yeah, a lot of relief. It was a big weight off my back at the time.So, you know, getting on the practice court, getting in the gym and stuff, has become a bit easier probably,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16749648", "title": "DUSU executive council election on October 15", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's office of the chief election officer has released the list of nominations for the executive council of the Delhi University Students' Union. Tuesday was the last date for filing of nomination papers and withdrawals will be accepted till October 10.The nomination papers of a total of 22 candidates have been accepted by the election office but the final list will be declared, after withdrawals, on Wednesday. Letter of withdrawal has to be handed over \"in person\" as the press statement says, and at the time of submission, the withdrawing candidate should be able to produce his/her identity card issued by the college.The election itself is on Monday, October 15, from 10 am. to 12:30 pm at the Conference Centre. Counting of votes, in this case, will begin immediately after polling.There are a total of eleven posts in the executive council of DUSU. Members are elected from among the members of the central council. Two of the 11 seats have to go to women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16747455", "title": "Gang of threejuvenile thieves in police net", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The detective branch of Durgapur police station busted a gang of juveniles in conflict with law for housebreaking on Monday evening. What surprised the cops most was all the three accused are school-going students and the youngest member of the gang is mere 12-year-old.Cops have seized the burgled booty worth Rs1.88 lakh from their possession. Investigation revealed that these students took up stealing for merry-making. The accused juveniles were produced before the children's court on Tuesday afternoon. The court has sent them to remand home for 15 days, cops said.The house of Santosh Dahegaonkar in WCL Shaktinagar Colony in Durgapur was burgled a couple of days back when his family was out of station. Immediately after the complaint was lodged, cops alerted their informers and soon came a tip-off. The gang of three juvenile students studying in standard IX, VIII and VI in local school were arrest for the housebreaking.\"The eldest of the gang is 16-year-old while other two are 15 and 12 years old. They targeted the locked house. They broke a rod of the window of the house and the smallest of them crept inside from the slim gap. He then opened the back door from inside for other members and they decamped with 8.5 tola gold and a mobile phone collectively worth Rs1.88 lakh,\" said investigation officer API Ramesh Solapure.Investigations revealed that all the three students belong to Durgapur and were found of eating Chinese fast-food and watching movies in theatre. They moved around the locality looking for locked houses and targeted them while none is around, Solopure said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16745498", "title": "Series of blasts rock Pharma City", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: People of Tadi village and workers at the pharma units panicked and ran helter skelter when a series of blasts took place at one of the pharma units in Jawaharlal Nehru Pharma City in Parawada, on Monday night. The series of explosions of chemical tanks in Auctus Pharma Limited, a leading bulk drug manufacturing industry, triggered panic in and around Pharma City and Tadi village for almost three and half hours before the fire tenders doused the fire. No loss of life was reported.The blasts exposed the lack of safety precautions and measures in the pharma units. The blasts shattered many window panes of not only Auctus but also the neighbouring plants. Four to six tanks of waste solvents and two diesel drums exploded and the generator gutted in fire. The cables of production block-II and the panel boards were also destroyed. According to sources, the damage of property was estimated at Rs 2 crore. Soon after the mishap, angry villagers staged a protest in front of the plant and pelted stones. They demanded the government to close the pharma units or relocate their village.The incident came to light in the wee hours of Tuesday. \"We don't know what happened in the middle of the night. We heard big sounds and ran into the darkness to save ourselves. We have already informed authorities about the pollution and the threat of the hazardous chemicals to the villagers. We have been demanding from the district authorities that they should relocate our village, but nothing has happened,\" a housewife, M Lakshmi said.According to G Subba Rao, general manager of Auctus pharma unit, the mishap happened due to a short circuit. APIIC officials visited the plant and assured the villagers that they would take necessary action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747423", "title": "Depression has no age", "text": "BANGALORE: Techie Shantanu Pradhan (name changed ), 33, is under treatment for prolonged depression. Reason : He could not complete two crucial assignments in time, leaving his company in the red. Pankti (name changed ), 3, from an upper middle class family too is being treated for depression. She had stopped playing with her friends for over three months . Her parents ignored changes in her behaviour until her play home teachers sent them a note. Pankti told her psychiatrist that she was \"sad because of constant fights between her parents\".Shantanu and Pankti are just two of thousands of people suffering from depression , a mental disorder with consequences like suicidal death. Singer Asha Bhonsle's daughter Varsha who committed suicide in her Mumbai residence on Monday was being treated for depression.There are no specific studies in India quantifying the incidence of depression but experts put it at 2 to 15 per 100. A random study conducted by an individual in Bangalore in 2007 found that 10% of the city's population suffered from severe depression , while 30 %-40 % was moderately depressed . \"The incidence of depression has increased from 5% to 7% in the past two decades in India,\" said Dr Priya Sreedharan, lecturer, department of psychiatry, St John's Hospital and Medical College.\"A third of our OPD patients suffer from depression. There is no age group to catch depression . We get patients from pre-school age to ones in their late 70s,\" said Dr BN Gangadhar , professor of psychiatry, Nimhans.Children below 10 years of age are unlikely to be diagnosed with depression , given that only 2 in every 1,000 children could be suffering from it, experts said . \"But we do see 2-3 children with depression in a month, whereas we get 4-5 new cases of depressed adults every day ,\" said Dr Ashok MV, assistant professor and consultant child psychiatrist , St John's Hospital .Women are said to be twice more vulnerable to develop depression than men , given their hormonal structure . \"Women during post-pregnancy period or in their menopause go through depression due to hormonal imbalances . Today , a woman has to balance her social and professional life, failing which, she gets into depression ,\" said Dr Priya Sreedharan .The causesDepression can be situational or spontaneous. There also need not be a cause at all. \"Different people have different tendencies. It can be genetic or due to prolonged illness or drug abuse. One must keep in mind that if depression is persistent for more than two weeks, it must be treated as mental illness and the patient given medication,\" said Dr Bhupinder Choudhry, consultant, psychiatrist, Manipal Hospital.The cureDepression can be treated with anti-depressants or alternative therapies like yoga and meditation. \"Anti-depressants are not harmful if used under guidance. Yoga and meditation are found to be useful in curing depression. In extreme cases, patients are administered electroconvulsive therapy,\" said Dr Gangadhar. \"Depression can make a person kill him/herself. Medication does help in curing depression, but the key is to be in the company of someone all the time. No treatment can work in the absence of support and willingness to get cured,\" said Dr Ashok.Many not aware\"Depression is the most common form of mental illness and about 30%-40 % patients in our OPD come seeking treatment. But still a vast majority suffer from this silent killer without being aware that they are depressed,\" said Dr Diwakar Gautham, consultant, neuro-psychiatrist, Narayana Hrudayalaya. \"Mental health illiteracy is phenomenal in India. People are reluctant to say that they suffer from depression. One must remember that depression is not a sign of weakness, but a sign of someone being strong for too long,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16746897", "title": "Now, Gujarat Parivartan Party faces dissent in north Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day after the revolt within the state Congress, it was the turn of the newly-formed Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) to face dissent. About 30 GPP leaders from north Gujarat first rushed to Gandhinagar and then meet their party seniors in Ahmedabad and made representation against the appointment of office-bearers in their region.The leaders first tried to meet GPP president Keshubhai Patel. However, as Patel had not returned from Mahuva, the group rushed to the party office. The regional delegation of rebels met GPP general secretary Gordhan Zadaphia.When questioned, Zadaphia said that there was no revolt within the party. He, however, could not give any reason for the visit of the group of party members from north Gujarat. \"We are going ahead with our yatra beginning from Thursday,\" he said.Other GPP office-bearers also tried to downplay the incident, claiming that the leaders had come to discuss the plan for the ongoing yatra and not make any representation. A senior GPP men said that in north Gujarat, the party had given charge to Lalji Patel, a RSS and Kisan Sangh leader. Lalji Patel had sat on a dharna against chief minister Narendra Modi .The leaders refusing to be quoted claimed that Lalji has appointed his own men as office-bearers and had was also promising tickets to his own men. \"We had sought appointment from Keshubhai but since he was not there, we went to Ahmedabad to make representation,\" said, adding that if GPP top leaders failed to work out a solution, they would be forced to quit the party.Parivartan yatra continuesThe third leg of the Parivartan Sandesh Yatra will begin on Thursday from Gandhinagar. The first public meeting on the route will be held at Kalol. On Thursday, it will pass through Rupal, Kalol, Nandasan, Mehsana, Pipal, Chanasma and Patan.On Friday, the yatra would pass through Sami, Harij, Radhanpur, Vav, Dhanera and end at Deesa. On Saturday, Keshubhai Patel will cover Palanpur, Vadgam, Kheralu and Idar.The next day, the yatra will pass through Jadav, Davda Ilol and end in villages of Himmatnagar. On the last day, the yatra will begin from Himmatnagar and end the day in Gandhinagar after covering Talod, Vadgam and Dehgam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16747582", "title": "Restricted water supply to Bicholim", "text": "There will be restricted water supply to Bicholim and surrounding areas on October 10 due to urgent repair works to be taken up at the Podocem 40 MLD raw water jackwell and valves on the distribution network, states a press note issued by the Alto Porvorim office of the public works department.Closure of Borim bridge on Oct 14: The Borim bridge on NH 17-B will remain closed for all vehicular traffic on October 14, from 6am to 8am, for the purpose of inspection and recording of deck levels.Oral interview: The oral interview of candidates who applied with reference to advertisement/sponsorship by employment exchange for the post of a peon, at the collectorate office in Panaji , has been will be held from October 10 to October 16, from 10am onwards.POWER SHUTDOWNCaranzalem/Taleigao (Oct 10): Between 9am and 2.30pm. Areas to be affected are Syndicate Bank, Auxilium school, Landscape Shire, Kamat Villa, By The Bay, Samarth Residency, Primos Serene, part of Borchem Bhat and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16744989", "title": "Ishant hopes to be back for the England series", "text": "CHENNAI: Here's some good news for India. Paceman Ishant Sharma says he's fit and raring to go in international cricket after underlining his form and fitness in domestic competitions ahead of next month's Test series against visiting England.The 24-year-old Delhi quick played in only his second long-duration game since going under the knife in March, though he was in the Test squad for the two-match series against New Zealand in August.\"I am stronger mentally and physically and am a better bowler now,\" said Ishant, referring to his rehab following the surgery.\"Having dedicated time to myself after the surgery has helped. I have worked quite a lot on my body. I want to continue bowling as much as I can and I wouldn't be compromising on pace,\" he told reporters on Tuesday on the sidelines of the Duleep Trophy, in which his fiery spell of 4-29 from 17 overs destroyed West Zone.\"The injury period was quite tough. I went to National Cricket Academy to train for three months... long sessions, from 10 in the morning to 5 in the evening... It was hard work, but hard work pays off.The effort and the intensity is the same (as before), but I have improved my outswinger and my strength and I am happy with the results,\" he added.Ishant bowled at full clip for North and hurried the batsman on the slow Chepauk track. \"The wickets are always flat in India and one can't complain. But I am mentally and physically much stronger now.My motive was to keeping hitting the right length, keep posing problems to batsmen,\" said Ishant, whose last international appearance was the Adelaide Test in January.\"I have seen my worst period when nobody asked me where I was,\" he said, referring to his long injury lay-off. \"My family and friends helped me through it. Missing the IPL (to undergo surgery) was my decision.Looking back I think it was a good decision,\" Ishant, who has taken 133 wickets in 45 Tests, added.Ishant returned to domestic cricket with the season-opening Irani Cup in Bangalore last month and impressed in the subsequent Challenger Trophy one-dayers at Rajkot.\"I am looking ahead to bowl well in the Duleep Trophy matches and also the first Ranji game. I sure am hopeful of making a comeback during the England series,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747296", "title": "Home-alone woman strangled to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 37-year-old homemaker was strangled to death at her house in the densely-populated KHB Colony, near Kamakshipalya, on Tuesday afternoon.Police suspect that minutes before Sujatha Murugananda was murdered, the suspected killer replied to the call on her mobile phone. They are also not ruling out the possibility of the man having been holed up in the house with the body even as the victim's brother , Sundar, and her domestic help knocked on the door. While the brother went to his home nearby to fetch a spare key, the maid went up to the terrace to pick up clothes that had been spread for drying. Police suspect the killer might have slipped away unnoticed during this time.Sundar opened the door with the spare key and found his sister's body with a nylon rope tightened around her neck. Her hands had been tied and an adhesive tape was stuck on her mouth. \"There was an empty tea cup and a plate with some biscuits. Sujatha probably knew her assailant,\" DCP (west) SN Siddramappa said. Sujatha's husband, printing press entrepreneur Murgananda, was at his workplace and her two children were in school.Earlier at 12.45pm, a call to Sujatha's mobile was picked up by a man, the suspected killer. He said Sujatha had gone out to attend to some relative who had met with an accident. Police did not reveal the caller's identity.Sidramappa said forensic experts have taken fingerprints from the crime scene. Police found intact the jewellery Sujatha was wearing, but they found the almirah in the house ransacked. \"We feel it wasn't done by a stranger. There are tell-tale marks that may lead us to the killer,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16749545", "title": "RTI reveals Goa government has 20 advocates in high court", "text": "PANAJI: RTI information has revealed that the Goa Government has currently 20 advocates appointed in the high court to defend the interests of the state in addition to the public prosecutor and two additional public prosecutors also appointed.This information was obtained by activist Aires Rodrigues under the Right to Information Act from the Law and the Home department.RTI information also revealed that this government has re-appointed the advocates which were sacked by the same government. \"\"Surprisingly government advocate who was sacked by chief minister Manohar Parrikar has been re-appointed to defend the interests of the state after chief minister Parrikar's fresh orders\"\", said Rodrigues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746169", "title": "CM to take part in Jan Satyagraha rally", "text": "BHOPAL: To express solidarity with the landless tribals, who have taken out Jan Satyagraha march between Gwalior and Delhi to highlight their woes, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan will join the march in Agra and walk with them for about 10 km on Wednesday.According to Ekta Parishad, which is leading the march, Chouhan would reach Agra and take part in the Jan Satyagraha by marching with them for around 10 km, its coordinator Jayant Singh Tomar said.\"Chouhan would leave for Agra to express solidarity with those marching to Delhi on the issue of land reforms and right to shelter among other issues,\" official sources confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16747596", "title": "Burglars strike at two houses in Vasco", "text": "VASCO: Two thefts were registered by the Vasco police on Tuesday morning. The incidents occurred during the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday. A loss of around 75,000 was reported.The office of J B Boda Surveyors Pvt Ltd, at SX towers, on Swatantra Path, opposite the MPT hall in Vasco, was burgled by unknown culprits.\"The culprits broke the latch of the main door and decamped with cash of 10,500,\" PSI John Fernandes said. In the second incident, a flat on the first floor of M C Cardoso building at Mangor Hill was looted. No one was in the flat when the burglars struck. \"The culprits took a Laptop and CD player amounting to 60,000,\" PSI Girendra Naik said. The case is registered under IPC Sections, 454, 457, 380.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747495", "title": "Stopping water isn't contempt, say legal experts", "text": "BANGALORE: Tamil Nadu government is approaching the Supreme Court charging the Karnataka government with contempt of court. Does stopping of release of water to Tamil Nadu amount to contempt?The state's counsel, Fali S Nariman, had orally informed the SC on Tuesday that it was not possible to release water. The state government, the opposition leaders and legal experts feel it surely isn't contempt.According to what I know, 13,000 cusecs of water, in excess of the daily commitment of 9,000 cusecs, has been released. In such a case, it fulfils the obligation for another one and a half days. So, it won't be contempt if water is stopped for such time. If it is continued for more than that period, it can be. However, if there is no water to release, it won't amount to contempt,'' explained former advocate general Uday Holla.Former Prime Minister HD Deve Gowda too feels that it won't amount to contempt. The state has followed the court's direction and released 2 lakh 43,000 cusecs of water. So, there is no question of contempt,'' he said.Former advocate general BV Acharya feels there is no question of contempt. The SC hasn't given any written order. So it won't be contempt. The violation of the PM-led CRA directive does not amount to contempt,'' he said.Prof Ravi Verma Kumar, senior lawyer, has a different perspective. He says speaking about the issue itself is contempt. Commenting about an issue, which is sub-judice, surely becomes contempt. TN has decided to file the petition. So only the SC can say whether it is contempt or not. Nobody should pre-judge,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16747679", "title": "Cauvery row halts truck traffic", "text": "COIMBATORE: Nearly a thousand trucks with loads for various parts of the country are stranded close to the Karnataka-Tamil Nadu border due to the ongoing row between the two states over Cauvery water.More than 10,000 trucks ply across the border every day. \"However, following the tension on the border many have stopped services. At least 1,000 trucks with goods worth Rs 500 crore are stranded at Bannari check post near Satyamangalam in Erode district,\" said Chenna Kesavan, treasurer, Tamil Nadu State Lorry Owners Federation.Goods including machineries, motor spare parts, starch, sago, coconut, cement, cloths, turmeric, salt, match boxes, steel rods, steel sheets, banana, eggs, chicken, edible oils, motor spare parts, coal, cotton, cotton threads, bed sheets and footwear transported from manufacturing units in Tamil Nadu to various parts of the country are lying in trucks stranded at various places close to the Karnataka border. Similarly, dhal varieties, cereals, cotton bales, yarn, tiles, onion, garlic, apple, cumin seeds, pepper corns, cloths, rice (from Karnataka) meant for Tamil Nadu and despatched from the northern states have been stuck in trucks parked in Karnataka.According to K R Armugham, president, Coimbatore Lorry Owners Association, truck movement has resumed through Mandaiyur near Sathyamangalam, a route that is at least 40 km longer than the regular road to Bangalore, since the past two days. Daily business worth Rs100 crore has been affected in Coimbatore alone, he added.At least 700 lorries from Coimbatore and Kochi goes to Karnataka and many more passes through that state to Maharashtra, Goa and northern states.The cost of transportation has also gone with transport firms monetising the risks and other uncertainties on the route. Truck owners have hiked the rates by 12% to 15%, said Armugham. This is likely to continue at least until the tension remains. The risk involved in transporting goods worth several lakh or rupees gets added to the cost of transportation. Once the situation calms, the transportation cost will also be reduced, said Arumugham.Though both states are standing firm on their respective positions regarding distribution of water from the Cauvery, the situation is likely to ease once the northeast monsoon sets in. It has already started raining in the catchment areas of the Cauvery in Karnataka and its tributaries in Kerala and Tamil Nadu. If the Cauvery swells in Karnataka or the flow into Mettur Dam rises due to rain in the region, both governments will have more water to provide its farmers. That should help to lower the heat and dust that has been kicked up in both states over the Cauvery water. Truckers too are hoping for an early onset on the monsoon so that peace returns to the trade routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16747619", "title": "Blast from the past: Explosion survivor struggles for medical aid", "text": "JAIPUR: Twenty-year-old Rahul Sharma , resident of the Walled City who was severely injured in serial bomb blasts on May 13, 2008, is still struggling to live a normal life. The government's apathy has left him with no options but to run from pillar to post for medical aid that was promised by the government. His family has lost all hope for Rahul's recovery.The blasts left him in hospital for more than three months. Nearly 38 pellets were lodged in his body and he had undergone 10 operations on his abdomen, chest and limbs. Though, state sponsored all the operations but asked his family to bear the cost of his medicines . This along with medication at home led the family into financial trouble. The family lives in a two-room rented house on the first floor of a dilapidated two-storey building inside the narrow alleys of Chinni Ki Burz.\"They promised to bear the medical and education expenses of my son till he recuperates . Now when we approached them for help, most of them failed to even recognize us,\" said a disappointed Satyanarayan Sharma, Rahul's father , who lost his tea-shop in the blast.Six pellets were not removed from his body then due to threat to his life. Now the doctors find him fit enough to undergo the operation but his family does not have enough money to bear the cost of expensive medicines. Another worrying factor for the family is his increasing weight, however, they could do little in want of money.Rahul was offered financial help by many individuals, corporates and social organizations soon after the blasts. However , with passage of time, all was forgotten.The family was left with no choice but to borrow money from the market at higher interest rate. \"I have already spent my life's savings on his treatment . I have borrowed money from all near and dear ones. Now, nobody is left from whom I can borrow,\" said Rahul's father.Satyanarayan also injured his back and the family was left with no option but to sell household goods. Rahul defying his pain started working at a tea shop and also completed his education as a private student.He is among the few survivors who escaped death after battling for three months in SMS hospital. But surviving with pellets in limbs, abdomen and chest is a painful affair. He failed twice in class X exams as he could not focus on studies because of unbearable pain. The winter season also brings with it severe pain for Rahul. In fact, every time he drinks water also causes pain in the chest.So far, the journey for this youngster has been full of harsh realities . Most of the promises made during the painful years were never fulfilled. Rahul recounted how he never received a computer that was promised by an institute in a public function despite several reminders.The only promise of help that materialized was the Rajasthan University's scheme of sponsoring the education of blast victims in any of its constituent colleges and PG departments.Rahul's sister Priyanka was admitted to Maharani's College .His mother has been ailing for a long time now and after the blasts she has become irregular in her treatment and taking medicines due to their poor financial situation. \"We were abandoned by the society ,\" said Shanta Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746533", "title": "Short session of assembly begins today", "text": "JAIPUR: The assembly session commencing on Wednesday is likely to be a stormy one with the opposition gearing up to corner the Ashok Gehlot government over several issues.However, the session is likely to be over in three or four days though a final decision would be taken only at a meeting of the Business Advisory Committee of the assembly on Wednesday.The state government is expected to introduce about a dozen new bills, most of them related to private universities. Of the others to be tabled, Rajasthan Women's (Prevention and Protection from Atrocities) Bill 2012 is an important one.The opposition has already voiced its fear about the government not wanting the session to continue for a longer period, alleging that the state government is shying away from explanations. The BJP's legislative meeting was scheduled for Tuesday but was postponed following the death of veteran Congress leader Nawal Kishore Sharma.It will now be held on Wednesday before the session commences at 11 am.\"The opposition will raise several issues and corner the government over everything from corruption to inflation. The government failing to reduce VAT on diesel, cap on subsidised LPG cylinders, the recent hike in power tariff, hike in the fertilizer prices and others would be raised,'' said Rajendra Rathore, chief whip of the BJP.The BJP has already announced that it would also rake up the state government and administration's failure to deal with the crisis situation caused by the heavy rain in August and the deteriorating law and order in the state. \"The recent incident at Bansathali Vidyapeeth would also be raised and we will demand that the government set up an independent inquiry into the alleged rape cases,'' said Rathore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745522", "title": "Times newsmakers' meet held", "text": "CHENNAI: Times NIE organised its 5th Newsmakers' Meet for student members. Ramakrishna Mission Matriculation Higher Secondary School auditorium was packed with inquisitive students who eagerly looked forward to the day ahead for reasons more than one.The event kickstarted with a warm welcome by S Devasena, High and Higher Secondary School Coordinator, Ramakrishna Mission Matriculation Higher Secondary School, T Nagar.P R Ramesh, Deputy General Manager (RMD) Chennai addressed the gathering. It was followed by a mock press conference with Sunil Nair, Resident Editor, The Times of India, Chennai which gave the students the closest experience of being a news reporter in a press conference.Students who were intrigued by the profession of journalism made ample use of the opportunity to clear their doubts. The Times of India thro8ugh its customized student edition conducted this meet with the intention to select star correspondents for this academic year as part of the Newspaper In Education program.It was followed with awarding the best student correspondents for the year 2011-12. The first, second and third prizes were bagged by L Aadithya Narayanan from Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Anna Nagar, Nandini PS from Sir Sivaswami Kalalaya Senior Secondary School and Jithin Gangadharan from Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School.Best star reporters were also awarded at the event. The day also included the quiz session that was to determine the star correspondents for Times NIE for the upcoming year 2012-13.N Ramani, Chief Manager (RMD), Chennai concluded the day on a formal note by thanking everyone who had graced the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16745997", "title": "Thane commuters air woes to MP, Central Railway officials", "text": "THANE: Anil Shukla prefers to take the suburban local to commute from his Thane home to Nariman Point to make it on time for his occasional business meetings. The management consultant dreads the long wait at the ticket counter and at most times storms out exasperated by the near-static queue and hails a cab to Mumbai.On Tuesday top Central Railway officials, including senior divisional commercial manger Atul Rane, undertook a spot inspection of the station along with Thane MP Sanjeev Naik in an attempt to give some relief to commuters.The MP and CR officials were surprised by the incomplete construction work on the ticket window which was thrown open to the public on August 15. The 16-counter booking office, built on the west side to speedily clear off the long queues of commuters, has failed to serve its purpose, locals said.Only three-window counters have been opened up so far and station officials claimed the minor construction work is still pending as the contractor who was awarded the work has left it midway. \"There is minor work to be done and if the CR could arrange between Rs 80 lakh and Rs 85 lakh the new ticket hall with 16 windows would be fully functional in a month's time and this will bring lot of relief to commuters,'' Naik said.CR officials are said to have expressed their inability to arrange for more funds now and the commuters will have to endure the long wait for tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745825", "title": "Tamil Nadu to drag Karnataka to SC today", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has decided to file a contempt petition in the Supreme Court against Karnataka for stopping release of Cauvery water. The decision was taken at a meeting chaired by CM J Jayalalithaa on Tuesday. Sources said the petition is likely to be filed on Wednesday.\"After the court order, Karnataka began releasing water from September 29 and stopped it last night (Monday),\" said an official press release. Stating that stopping of water amounted to \"undermining the federal principles and disrespecting the SC order,\" it said the government decided to file the contempt petition to ensure that the state gets its rightful share.Even as the state government is making all efforts, the row has brought to the fore the sharp differences among political parties. Notwithstanding differences, leaders in Karnataka have come together to step up pressure on the Centre. There is a semblance of unity among the parties despite ideological differences. In Tamil Nadu, though parties have been demanding water, there is no effort to put up a united front.Pondy seeks waterPuducherry has moved the Supreme Court seeking its share of Cauvery water. On Tuesday, it filed an application pleading that the SC direct Karnataka to release a fair share of water to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747430", "title": "Women to run prepaid auto booth at Nagpur railway station", "text": "NAGPUR: An all-woman team would now run the prepaid autorickshaw booth at Nagpur railway station. The prepaid booth was earlier being run by a city-based NGO and then by an association of auto-drivers but was mired in conflicts. Now a women's organization has been given the responsibility.Following complaints of frequent non-functioning of booth and harassment to passengers, Civil Lines corporator Pragati Patil took initiative and got Nagrik Vikas Samiti to take over the management of the prepaid booth. Commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay and city RTO Sarjerao Shelke inaugurated the booth on Tuesday. Dhanvijay urged Patil to start similar booths across the city and assured every help from the city police in her endeavour. Shelke too promised to extend all help to the corporator.According to Patil, it is the first prepaid booth to be operated by women in the country. It will be run in three shifts by NVS members Renuka Devraj, Neetu Barshettiwar and Nagmani Barshettiwar. She clarified that traffic police too will remain present to ensure there was no chaos near the booth. A fare chart, issued by the RTO, will also be made available at the booth. The NVS will collect Rs 2 as service charge from the passengers hiring autorickshaws from the booth, said Patil. She, however, pointed out that no service charge will be collected from those who hire autos for below 2 kms journey.Welcoming the move, autorickshaw drivers at railway station told TOI that since the facility was introduced in early 2000 by the then deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Bhushan Kumar Upadhyaya, the booth had helped a lot of passengers. It was being managed by Nag Vidarbha Auto Chalak Bahuddeshiya Seva Bhavi Sansthan. At least, 300 autos ply from the station daily and passengers used to benefit by being charged correct fare.Updhyaya had started booths in Ajni railway station and at Ganeshpeth bus stand as well. However, lack of interest among his successors ensured that these closed down after his transfer from city. The booth at main railway station was closed following irregularities.'Open more booths elsewhere'While harried commuters haggle with autorickshaw drivers on city's roads, business is smooth and professional at the only prepaid auto booth in the city at Nagpur railway station. Passengers who used the prepaid facility asked, \"why can't every busy locality in the city have a prepaid autorickshaw booth?\"The prepaid tariff has a minimum fare of Rs 26. Passengers suggest that prepaid auto booths be set up at busy places like Itwari railway station, bus stops, Sitabuldi, Dharampeth, Ajni, Sadar, Gandhibagh, Mahal, Ganeshpeth, Cotton Market etc. They could then be extended to MSRTC bus stations like Ganeshpeth and bus depots in Mor Bhavan.Commuters in the city say this could be a solution to the problem of auto drivers fleecing passengers. \"It would help to have prepaid auto counters at malls and cinema halls too,\" said Rakhi Mane, a student. \"I often pay more for an auto ride than for the movie ticket.\"Auto drivers too are not averse to the idea. Autorickshaw driver Sahebrao Sirsat said that by not taking a proactive stand, the government was harming the interests of commuters and auto drivers. \"We have filed representations for prepaid counters to both city RTO and deputy commissioner of police (traffic) to be opened at various places. The concerned agencies, however, have not responded to the suggestion,\" the drivers said.RTA approved prepaid autorickshaw fare chargesKM stageRouteFare payable0 to 2Sitabuldi, K P Ground, Cotton Market etcRs 262 to 4 ST Stand, Baidyanath Chowk, Rahate Colony etcRs 524 to 6 Juni Shukrawari, Siraspeth, Gandhi Putla, etcRs 766 to 8Gurdeo Nagar, Vyankatesh Nagar, Hasanbagh etcRs 1008 to 10Shastri Nagar, Babulban, Dighori, Wardhaman NgrRs 12410 to 12Pardi, Bhandewadi, Bharat Nagar, Jaffar NagarRs 14812 to 14Bhawani Mata Nagar, Kalamna village etcRs 17214 to 16Gulmohar Nagar, Kalamna, Kamptee, Besa Rs 19616 to 18MIDC (Hingna)Rs 22018 to 20Tulani Chowk, Chandni ChowkRs 22420 to 22Defence, Aathwa Mile Rs 268", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16744949", "title": "Chinese businessmen agree to set shop in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Around 40 industrialists from China on Tuesday entered into an agreement with the Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA) for boosting economic growth in the region. The industrialists were a part of a delegation of the Chinese General Chamber of Commerce of the Jilin Province and government officials, including director general of Jilin Province, Wang Fu Yi, and economic and commercial councillor, Peng Gang.In the last two months, this is the second Chinese delegation to have visited Noida with the aim of setting up industries in the region. Earlier, in September, a delegation comprising businessmen involved in heavy engineering goods manufacturing, civil construction works and chemical works in the Shanxi Province of China had visited Noida and met NEA representatives.\"Industrial development in western Uttar Pradesh is set to increase in the near future with the state government taking all measures to develop the region under the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority,\" said NEA president, Vipin Malhan. \"Noida-based industries are willing to partner with foreign enterprises who want to set shop in the region,\" he added.\"The state government has created a positive environment for industrial development in Noida region which is set to attract overseas investors in a big manner. The agreement entered into with Chinese industrialists is a positive move in that direction,\" said Malhan.As per the agreement entered on Tuesday, member enterprises of both countries will make conditions better for regional economic co-operation and increase mutual trade and investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747331", "title": "SC quashes liquor vend re-auction that 'favored' Ponty in 2004", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a major setback to the Punjab government, the Supreme Court (SC) on Tuesday dismissed the appeal filed by Punjab government against a seven years old verdict of the Punjab and Haryana high court, which had quashed the re-auction of liquor vends in various major cities of the state held in November 2004.Re-auction of the vends conducted in November 2004 was found to be conducted in violation of Punjab Liquor Licence Rules, 1956 to benefit firms of Ponty Chadha at the cost of the state exchequer.In its November 11, 2005 orders, a division bench comprising Chief Justice D K Jain and Justice Hemant Gupta of the HC had set aside the auction/re-auction done by the excise department and also directed that the amount deposited by Sanjeev Bhandari, an unsuccessful bidder, Rs 6.07 crores be remitted with interest.In its order, the bench had also ordered action against all the government officials for conducting the re-auction in breach of rules and their failure to carry out the mandate of liquor rules and to safeguard the interests of the state.Aggrieved, the Punjab government had moved SC in appeal to quash the said judgment.However, contesting the state government's appeal, senior advocate Mohan Jain had argued that the state exchequer had suffered a loss of Rs 11.78 crore in the re-auction process, which was done to favour Ponty of UP because it was conducted by changing the reserve price arbitrarily in contravention of the liquor rules.Advocate Mohan Jain, who had appeared for Sanjeev Bhandari, had also contended that the excise department lowered the reserve price to Rs 75 per bottle so that the bidders, who belonged to the Ponty group, could take advantage of it. After the re-auction, he said, the authorities announced a loss of Rs 17.79 crores and then claimed improvement by reducing the loss to Rs 11.78 crores through negotiations with successful bidders.After hearing the arguments, the appeal filed by the state of Punjab has been dismissed by the SC.Box: ImpactThe Punjab government will have to take action against all those state government officers involved, because of whom the state exchequer had suffered a huge loss. The state will have to return Rs 6.7 crores to Sanjeev Bhandari with interest from November 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746224", "title": "Raisen gang-rape victim sets herself on fire", "text": "BHOPAL: A 32-year-old woman set herself on fire allegedly after being gang-raped by four persons in the neighbouring Raisen district on Tuesday.The victim was referred to Hamidia hospital here, where she is said to be in a critical condition.According to the victim's statement, she was gang-raped by unidentified youths who offered her a lift in their jeep from Chiklod area. The incident took place at around 5.30 pm, she told police. She attempted suicide at her residence at around 6.30 pm, inspector general (IG) Hosangaband Ajay Sharma told TOI. The matter was informed to us by her 16-year-old daughter.\"We are going by the victim's statement though her daughter has a different version,\" said the officer. The Bareli police have registered a case of rape against unidentified persons on the basis of victim's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16746941", "title": "IAF upgrades sting power of Eastern Command", "text": "GUWAHATI: Fifty years after the war with China, the Indian Air Force is upgrading its operational capability in the Eastern Command, the aerial strike force against China in the eastern sector.The IAF has completely phased out all MiGs from the northeast and inducted strike fighter aircraft Sukhoi-30s in Tezpur and Chabua. It has also inducted the Russian-made Mi-17V5 armed helicopters, which have more payload carrying capability at higher altitudes, state-of-the-art autopilot and is compatible with the latest night vision goggles for flying at night.The IAF is now in the process of acquiring all the advanced landing grounds (ALGs) in Arunachal Pradesh, which are currently under the ministry of home affairs. After acquiring the ALGs, the IAF will develop them for the AN-32s and Hercules aircrafts, which will transport soldiers and weapons to China over the highly treacherous terrain with extreme weather conditions.\"The eastern sector is undergoing transformation and we are upgrading its operational capability. It will make our command strong enough to take on any challenge posed on us,\" air officer commanding-in-chief of the EAC Air Marshal S Varthaman said at the 80th anniversary of the IAF at the EAC headquarters in Shillong.\"The focus of development of the IAF has shifted to Eastern Command. Once the ALGs in Arunachal Pradesh are acquired, the hurdle of movement of troops to the frontline areas posed due to poor surface communication will be taken care of in two to three years,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16749373", "title": "Auckland beat Sialkot by six wickets in CLT20 qualifier", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Auckland dished out a disciplined all-round performance to notch up a comfortable six-wicket victory over Sialkot Stallions in their qualifying match of the Champions League Twenty20.Led by Kyle Mills (2/6), Ronnie Hira (2/36) and Andre Adams (2/21) outstanding bowling show, Auckland first restricted Sialkot Stallions to a modest 130 for nine in their stipulated 20 overs after the Pakistani team decided to bat on Tuesday.Auckland then returned to overhaul the target with 2.5 overs to spare at the New Wanderers stadium.For Auckland, opener Martin Guptill was the top-scorer with his 32-ball 40, while Lou Vincent (20), Azhar Mahmood (24) and A Kitchen (33 not out) also made useful contributions.Shahid Yousuf top-scored for the Stallions with a 25-ball 39, which was laced with three sixes and an equal number of boundaries. But the Stallions could not build partnerships and lost wickets in regular intervals.Guptill, who struck five fours and a six in his 32-ball stay, led the chase with a 32-run opening stand with Vincent, who smashed three fours and a six in his 16-ball innings.Guptill also starred in a 51-run second wicket stand in 40 balls with Azhar, who sent down three fours in his 23-ball innings. Once the opener was dismissed, Kitchen steered the chase and took his team home. His 21-ball innings was studded with two fours and two sixes.Earlier, the Stallions had a subdued start as Mills and Bates bowled in rhythm, giving away just 11 in the first five over. Bates brought the first breakthrough, dismissing opener Shakeel Ansar (1) in the second over when he had him caught at mid-on by Anaru Kitchen.In the sixth over, Sialkot had a big over when Haris Sohail (12) hit Azhar for a six and a four and Nazir smashed another six at the fine leg region.Adams, however, got rid off Haris in the next over and Azhar then reduced Sialkot to 30 for three when he dismissed Nazir. In pursuit of a big hit, Nazir ended up top-edging the ball to short third man.Yousuf then joined skipper Shoaib Malik and took charge of the situation. He sent Adams for consecutive sixes over long off and deep square-leg respectively in the ninth over and then hit Colin Munro for a couple of boundaries to take Sialkot past the 50-mark.After a couple of quiet overs, Malik sent Colin de Grandhomme sailing over cover for a much-needed six, while three balls later Yousuf sent a length ball for a straight six as Sialkot reached 79 for three in 13 overs.However, Hira broke the partnership in the next over when the spinner latched on to a caught and ball chance to sent Yousuf back to the dug-out. He had added 57 runs with Shoaib for the fourth wicket.Hira picked up his second wicket, dismissing Shoaib in the 16th over. Looking to launch a delivery over long-off, Shoaib ended up giving a catch to Guptill.A beautiful catch by Colin de Grandhomme off Adam's delivery sent new batsman Qaiser Abbas back to the pavilion as the Stallions were reduced to 97 for six.Naved-ul-Hasan then tried his bit to step up the run-rate with a six off Hira over long-on. Ali Khan too tried his hand and brought up a couple of sixes off Hira to help Sialkot accumulate 21 runs of the 18th over.Mills was then brought back into the attack and the pacer picked up Naved-ul-Hasan and Bilawal Bhatti in one over to reduce the Stallions to 120 for eight at the end of 19 overs.Bates then dismissed Ali Khan in the third ball of the final over, before Raza Hasan ended the Sialkot innings with a four along the fine leg boundary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747387", "title": "4 Vidarbha dists get more wildlife wardens", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government on Tuesday not only cleared the stalled list of honorary district wildlife wardens but also appointed additional wardens in four districts of Vidarbha.On March 21, the government had released a list of 27 district wardens while the list of 7 districts was held up owing to police verification reports of the candidates. All the appointments were recommended by the state wildlife board (SWB).Now, Nagpur, Chandrapur, Akola and Amravati will have additional honorary wardens. Earlier, Devendra Thelkar was appointed warden in Akola, Kundan Hate in Nagpur and Vishal Bansod of Satpuda Foundation for Amravati.However, all these districts will have two honorary wardens. In Nagpur, apart from Hate, now Rohit Karoo, who runs the NGO Wildlife Conservation and Development Centre (WCDC) and is working for the betterment of newly-formed Umred-Kharangla wildlife sanctuary, has been appointed.In Chandrapur, president of wildlife and environment protection NGO Eco Pro Bandu Dhotre and trustee of Tiger Research and Conservation Trust (TRACT) Poonam Dhanwatey have been appointed.Similarly, in Akola and Amravati, avid bird watchers Prashant Gahale and Jayant Wadatkar respectively have been appointed wardens. In Gondia, Jagdish Bahekar has been nominated.Other honorary wardens include Dilip Yardi (Aurangabad), Rohan Bhate (Satara), Vasant Mayya (Nanded), Amit Khare (Nashik), Sanjay Munga (New Mumbai), and Ulhas Thakur (Raigad).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746124", "title": "Rickshaw Panchayat demands fare hike", "text": "PUNE: The city's biggest autorickshaw union - the Rickshaw Panchayat Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad - has demanded a revision in autorickshaw fare.The union has not suggested a specific hike in rupees and has said the hike should be as per the revised Hakeem committee formula which has been approved by the state government.Nitin Pawar, convener of the union, said, \"The last revision in fare was announced in November 2011. The prices of petrol and of other commodities have gone up significantly since then. A hike is due considering these factors.\"Pawar said that according to the Hakeem formula and revised guidelines, the revision in fare is expected to come every year in May. This means that the fare would not be revised till May 2013. He said the state should make an exception this year and revise the fare now. From next year on, the fare can be revised in May.The union has written a letter to the Regional Transport Authority, the Regional Transport Officer, and the traffic department urging them to immediately consider a fare hike. The union has said it will undertake an agitation if their demand is not met. A decision to seek a revision in fare was taken during a recent meeting under the chairmanship of president of the union Baba Adhav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747128", "title": "School van catches fire, 2 kids injured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A van carrying school kids to Army School in the cantonment area of Shahibaug caught fire in Meghaninagar on Tuesday morning. Two students sustained minor burn injuries. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) doused the flames.According to AFES officials, they received a call from Tatanagar Society in Meghaninagar at 7.15 am on Tuesday about the fire. \"There were six students in the van when the incident took place,\" said an AFES official. \"The van driver, Pankaj Patel , saw flames near the engine. He stopped the van and got out to check. By that time, the flames had reached the front portion of the vehicle and two students, Gargi and Avdhesh, - both aged 15 - sustained minor burn injuries.\"Officials said that the fire started because of overheating of the engine that sparked a short-circuit. Apart from the charred front portion, the van was not damaged and other students seated inside were safe, officials said.In another incident, an eatery was gutted near Chandola lake in Faisalnagar on Tuesday evening. According to AFES officials, they got a call from Lucky Chinese at 5.15 pm. The kitchen of the eatery caught fire due to LPG gas leakage, said officials. In the ensuing blast, one person was injured. \"While the eatery was gutted, nobody was severely injured,\" said an AFES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745167", "title": "Branded eateries under food safety department radar", "text": "KOCHI: Though food safety officials raided around 300 hotels over the past two months, only one branded outlet was subjected to quality and sanitation checks.But the scenario changed on Monday after officials sealed a KFC outlet in Thiruvananthapuram after a customer found worms in his dish.Department officials inspected two outlets of the firm in Kochi - one on Monday, the other on Tuesday. They even collected samples from one outlet and sent it to the regional analytical laboratory for tests. Officials said that further inspections would be conducted after receiving the lab report.An official said that staff shortage is one reason why they are unable to inspect more branded outlets.\"Most outlets use sophisticated equipment and it takes more time to inspect them and verify quality. We do not have enough officials and it is not possible to check them often. We have only one vehicle for the entire inspection squad,\" he said, adding that they did not unearth any serious problems at these outlets during previous inspections.Kerala Hotel and Restaurants Association (KHRA) alleged that officials are not ready to inspect the outlets of prominent brands on the ground that they serve quality food.However, district food safety officer Ajith Kumar rubbished the allegation and said: \"We have inspected many such outlets. In some cases, we also examined their godowns.\"And branded outlets are quick to point out that they do not compromise on quality.\"KFC products are sourced from manufacturing facilities that comply with the most stringent food safety standards. These facilities have international quality standards and are audited frequently. Our chicken is freshly prepared several times a day under hygienic conditions,\" said the company spokesperson in an emailed reply.An official with Domino's Pizza said that to ensure good food, the quality assurance team has been randomly inspecting company outlets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747385", "title": "A green vision that'll help tourists and forests", "text": "NAGPUR: Participatory management approach, involvement of eco-development committees (EDCs), developing tourist circuits, entrepreneurship development among locals and issuing privilege cards to high-end tourists are some of the prominent features of the Rs40-crore ecotourism plan for 31 forest areas in Vidarbha submitted by a Pune-based consultant.The 31 sites include protected areas as well as forests having rich biodiversity.In view of the recent directives by the Supreme Court, basic thrust is to be given to develop the buffer areas for ecotourism within the defined parameters of the Forest Conservation Act (FCA).On December 23, 2011, the forest department had selected Unison Project Management Private Limited, Pune, in association with Orange County to prepare ecotourism development plan.The consultant has suggested people-public-private-partnership (PPPP) model for tourism development in eco-sensitive areas on the lines of Madhya Pradesh. This will ensure that communities have a greater role along with the government and the private sector, throughout the project life-cycle, the reports states.In January and February, Unison promoter VB Sawarkar, senior architects and structural engineers Vilas Gogate, Mukund Godbole and VK Deshpande, field coordinator GV Deshpande along with divisional manager of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) Ravi Wankhede visited all the intended sites in the protected areas (PAs).After a series of meetings, Unison submitted a report last week to A K Saxena, additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF), wildlife, East, for 31 sites including Pench, Tadoba, Bor, Tipeshwar, Navegaon, Nagzira, Bor, Chulbandh, Junona, Melghat in Vidarbha.\"I've received the ecotourism plan a couple of days ago. I will go through it. The technical committee under the chief wildlife warden will approve the plan,\" Saxena told TOI.Sources said the objectives and scope of work includes planning and preparing ecotourism plans and designs besides block and detailedestimates for various components of ecotourism facilities. , assistance in implementation of approved plans and certification of works after completion in respect of all PAs in consultation with park managers.The task will involve architectural and engineering works which include preparing site-wise infrastructure and identification of areas for setting up ecotourism projects. Once this is approved by the committee headed by chief wildlife warden, tenders will be floated.The conceptual management plan based on interaction with respective forest officers and stakeholders is ready. Besides, a topographical survey of the proposed sites has also carried out in March and May 2012.\"The goals of ecotourism project to be taken up include sensitizing the tourists about the need for nature's conservation and protection of environment, economic sustainability, cultural integrity and enhancement of knowledge and education,\" said senior forest officials, who did not want to be quoted.Unison states as per the 'Report of the working group on tourism for 12th five year plan' by United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO), the travel and tourism industry in India is likely to grow by 8% per annum. India has the advantage of a strong domestic tourism base with 740 million tourist visits. This base is likely to grow on the back of a rapidly rising middle class with increased disposable incomes and awareness.The consultant has recommended 'regulatory' and 'cautious promotional' approach on ecotourism plans in TATR, which has over 54% of tourist flow and other areas respectively. It includes efforts to attract visitors to other areas and developing a range of programmes that would catch the attention of visitors in things other than just tiger sightings.It would include developing touring circuits in buffer zones that would avoid the skewed distribution of tourists in order to help reduce the pressure on ecosystems of a particular PA, thereby arresting its ecological degradation.GREEN AND SUSTAINABLEHere are some of the highlights of the ecotourism plan* ECO-DEVELOPMENT COMMITTEES: The EDCs are already existing and or are in formation stage at many project sites. Formation of EDCs is the first important stage recommended for creating awareness of ecotourism plan and to ensure its successful implementation.* TOURIST CIRCUITS: It will include developing destinations having tourist potential in a planned and prioritized manner. Promoting cultural and heritage value of the sites, providing complete tourism experience with varied themes and integrated approach towards enhancing tourist inflow are envisaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16745110", "title": "Roads to get new look post monsoon", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has intensified plans to revamp roads in the city. An extensive resurfacing, widening and strengthening drive with an allocated budget of around Rs 150 crore has been undertaken for the facelift of the city's road network post monsoon.Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran has directed officers heading the ten work circles to ensure that all arterial roads under their jurisdiction are repaired, resurfaced and re-carpeted without delay. The decision comes in the wake of motorists having a tough time on major roads like Master Plan Road-I, II, III, Noida-Greater Noida Expressway and Udyog Marg. Following the monsoons, roads have been left badly pockmarked with rough patches. Many arterial routes have worsened with cave-ins proving to be hazardous for road users.\"We try and repair the roads temporarily by filling the potholes during monsoon, but after heavy rains the material starts coming off. Permanent repairs and resurfacing can only be done after the monsoon recedes,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil).While the maintenance department has been directed to undertake patchwork repair work across Noida, they have also been told to particularly focus on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway that leads up to the F1 venue. The Authority has floated tenders worth Rs 60 crore to spruce up the expressway and the sectors along it.Resurfacing of three main roads in sectors 42 to 47 will cost Rs 4.52 crore. The tender for this has been approved. The roads of sectors 121 and 122 will come at a cost of Rs 1.42 crore while roads of sectors 143 and 144 will cost Rs 2.34 crore. The cost of laying roads in sectors 134 and 164 will cost Rs 4.72 crore and Rs 6.81 crore, respectively, said an officer of the maintenance department.The chief maintenance engineer also said that under the jurisdiction of four work circles, Rs 60 crore will be used up to March 2013 to spruce up Noida entry points. \"Roads leading into Noida like the T-point of NH-24 towards Sectors 63 and 62, road from Kondli, road from Dharamshila hospital and Master Plan-I road are all on the agenda for a revamp. The work is almost 50% complete,\" Goel added.Roads of the commercial complexes are also to get a facelift. \"Sector 18 sees hundreds of visitors and vehicles everyday. The roads in this sector have been revamped on priority,\" Goel said.In the next phase, the road repair drive will be undertaken for the Udyog marg, which is considered as the lifeline of the city. \"We will also target Sector 20, which has been delayed because of some sewer problems. Also, roads in Sector 16A are yet to be taken up as first repair work is being carried out on drains in the area. A lot of civic work also needs to be taken up in Sectors 85, 93B, 105, 128, 132, etc. We have floated tenders to improve the civic conditions in these areas,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745872", "title": "Portion of Pedder Road caves in for 3rd time in four months", "text": "MUMBAI: For the third time in four months, a 5-ft portion of Pedder Road caved in near Singer Lata Mangeshkar's building, Prabhu Kunj, on Tuesday morning after a stormwater drain running underneath collapsed. This resulted in traffic jams across the island city. One lane going towards Haji Ali was closed to motorists. Civic officials said efforts were on to fix the affected portion and traffic would be allowed on Wednesday afternoon.Senior inspector (traffic) R M Thakur said motorists were diverted to Tardeo and Madan Mohan Malvia roads.On September 17, a 4-ft portion of the road caved in near Jaslok Hospital after a slab of a stormwater drain running underneath collapsed. Late on July 11, a 4-ft portion of the same road caved in at Gamadia junction. At that time too, a slab of an old stormwater drain had given way.A civic official from the roads department said, \"The portion caved in around 10.30am. We got a call from the disaster control team at 12.30am.The cavity is 1.5m by 1.5m. The stormwater drain network is nearly a century old and worn out.\"Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI that a conditional assessment of the stormwater drains will be done by installing CCTV cameras underground. \"But this will take at least four months. We will inform the public that this needs to be done on an urgent basis so that there's no position from them when we close a portion of the road to install the CCTV cameras. We cannot keep waiting for the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation to begin its flyover project; the drain has collapsed many times now,\" said Gupta.Gupta said the BMC will soon float tenders to test a European technology called ground penetration radar (GPR) which can help identify the soil component, rock structures and utilities up to 10 metres beneath road surface. It will also be used during the construction of retaining walls and can help detect probable road cave-ins.We have been given to understand that there's no permanent solution to the problem till the government decides on a flyover in the area. The ridiculous implication is residents of the area and motorists using one of the island city's arterial roads will have to go on suffering till multiple government agencies come to a decision on a contentious flyover. We think this is unacceptable. The BMC should come up with a medium-term plan to ensure Pedder Road does not cave in once every one-and-a-half months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745568", "title": "I-League: Losing start for Mumbai clubs", "text": "MUMBAI: It was always a case of worry, than shock, when Mumbai's top football club, Mahindra United, shut shop two seasons ago. The question was more 'who next?' than 'what next?'Ever since the champion side decided that they were done with football, Mumbai clubs have had almost nothing to show for at the I-League.Season after season has passed in accomplishing the sole mission of survival and it hasn't done any good to reassure that there is life after Mahindra.The 16th season of the country's top league kicked off last week and the Round One results for Mumbai clubs did little to allay the doubts of a disappointing encore.While Mumbai FC had themselves to blame for a 3-2 defeat to Pailan Arrows that shouldn't have happened, Air India were hammered 5-1 at the hands of a 10-man United SC.ONGC were a tad unlucky when all their pluck came short as they went down 3-2 to Pune FC.The season is a long haul and it's still early days to look at the defeats as an omen. But the fact remains that Mumbai clubs have often failed to rise from early setbacks.Slow starts saw Air India finish ninth last season while Mumbai FC survived relegation by the skin of their teeth to finish 11th.\"It's a marathon league but a good start changes the mentality of the team for games to come,\" said ONGC's football-in-charge, Bibek Bhowmik.Seconding Bhowmik's view is Air India coach Godfrey Pereira, who believes that a decent collection of points in the first five games can propel a whole season for a club.Pereira is also candid enough to admit that it will take time for the clubs to match standards that Mahindra set. \"All Mumbai clubs are low-budget teams and it's not easy to attract the big names for a mid-table finish.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745339", "title": "\u2018GM crops may cripple traditional form of farming\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what can be a disturbing trend, agriculture experts observe that after having introduced Bt cotton successfully in the state, MNCs, promoting Genetically Modified (GM) crops, seem to have taken over large tracts of land on the city outskirts to promote their varieties.\"There has been an unusual increase of 50% of corn crop cultivation on the city outskirts and most of them are Monsanto and other MNC varieties. This is a major threat to traditional farming as these companies enter this way by acquainting and encouraging particular types of crop growth for which GM variety is already available and corn happens to be one of them.\" said P V Satheesh, national convenor, southern action on genetic engineering.Satheesh along with other national and international personalities associated with food and agriculture sector raised their voice against the usage of GM crops at a side event held in the city as part of CoP-11 meet which was called 'Bt Cotton Web Around Food, Farming and Livestock Systems: Continental Perspectives from Africa and Asia'.Satheesh pointed out that Andhra Pradesh would be most vulnerable for introducing new variety of GM crops in the future. \"The farmers here have already been brainwashed into using Bt cotton extensively and they think this is very modern type of farming. But the soil in the state has already started to lose its fertility. A study conducted in Warangal district on land, where Bt cotton was being grown, showed that in the first year the soil became 2% toxic and in the fifth year of cultivation, the soil had become 40% toxic.\" he said.Another speaker, Nammalwar, chairman, Vanagam foundation in Trichy, called upon all the farmers to resist any more introductions of GM varieties. \"The millet crop cultivation has decreased due to Bt cotton farming which is being widely promoted by foreign companies. As a result, the cattle which grazes on millets is not able to get sufficient feed and many are selling these cattle to slaughter houses. The traditional form of farming is being destroyed slowly and farmers are increasingly depending on fertilizers.\"V S Vijayan, former chairman of Kerala biodiversity board, said that it was an absurd argument put forward by many at the helm of affairs that GM varieties were the solution to meet the food need of the country. \"Studies have shown that organic farming is more efficient and productive than growing genetically modified variety. A recent survey in Maharashtra has shown that normal cotton crop per hectare had fetched a profit of Rs 29,600 while Bt cotton fetched only Rs 17,300 per hectare.\" He also blamed the high rate of suicides among cotton farmers on the Bt variety and said that any attempt by the government to allow GM crops will result in MNCs dictating our food habits.Frances Moore Lappe from USA, co-founder of small planet institute, said, \"The USA is the guinea pig of GM food promoting companies. We are losing our biodiversity, family farms and even our health is deteriorating due to use of these food. 70% of the processed food found in our country contains GM organisms but most Americans are not even aware of this fact because there is no labeling. The GM companies have taken over our country and are using fear tactics against anyone who try to criticise them\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747115", "title": "Musclemen in demand for 9 nights", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They are tall, muscular, genial, and they are all taken. They are the bouncers who are in great demand to guard the dancing beauties from trouble and unpleasantness at garba venues across the state.Raj Shekhawat, an ex-army man who runs an event management security agency, said: \"I have 300 youths working with me as bouncers. They are primarily well-built and well-behaved men who are either gymnasium trainers or college students.\" Most of them have been booked in advance, Shekhawat said.Experts said that since bouncers are especially hired for bolstering security and keeping trouble at bay at garba venues - which become breeding grounds for eve-teasing - they are also given special training to manage crowds.\"The bouncers are trained to end trouble without getting into a verbal duel with mischief makers,\" said Shekhawat. \"It requires training to be subtle and yet ensure a trouble-free event.\"This Navtari, no fewer than 2,000 men will be hired as bouncers for major events in the state.Security expert N N Singh said that most of the bouncers are between 20 years and 40 years. Their salaries range from Rs 1,000-2,500 per day depending on their experience and the scale of the event.\"Last-minute bookings for bouncers do not happen as good bouncers are all taken early,\" said Singh.Experts say that there has been a sharp rise in the demand for bouncers over the past two to three years with more events being organized in big cities of the state.Ashok Yadav, who is a student of Vivekanand College, said that he volunteered to become a bouncer because the job allows him to work as well as study. \"The money offered is good. We earn Rs 1,000-1200 for eight hours a day,\" said Yadav. \"The money is even better during Navratri. I get to enjoy the nine nights of revelry while I earn. The only problem is that I do not get to dance during the festival.\"K K Shukla, who owns a security agency, said that youths who have trained in boxing are also employed as bouncers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745402", "title": "Y Srilakshmi released on bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspended IAS officer, Y Srilakshmi, an accused in the Obulapuram Mining Corporation (OMC) scam, was released on bail from the Special Prison for Women , Chanchalguda, on Tuesday.A weary-looking Srilakshmi was given a helping hand by her husband N Gopikrishna, a senior IPS officer, as she came out of jail. She refused to speak to mediapersons. Srilakshmi will have to come back to jail after the expiry of her interim bail period, which is up to January 20, 2013.The court had granted interim bail to Srilakshmi late on Monday evening on medical grounds. She has been in jail since January this year. While in jail, Srilakshmi developed a disc problem and had to be taken to Osmania General Hospital (OGH) and Nizams Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) for treatment. Gali Janardhan Reddy's brother Gali Somasekhara Reddy was also released on bail from Central Prison, Cherlapalli, on Tuesday. He was granted bail in the cash-for-bail scam in the Gali Janardhan Reddy case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16747177", "title": "Dowry death: 10 year jail for accused and family", "text": "KANPUR: A man and his parents were convicted for dowry death by the additional district and session judge IV th of Kanpur Dehat and were punished with ten years of rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 3000 on each.The sentenced persons were Shailendra Singh (husband) and Suresh Singh &amp; Mithlesh Singh (parents) residents of village Madhakhura under Phooph police station in district Bhind.According to prosecution Shailendra was married to one Sundari, a resident of village Chaitapur under Mangalpur Police station of Kanpur dehat on May 1,2007. Shailendra and his parents were not satisfied with the dowry given at the time of marriage and they were demanding a four wheeler.When their demand were not met they gave her some poisonous substance. She was in critical condition on January 20, 2008. Sundari later died in hospital during the treatment.The additional district government counsel Vikram Singh during the trial according to post-mortem report traces of poison were found in her body.The police had not registered the case initially but court had directed the police to register a case and investigate the matter. The police had filed charge sheet against five persons and other two persons were Dinesh Singh and Madhu Singh. But the presiding officer acquitted Dinesh Singh and his wife Madhu Singh for want of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747485", "title": "Mercedes owners to get together on October 21", "text": "BANGALORE: On the fateful night of August 31, 1997, when a Mercedes-Benz S280 W140 carrying Princess Diana crashed into a Paris tunnel, the news of her death shocked the world. What was equally stunning was how she met her end in a car, considered one of the safest in the world. Later, doctors attending to her concluded that Diana could have survived if she had made use of the hi-tech passive safety features in the car and worn seat belts.Such was the aura about the Mercedes' safety and luxury standards and to this day, there are those who swear by the car. Reason why the first meeting of Mercedes-Benz Club of India from Bangalore will be held in the city on October 21, where owners who share their passion for the car will dine and share their Merc tales. There are an estimated 60 registered Mercedes car owners in the city. \"Prior to 2000, owning a Merc was all about passion and how rich one was,\" says Nandish Palecha, a proud owner of Mercedes-Benz W140 from Bangalore.Pramod Prakash, who along with Nandish is working on the Merc get-together, says the cost of a Mercedes-Benz W124 was about Rs 40 lakh in the 1990s. But importing a car from Germany was much more than the cost of car itself as duties and taxes came to about Rs 50 lakh. \"So, a person who would shell out close to Rs 1 crore in the 1990s would be driven by not just its status symbol but also by a great passion for super cars,'' he said.However, over years, the advent of a fleet of luxurious and expensive cars has somewhat dimmed the Mercs. German automakers Benz even started rolling out economical variants in India with an EMI facility to boot. Nevertheless, the reason why owners in the city will 'Merc' their diary on October 21 will be a shared passion for a classic car.\"The intention is to bring together like-minded, passionate auto enthusiasts who have always wanted to preserve and restore classic Mercedes Benz cars, but had nowhere to go or discuss their issues with. This will be a platform for newbies and mature enthusiasts to share and support restoration techniques, leads for spares and mechanics, prices, available vehicles, maintenance tips and so on,'' Nandish said. If you own a Merc and want to join the group, emailTOP GEARK Subramani, 65, MD of United Exports with his special edition w140 S500 Merc is the oldest member in the club in Bangalore. He bought the Merc 14 years ago.There are over 60 registered Merc owners in Bangalore nowIn Bangalore, there are 7 Mercedes-Benz S280 W140, the car in which Lady Diana took her last ride", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16747551", "title": "Cong men accuse Calangute cops of harassing sons", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress on Tuesday alleged that Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo and PSI Sherif Jacques are systematically harassing Congress party workers.Congress condemned the harassment of their workers and demanded that Parrikar improve the deteriorating law and order situation in the state. \"Parrikar should immediately stop the harassment of Congress workers or else the party will come out with its own action plan\", said Congress spokesperson Sudip Tamankar.Speaking to mediapersons, former Calangute Congress MLA Agnelo Fernandes said that during the wee hours of October 8, 2012, Raposo and Sherif travelling in a private car started assaulting Marvin Pires and Demier at Candolim near the Kingfisher Villa, while they were returning from a birthday party.Fernandes said that on Tuesday the Calangute police registered a false complaint against the two boys, as they decided to approach mediapersons about the incident.Parents of both boys on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the superintendent of police against PI Raposo and PSI Jacques for mercilessly beating their sons without any fault.The parents also alleged thatJacques and other officers involved in beating the boys were drunk. \"This inhuman and barbaric treatment of our innocent sons. It is disgusting and deplorable and we demand strong disciplinary action against the officers concerned,\" Martin Pires and Pramila Coutinho said in the complaint. Fernandes said that the two youth were assaulted by Calangute police on Monday because their parents were working in his hotel.Fernandes further said that the local BJP MLA must not be aware of this harassment and I don't think the Calangute police should be listening to the MLA either.Raposo denied having assaulted anyone. \"We have not harassed them. We have registered a complaint under Section 34 for causing obstruction and inconvenience to the public as well as to the free flow of the traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "miami", "code": "16746432", "title": "American wins cockroach-eating contest, dies", "text": "MIAMI: A US man died after winning a cockroach and worm eating contest at a Florida reptile house over the weekend, police said.Edward Archbold, 32, had eaten several dozen roaches and worms on Friday as part of the contest to win an exotic python. He later began vomiting and was picked up by an ambulance in front of the shop, the Broward county sheriff's office said.He was later pronounced dead, and the medical examiner's office will be performing an autopsy to determine the cause of death.The contest was held by Ben Siegel Reptiles, which offered different prize pythons for whomever could eat the most of different categories of bugs. \"How many giant roaches would you eat for a female ivory-ball python?\" the store said on a Facebook page advertising the contest.\"Here's how it works: Eat the most bugs in 4 minutes, win the ball morph. That's it. Oh yeah, any vomiting is an automatic DQ.\"The reptile shop later published a message expressing sadness about Archbold's death, saying, \"We just met him the night of our sale but all liked him very much.\" He was outgoing and fun and got the crowd very worked up and excited. We are sorry we'll not get to know him better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747501", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to go all out to curb Octroi evasion cases", "text": "NAGPUR: To give a boost to the octroi department, which contributes 50% of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) revenue, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has directed the officials of all ten zone offices to conduct inspections to curb octroi evasion cases. Till now, the work was being carried out only by the octroi department. The latest step may increase revenue and also curb cases of octroi evasion.A senior NMC official told TOI that the decision may also cool the office bearers launching attacks on the officials of octroi department almost every day. \"Wardhane directed the zone officials to conduct inspections in other zone areas. The assistant commissioners of all ten zones may now go and inspect the goods coming into the city to check whether the octroi cess is paid or not,\" he said.Besides, the NMC has also decided to approach the officials of Central Railway again requesting to implement the Mumbai model. \"Evasion cases including the Bajeria case unearthed on Monday were linked with the railway route. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) entered into an agreement with Central railway to prevent evasion cases from railway route. The officials at CST collect octroi cess on behalf of BMC according to the assessment done by the BMC officials. CST keeps 3% of total revenue and hands over the remaining to BMC. NMC wrote to the Central railway to implement the model a month ago. This system may put an end to evasion cases linked with railway route,\" said an NMC official.Meanwhile, Wardhane issued notice to Dhantoli zone seeking explanation as to who was responsible for tricksters utilizing the NMC's hall at Bajeria for storing goods. The reply from the zone office is awaited. Wardhane is likely to take action after receiving the reply.Meanwhile, the octroi department officials unearthed another case of octroi evasion from Civil Lines on Sunday night. A senior official said that a matador was transporting electrical and electronic goods from the railway station to some godown. \"The vehicle was stopped near Yashwant stadium. The driver could not produce any octroi receipt. Though the vehicle was seized and brought to octroi's head office, nobody came to the department to claim goods,\" he said.Continuing allegations against the octroi department officials, chairman of octroi committee Kishor Dorle told reporters that the officials claimed amount in lakhs from the department in the name of reward for unearthing octroi evasion cases. \"The process to claim the amount is illegal. A complaint has been lodged with mayor Anil Sole demanding inquiry and action,\" he said.Rubbishing the allegations, officials of octroi department said that the rewards were given according to provisions in the bylaws. \"Officials and staffers risk their life and unearth octroi evasion cases. The revenue of the NMC increased to Rs 200 crore to Rs 450 crore in the last five years due to few reasons including action in octroi evasion cases,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747535", "title": "Rs5L-fine to be slapped on builder", "text": "BANGALORE: The government has reacted strongly to the increasing number of dengue cases in Bangalore.Health and family welfare department principal secretary M Madan Gopal on Tuesday directed the BBMP to impose Rs 5-lakh fine on the builder who is constructing a site adjacent to Sophia High School.Ongoing construction near the school and unhygienic conditions prevailing on the premises are being blamed for mosquito-breeding, which may have caused dengue and resulted in the death of three students of the school this year.\"Two cases of dengue have been confirmed on Tuesday. We have directed BBMP to step up fogging and spraying in dengue-affected areas. Households must take measures to prevent mosquito-breeding,\" Madan Gopal said.A high-power committee under the health department commissioner will hold a review meeting of vector-borne diseases every Saturday, Madan Gopal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746640", "title": "Report raises alarm over Jaipur\u2019s air quality", "text": "JAIPUR: With nearly 400 vehicles being added to the city's burgeoning fleet of private cars and commercial vehicles, the level of air population has sharply gone up along with a corresponding rise in the number of people suffering from respiratory problems.In an alarming report prepared by the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE), the air pollution in Jaipur has reached a critical level. The report also highlighted the deteriorating air quality of Jaipur, and stated that the pollution level is 2.8 times higher than the normal. A citizen's survey conducted by CSE found out that nearly 88% residents of Jaipur believe that the city's air pollution levels have increased. Nearly 94% said the cases of respiratory diseases are on the rise.The data was part of the CSE survey report which was released on Tuesday at a meet to address the city's rising air pollution level and transportation challenges. The session was conducted in association with the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA).\"It has been found that PM10 (particulate matter less than 10 micron in size) levels have been consistently rising in the city - these are now about 2.8 times higher than the standard,\" pointed out the survey report.Maximum pollution is generated by motor vehicles as per the air quality classification of the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB). \"The city already has about 1.8 million vehicles and adds nearly 400 vehicles a day to its existing fleet,\" it noted.The rise in number of private vehicles has also affected the traffic speed with the average speed plummeting to 21kmph or even slower at certain stretches.The city also witnesses an annual 10% increase in the number of vehicles, with cars outnumbering two-wheelers. Despite being a tier-2 city, the number of vehicles per 1,000 people in Jaipur is way above Delhi. While the National Capital has 332 cars per 1,000 persons, Jaipur has 551 cars.Talking to TOI, Anumita Roychowdhury, executive director- research and advocacy at CSE said, \"In Delhi, the rate at which the traffic is increasing, a space of 310 footfall fields is required every year to accommodate it. The state government in Jaipur should make a policy to discourage buying private vehicles as required space is not available in the city.\"The report also highlighted that road availability in city is on the decline. Between 2007 and 20111, the road capacity has increased by 33% against a 58% increase in vehicle ownership. Such unequal development of infrastructure has led to massive congestion problems. The session stressed on less use of private vehicles and encouraged Jaipurites to reduce their carbon footprint. \"Despite growing dependence on cars, the walking and cycling share - 27% and 13% respectively\u2014is the highest compared to all other modes of transport in the city,\" the report stated.A closely-built city, most trips in Jaipur are made on an average distance of less than 4km. This provides scope for residents to explore walking, cycling or using public transport to reach their destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16745844", "title": "Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samaj Party to decide on ties with UPA today", "text": "LUCKNOW: This is a testimony to the fragmentation of polity. BSP and SP will hold crucial deliberations on Wednesday that may have a bearing on the UPA regime and its desire to rev up the reforms process, although all indications suggest that the two UP rivals may not have the appetite for immediate fireworks.BSP czarina Mayawati will hold a meeting with her comrades to finesse the stance on ties with the UPA amid signs that she may continue to be one of the principal props for the Manmohan Singh regime. An indication that she does not intend to pull the rug came when she lowered her opposition to Centre's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail - a happy augury for the government's new-found desire to speed up reforms.Addressing a mammoth rally here, Mayawati asked her workers to prepare for the eventuality of an early election, but there was little to suggest that she would withdraw support to precipitate one immediately.Mayawati's soft resistance to FDI in retail coincides with SP's stand not to cease supporting the UPA on the contentious issue. Although SP brass will also meet here on Wednesday to look at their options afresh, sources said Mulayam Singh Yadav was unlikely to escalate his opposition to the Centre's decision to allow global supermarket chains into a formal disengagement with the UPA.The SP chieftain had on Saturday repeated his opposition to the decision on FDI as well as other \"anti-people\" policies of the UPA. However, he also said that he did not want do things which could benefit \"communal forces\" -- political shorthand for persisting with the current arrangement.Interestingly, the motives behind the two parties' desire not to upset UPA's applecart at this juncture are different, even exclusive. Mayawati, despite having recovered from the drubbing in state polls, is keen to avert Lok Sabha polls until the goodwill for CM Akhilesh Yadav had soured. As against this, an early Lok Sabha poll suits Mulayam who will like to reap a good tally in order to play a bigger role at the Centre. He is sticking with UPA only because he does not see one happening immediately and does not want to be at the opposite end of the powers-that-be at the Centre.BSP has 21 MPs in the Lok Sabha while SP has 22 members.Mayawati is not in a position to capitalize on early polls, having been defeated by a resurgent SP in March. And on Tuesday, a little after she addressed the Lucknow rally on the occasion of Kanshi Ram's death anniversary, she received a blow when the Supreme Court clarified that it had not barred the CBI from pursuing the long-pending disproportionate assets case against her, provided it sought sanction from the state government.On Tuesday, the BSP chief said if there were positive results in favour of farmers and the poor, she may think of welcoming FDI but at present it appeared to be anti-people. The SP, on the other hand, has opposed FDI but has drawn a fine line, separating it from the question of supporting the UPA.\"I don't know what will happen tomorrow but as of date, SP is supporting UPA but opposing FDI,\" SP national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav said. Significantly, both the BSP and SP have attacked the Congress for the series of scams under UPA-2 but have been silent over corruption charges against Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra.Both BSP and SP had in 2009 given outside support to UPA to \"keep BJP at bay\" and the situation has not changed since then, observers said. However, Congress will find it impossible to please both as Mayawati wants promotion quota, something that Mulayam is dead against.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747447", "title": "School admissions only from January: Govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The department of public instruction has said that admission to schools for academic year 2013-14 should begin only in January. A detailed calendar of events will be notified separately.As per the announcement, all recognized private unaided or aided schools, irrespective of the boards they are affiliated to, will have to start the admission process only from January and shall admit children under the RTE quota at the entry level, that is Class I or pre-primary class.The notification was issued after it was observed that some private schools in the city and other places have already started admission process for academic year 2013-14 and are inviting applications online or otherwise.The notification said this amounts to clear violation of the provisions of RTE Act. Any admission made by any school before the department's notification of the calendar of events will become illegal and liable for cancellation.After the notification of the calendar of events, the schools should notify to the block education officer (BEO) concerned about the number of seats available with the school for admission to Class I or pre-school section. The BEO will calculate the total number of seats under the RTE quota school-wise and notify it through public display at prominent places. Aided schools should alert the BEO on the number of seats available from Classes I to VIII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16749433", "title": "Razzaq to consult lawyer before responding to PCB notice", "text": "LAHORE: Showcaused by the Pakistan Cricket Board, veteran all-rounder Abdul Razzaq said he would consult his lawyers before responding to the notice sent to him for criticising national team captain Mohammad Hafeez recently.The notice was given to Razzaq for criticising Hafeez after the team's semifinal ouster from the ICC World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka.Razzaq blamed Hafeez for dropping him for the semifinal and said the captain should have had the courage to admit this instead of shifting the blame on the team management.\"What Razzaq has done is a serious offence under the code of conduct and we have sent him a notice asking him to respond within seven days,\" a PCB official confirmed.The all-rounder's remarks indicated conflict within the team.\"I will see the showcause notice and consult with my lawyer before deciding on my future course of action,\" Razzaq said.\"I will be looking into my options before deciding what to do about the notice,\" he added.Razzaq does not feature in the PCB's list of centrally contracted players but an official said he was a signatory to the code of conduct and was bound by the rules.Meanwhile, another official close to the matter said a disciplinary hearing will be held if Razzaq fails to satisfy the PCB with his reply.The all-rounder reiterated that he remains disappointed at being dropped from the team for the semifinal and was upset at Hafeez who said that the decision to include Sohail Tanvir in his place was taken by the team management which wanted to play an extra bowler.A source close to the matter said as soon as the PCB Chairman returned home from Colombo, he would meet the manager and the coach to get their views before summoning Razzaq and Hafeez over the matter.\"The Chairman is not happy with this matter being made public,\" the source said.Razzaq, 32, has played 265 one-day internationals and 30 T20 matches for Pakistan.He has been in and out of the team for the last few years and has on many occasions voiced his disappointment with the selectors and management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16746974", "title": "SBI ladies\u2019 club donates computers to students", "text": "GUWAHATI: The State Bank of India Ladies Club, North Eastern Circle donated four computers to GNT Chinmaya Vidyalaya here to help the students avail the benefits of computer education.Reeta Agarwal, president of the SBI Ladies Club, NE Circle, handed over the computers to the students of the school in the presence of school principal C Champa Mahanta, the school's chief administrative officer Manoranjan Rath, club members Manju Dixit, Geeta Sinha and Basana Borah and students at a function held in the school.In her address, Agarwal said SBI Ladies Club has been rendering yeoman services to the people through donations to organizations, schools and old age homes from time to time. The school principal thanked the members of the club for their noble gesture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16744902", "title": "Duleep Trophy: North Zone in semifinals", "text": "CHENNAI: North Zone advanced to the Duleep Trophy semifinals on the basis of first innings lead, after their quarterfinal against West Zone ended in a draw at the Chidambaram Stadium here on Tuesday.North will take on Central in the last-four clash in Hyderabad from October 14-17, while South will lock horns with defending champions East in the other semifinal in Visakhapatnam on the same dates.Already assured of progressing in the premier inter-zonal competition after garnering a first innings lead of 320 runs, North, 30-0 overnight, declared their second essay at 208-7 about an hour before tea on the last day of the four-day contest to set West a target of 529.West were 69-2 in reply when play was called off, after North improved on their over rate by operating with spinners from either end.Earlier, West off-spinner Kamlesh Makvana took 5 for 80 for a match-haul of 10 for 220. This was the 29-year-old Saurashtra bowler's second 10-wicket haul in first-class cricket.Makvana and young Mumbai left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh struck in quick succession after North skipper and first-innings centurion, Shikhar Dhawan , hit a fifty, but the contest, nonetheless, was already meandering towards a draw.Dhawan reached his half-century mark with a handsome flick to the fence off pacer Abhishek Nayar before falling to Makvana for the second time in the match and in identical fashion.Score :North Zone (1st innings) 484; West Zone (1st innings) 164; North Zone (2nd innings, 30-0 overnight): R Dewan c Parthiv b Makvana 45, S Dhawan st Parthiv b Makvana 50, S Singh b Harmeet 28, N Saini c Makvana b Harmeet 18, M Sidhana b Makvana 13, P Dogra (n.o.) 36, A Mishra c Rahane b Makvana 3, R Dhawan st Parthiv b Makvana 10, V Mishra (n.o.) 0; Extras (b-1, lb-2, w-2) 5; Total (7 wkts decl, 67 overs) 208; FoW: 1-78, 2-111, 3-131, 4-148, 5-176, 6-188, 7-204; Bowling: S Fallah 11-3-25-0, M Vahora 6-2-17-0, A Nayar 9-1-31-0, K Makvana 23-2-80-5, Harmeet 14-2-41-2, K Jadhav 4-1-11-0West Zone (2nd innings): B Chauhan c Saini b A Mishra 20, K Pawar lbw V Mishra 20, A Rahane (n.o.) 15, C Pujara (n.o.) 10; Extras (nb-4) 4; Total (2 wkts, 29 overs) 69; FoW: 1-42, 2-42; Bowling: A Mishra 14-3-28-1, V Mishra 14-4-36-1, P Dogra 1-0-5-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16746780", "title": "Why VVS Laxman quit in a huff", "text": "The amicable VVS Laxman , who has always stayed away from controversies, dropped a bombshell by quitting in a huff even though he had been selected for the series against the Kiwis.Though he took great pains to downplay any 'foul play' in his decision, it became more than obvious that the wristy middle-order batsman was hurt deeply enough to continue being a part of the Indian dressing room to wait even for a proper farewell.Laxman, though, did give a hint that all was not well between him and skipper MS Dhoni when he remarked on the day of his retirement that \"it was difficult to get to Dhoni\".It is believed that Dhoni wanted Laxman to be eased out of the team before the England and Australia series later in the year.\"Laxman has always been a team man but the manner in which the issue was approached hurt him immensely.He was told that the two-Test series against New Zealand would be his last, but he was keen on playing against England and Australia. It hurt him really hard.He believed that he had done enough for the country to be able to decide when to quit,\" a source close to the player had remarked.Just before the opening Test in Hyderabad, Laxman choose not to invite Dhoni for a dinner at his new residence.He had invited Sachin Tendulkar , Virender Sehwag , Zahir Khan and Gautam Gambhir for the outing and also drove them to his home and dropped them back at the team hotel late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16744988", "title": "Kejriwal escalates attack on Robert Vadra-DLF-Haryana \u2018nexus\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday escalated his attack on Robert Vadra, releasing a new set to documents to allege a \"malafide nexus\" between Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law and DLF which was facilitated by concessions made by the Congress government in Haryana to the realty major.Kejriwal cited verdicts from the high court and produced farmers whose land was acquired by the Haryana government for DLF's benefit as he demanded an FIR against Vadra under the Prevention of Corruption Act and an independent probe under a retired SC judge.The activist tore into Vadra and DLF's claims that all their dealings were above board, while dropping a loud hint that he was preparing a list of similar nexus involving three other companies -- India Bulls, BPTP and GMR Group.Kejriwal demanded an explanation on five points -- land released in favour of DLF companies by Haryana government belonging to panchayat, government and HSIIDC, increased FAR and change in land use permissions granted to DLF companies. Addressing a press conference, Kejriwal rebutted DLF's denials to his previous set of charges and came up with fresh allegations to buttress his charge that the rise i n Vadra's fortune from a mere Rs 50 lakh to Rs 300 crore was actually the result of a quid pro quo between Vadra and the company, with Haryana government organizing benefits for the latter as part of the bargain. Kejriwal accused the Haryana government led by Bhupinder Singh Hooda of acting like a \"DLF agent\".Haryana government and DLF dismissed the charges, while Congress angrily responded to the fresh tranche of allegations against Vadra by accusing Kejriwal of resorting to gimmicks for the sake of publicity.Mocking Union ministers P Chidambaram , Salman Khurshid and Veerappa Moily for their defence of Vadra, Kejriwal pointed out that in 2007, Haryana government handed over 30 acres of land it had acquired for a hospital to DLF for its SEZ venture. He noted that Vadra's company, North India IT Parks, acquired 50% stake in DLF SEZ Holdings. The acquisition was stayed by the Punjab and Haryana High Court which made scathing observations against the government for acquiring land for \"colourable purpose\" and for \"showering favours\" on DLF on the \"pretext of public purpose\".  Citing another instance of alleged collusion between Haryana government and DLF, Kejriwal said the Hooda government forced farmers around Manesar to resort to distress sale of their land after creating a scare that government was about to acquire it.\"Word was spread that government was set to acquire land at the rate of Rs 12 lakh per acre. Simultaneously, six private companies which were fronts for DLF arrived on the scene offering a higher rate -- Rs 20 lakh per acre. Though this was well below the market rate, farmers fell for the bait. Those who resisted were served with acquisition notices under Section 9 of the Land Acquisition Act. The acquisition order was cancelled as soon as all the land had gone to the companies. Soon, DLF got the licence,\" Kejriwal alleged, stressing that the court has restrained DLF from undertaking further development.The activist also gave the example of how the Haryana government rigged bidding terms to favour DLF with the project for developing and maintaining a 350-acre golf course. He said that at the time of evaluation of bid, the criteria was modified to include \"experience\" in developing a golf course. Kejriwal said this was tailor made for DLF and resulted in the ouster of the two other contenders -- Unitech and Country Heights -- although they were ready to pay more to the exchequer.He also said the Haryana government took upon itself the responsibility of acquiring all necessary permissions from the Centre: something that showed its anxiety to go an extra mile for DLF and contradicted the claim of DLF and Haryana government of an \"arms length\" business relationship.In another instance of \"quid pro quo\", the anti-graft campaigner said the Haryana government increased the population density for Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex plan 2031 from 250 to 625 persons per hectare. This was meant primarily to benefit DLF's Phase V project, Kejriwal said.Rebutting denials issued by DLF, Kejriwal said documents submitted by Vadra admitted that he received an unsecured loan of Rs 65 crore. \"Is it normal business practice to give an advance of 90% of the amount of transaction and let it remain with the seller for more than two years without even bothering to take possession of the land?\"The activist also challenged DLF's claim that it had sold the Aralias penthouse for Rs 11 crore. \"The value for Aralias apartment was Rs 89 lakh in 2009-2010 and suddenly it becomes Rs 10.4 crore in 2010-2011,\" he said, quoting balance sheets. On the seven Magnolia apartments, Kejriwal said while DLF claimed that it sold each flat for Rs 5 crore, Vadra's balance sheets said that he got all seven in the complex for that amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16746720", "title": "Team Kejriwal should refrain from marketing gimmick", "text": "Whatever the merits of the specific allegations Arvind Kejriwal and IAC have levelled against Robert Vadra most recently and others in the past, it must be acknowledged that they have helped bring the issue of corruption to centre stage. They are also promising to break the cosy arrangements that often exist between political rivals on such issues. However, it would be best if they avoided the kind of grandstanding they are now indulging in. If they have serious charges against a \"top political leader\", as they say they have, why wait for a couple of days to reveal them? If they feel they have real solid evidence, they should reveal it without any further delay, else they should refrain from what smacks of a marketing gimmick.Related story:  Kejriwal escalates attack on Vadra-DLF-Haryana 'nexus'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746549", "title": "Indore sees sharp rise in teen pregnancy", "text": "INDORE: It is indeed an unwelcome trend. Number of teenaged pregnancies is growing sharply in the city. Even sales of contraceptive pills, sold over the counter, are on the rise.Medical practitioners say that it is high time action is taken to put the house in order.Director Bhandari Hospital and Research Centre and a gynaecologist, Dr Shilpa Bhandari, said, \"In the past decade the rate of pre-marital sex and resulting pregnancies has risen. We see a large number of such patients these days than some five years back\".Sexologist Dr Mahesh Nawal said that the number of unmarried teenage pregnancies is around 30-40% which was barely 10% a decade back.He said, sales of contraceptive pills has increased in the city by almost 200% in past four years. People are using them without consulting the doctors. I have come across patients who use the pills twice a week which is its sheer misuse\".Though awareness about contraceptives has increased, youngsters are popping the pill without its proper knowledge. Dr Bhandari said, \"People lack awareness about use of contraception due to lack of dialogue between parents, teachers and peer group.\" Though such pregnancies can be dealt with medication abortion, chances of sexually acquired infections such as HIV are alarming and increasing, she added.National convenor and joint secretary of Adolescent Health Academy, Dr Rajiv Mohta said, \"Many factors including poverty, lack of education, disintegration of joint family, peer pressure and media exposure cause the increasing number of teenage pregnancies.\"Dr J S Tuteja, consultant, teenagers and children problem said, \"One can't stop the young from behaving in a certain way, indulging in certain behavior or contain their curiosity. As counsellor, we can help in letting them make an informed choice. Several aspects of female health, like reproductive and sexual health, are not discussed even among the closest friends.But if the girls know that they can talk to someone about all this and help them arrive at the right conclusion without the fear of being judged, many of the problems will be solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16747633", "title": "Let MLAs not control our transfers: Teachers", "text": "PANAJI: The recent transfer of 24 government teachers in the mid-academic year, and the directorate of education's transfer policy which supports such a move, have left teachers across the state agitated.Teachers and educationists have come down heavily against the existing transfer policy which allows teachers to be transferred based on an MLA's complaint.Educationists believe that allowing political interference will lead to insecurity among teachers and directly affect the quality of education. The member of the Goa State Integrated Education Council said that the Manohar Parrikar government is contradicting itself by continuing with the 2008 transfer policy.\"Parrikar earlier announced that teachers who retire mid-academic year will be allowed to continue till the academic year ends so that teaching does not suffer. MLAs' complaints being considered for teacher transfers is a contradictory move. It is hazardous to the education system and will create a feeling of insecurity among teachers. It's like a sword hanging over their necks,\" Gauns said.The All-Goa Secondary School Teachers' Association (AGSSTA) has demanded that the clause that allows MLAs' interference be struck out from the transfer policy. \"Such a policy is completely wrong. The clause should be struck out and the state should study central government guidelines followed for teacher transfers and shape its policy on the same lines. Teachers should not be made scapegoats. I agree that there needs to be some discretionary power but this should be with the director of education and should be used judiciously,\" AGSSTA president Vithoba Desai said.Desai said that teachers should not be transferred after shift of political power.Chairman of Nirakar Education Society and member of Konkani Bhasha Mandal, Prashant Naik , said, \"Those in government service should be prepared for transfers as these are transferable jobs. But I strongly feel that teachers should not be transferred mid-academic year as it is the one managing the school who finds himself in a fix as he has to deal with constant transfers. Many a times, students are also tuned in to a particular teacher.\"He said that MLAs cannot be authorities to recommend disciplinary action against teachers. \"These transfers will turn out to be more political than serve the purpose of disciplinary action. The education officers at the district, zonal and state level who are the reviewing authorities of teachers' work should recommend the transfers. Parent teacher associations should be given a say as they have been handed a major role under the new Right to Education Act,\" Naik said. Former head of association of government primary teachers and GPS Curti headmaster K Kavlekar said that parent, community views should be taken when effecting transfers in government schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16747287", "title": "SP orders FIR against mayor", "text": "PATNA: The Patna SP on Tuesday ordered an FIR to be lodged against mayor Afzal Imam for allegedly threatening and abusing a girl and her mother in a property dispute case.The girl, Goldy, a resident of Patna's Sabzibagh area in her complaint alleged the mayor on Monday forcibly entered her house with six of his associates and threatened the family to vacate the premises.\"Close associates of the mayor have encroached the first floor of our house and use it for illegal activities,\" she said, adding the family has won two cases against the mayor but he was not abiding by the order.\"When my mother told him to leave the place, he started abusing us,\" alleged Goldy, adding the mayor also outraged her modesty and threatened to kill her brothers.\"I rubbish the allegations. I went to the house two years ago to settle a property dispute, since then I have never been there,\" said Imam.SP Jayant Kant said, \"The family and the mayor had a civil dispute. Goldy alleged the mayor tried to outrage her modesty. That's why I have ordered the police station to lodge an FIR in this connection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "16747379", "title": "Despite Sonia rebuff, khaps firm on marriageable age issue", "text": "JIND: Unperturbed by UPA chief and Congress president Sonia Gandhi's rejection of Haryana khap leaders' suggestion about lowering the marriageable age of girls as a solution to rape incidents, the khap panchayat has decided to call a meeting to raise the issue formally at a public platform on October 13 in Sonipat.Sube Singh Samain, khap mahapanchayat spokesperson, told TOI on Tuesday that a core group of mahapanchayat -- a conglomeration of over 100 khaps in Haryana -- met at Gohana town on Tuesday, which decided to take up the issue in its next meeting in Sonipat.\"The khap will try to evolve a consensus. We are not imposing any decision on anybody. It's a practical observation based on the situation prevailing in our society,\" he said.In another controversial statement, Samain said that since around 90% of rape cases being reported had girls in the 15-21 age group, it strengthens their belief that girls are attaining adulthood earlier due to exposure to television and changed food habits. \"In most cases, it's consensual sex between adults, which later turn into rape cases after some disagreement or revelation, resulting in victimization of innocent persons,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "16745256", "title": "Aman ki Asha series: Pakistan hope to level series", "text": "ATTARI: A 29-member delegation of physically challenged cricket players and officials from Pakistan arrived in India via the Attari border on Tuesday to play the Aman ki Asha series with their Indian counterparts.The teams will play three one-dayers and a T20 match in Faridabad between from October 11 to 15.Pakistan had organized the previous series in Islamabad in June this year with the Indian team winning all the matches.\"People of both nations still baulk at the thought of visiting one other despite many measures taken by the governments.We need to get rid of this fear and that can only be possible with regular interaction and other activities like holding more cricket matches,\" Abbas Hashmi, Pakistan Cricket Association for Physically Handicapped chairman, said.Team manager Nasir Mehmood said the players had special abilities and would exhibit them in their matches with the Indian team. \"The boys have been given extensive training and hopefully they will win matches this time,\" he said.Team captain Mohammad Fayaz said his team would try its best to level the series with India. \"We are here to level the series and we will do it.Our performance will be better this time,\" said Fayaz. Aman ki Asha is a campaign for promoting peace between India and Pakistan and is a joint initiative of The Times of India Group and the Jang Group of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746012", "title": "BEST bus rides may get dearer from April", "text": "MUMBAI: Burdened by frequent hikes in taxi and autorickshaw fares, Mumbaikars can expect another jolt next April when BEST makes travelling by its buses costlier.The undertaking, while presenting its budget proposals for 2013-14 on Tuesday, recommended a hike of Re 1 for ordinary and Rs 5 and above for AC buses. The fares, incidentally, were revised by up to 50% last April.Justifying the hikes, BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said these would help the loss-making transport undertaking earn profits. \"We are expected to break even by March and have surplus revenue by 2014,\"he added. Gupta presented a surplus budget estimate of Rs 56.04 crore for 2013-14. \"It is perhaps for the first time in 10 years that we are presenting a surplus budget.\"Gupta said the administration did not hike bus fares despite the recent increase in diesel prices. \"Besides, the proposed Re-1 hike is only for the first two slabs of 2km and 3km,\" he added. While the minimum fare of Rs 5 (2km) is proposed to be increased to Rs 6 for ordinary buses, the cost of a 3km journey may go up from Rs 7 to Rs 8. Besides, the fares for AC buses will be hiked by a minimum of Rs 5 and can exceed Rs 20 for distances of over 25 km. The rates of passes, too, are likely to be increased. (See box)The proposals will be discussed in November and the final approval will be given only in January-February 2013.Committee member Ravi Raja (Congress) criticized the budget, calling it \"anti-commuter\". \"The GM is only projecting a feel-good factor that BEST will soon earn profits for the first time in a decade. But he is taking money out of the pockets of commuters to curb losses. You can earn more revenue through sources such as advertising, leasing out BEST plots for commercial use, etc,\" he said.Another committee member, Sunil Ganacharya, said 70% of the passengers travelled short distances (up to 3km). \"Such commuters will be burdened by the Re-1 increase. We have to examine if the hike is necessary before clearing it at the committee meeting,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747328", "title": "Waste to energy is all hot air", "text": "BANGALORE: Waste-to-energy conversion, BBMP's sales pitch for its solid waste management, is all humbug. That's the view of waste management expert Almitra H Patel, incidentally a resource person in the civic body's plans.At a seminar on 'Solid waste management, a perspective towards cleaner city', organized by the state government here on Tuesday, she said: \"No waste-to-energy plant in India has worked successfully so far. Foreign technologies cannot blindly be made to work here. Waste in foreign countries will not have much wet and organic component (16%-24 %) and organic component like that of India (60%-80 %). There is no surplus energy in this matter.\"Patel pointed out that municipal solid waste cannot even be incinerated as per a 2004 SAARC regulation.\"Many companies which started waste-to-energy plants in different Indian cities ran away with bank loans, leaving projects incomplete. Don't mix waste is my thumb rule. Dry waste can be recycled and wet waste turned into biogas or composted for use in parks and green spaces on medians,\" she said.The workshop was organised to educate commissioners and environmental engineers of urban local self-governments.'Clean Mavallipura'Patel said biomining is the best method to close down the Mavallipura landfill, through which methane and sulphur gas can be trapped, bringing down the volume of the dump.\"Though Gorai landfill in Mumbai is now a football stadium now, the right process has not been followed. Trapped gaseous element will come out. At Mavallipura, BBMP can make ways to collect leachate and inject it back into garbage heaps so that its concentration comes down. Leachate is basically a microbe soup,\" she added.Patel said the Malleswaram organic waste converter has not implemented bioculture technology properly.\"We're only good at making capital investments but hopeless at maintaining machines. There is a proper way to stir the shredded organic waste. The worker was not stirring the container that collects powdered organic waste. That's why the unit stinks and attracts flies. Such units can be completely odour-free,\" she added.Making of the crisisThe ongoing garbage crisis was due to lack of implementation of well-framed laws already in place.\"The public are equally responsible, as they have treated garbage casually. We have problems in all four stages -- collection, transport, storage and disposal,\" A Ravindra, advisor to the chief minister on urban affairs, said.On manipulation by contractors, Ashish Deosthali, executive director, All India Institute of Local Self-Government, said water and mud is used to increase the weight of trucks. \"I've seen how contractors add water to garbage trucks to increase the net weight to get more money. In some cases, mud is first loaded on to trucks and then garbage put in just to increase the number of trucks carrying garbage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16746906", "title": "State highways' quality flies over global standard", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In its latest report, the Independent Evaluation Group (IEG) of the World Bank has said that Gujarat state highways' International Roughness Index (IRI) - the commonly used method worldwide for evaluating quality of road - is better than the internationally desirable level.Saying that it is \"less than 4 metres per km\", the study adds, prior to 2000, when the Bank began funding 16 state highway projects, the IRI was quite bad, ranging between 6 metres per km to 20 metres per km. Called \"Project Performance Assessment Report: India\", it was prepared in June 2012 and released this month.The report says, on completion of the project in 2007, things began to improve, and between October 2011 and February 2012, when the IEG studied the roads, IRI was better than the internationally desirable level of 4 metres per km in 13 out of 16 state highways. The three highways that failed to meet international standards were Vadodara-Padra-Jambusar (4.18 metres per km), Halol-Godhra (4.24) and Bharuch-Dahej (4.02). Giving full marks to the state roads and buildings (R&B;) department for this, the study says, it \"managed the project in a professional manner.\"Praising state highways maintenance, the study says, \"The administrative cost in the capital maintenance and maintenance budget was reduced by almost half from 30 per cent at project approval to 15.7 per cent on project completion, The figure for 2011 shows a further decrease to 11.5 per cent, indicating an impressive and continued improvement beyond the project.\" The \"maintenance backlog\" in these years went down from 10,000 km when the project began to 1,290 km in 2011.Based on its evaluation, the report, which also compares Gujarat state highways with that of Karnataka, has rated \"implementation completion and results\" of the Gujarat state highways as \"highly satisfactory\" as against Karnataka's merely \"satisfactory\". This, it believes, has happened because Gujarat has been a \"pioneer\" in pursuing economic reforms not just in the roads sector but also in fiscal policy, power, and education, and private sector participation in infrastructure.This is the third Bank report in three years in praise of state highways. The first one, in August 2010, \"Good Governance in Highway Sector: Learning from Gujarat\", said the \"exemplary\" reforms in Gujarat's roads sector should be replicated by other states. The second one, a year later, \"Lessons from International Experience: Road Asset Management\", prepared for the Planning Commission of the Government of India, took almost the same view, adding, reforms in the state roads sector come \"closer to international standards\" and these could be followed by other developing countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746109", "title": "'Hakeem panel report is Mumbai-centric'", "text": "PUNE: The Rickshaw Panchayat, one of the main autorickshaw unions here, has criticized the state government and the Hakeem committee report, saying that the issues that have been considered only concern autorickshaw services in Mumbai.The Panchayat has said the recommendations of the committee are not beneficial to autorickshaw drivers in other parts of the state and will have a long-term impact on autorickshaw services and the drivers.Last week, the state government accepted the recommendations of the P M A Hakeem committee, which it had appointed to determine auto and taxi fare structure for the state.Members of the Panchayat held a meeting chaired by Panchayat president and social activist Baba Adhav on Sunday to debate over the recommendations and the action taken by the government.Convener of the Panchayat Nitin Pawar said the government, while accepting the recommendations, has left out the points that would have benefitted auto drivers in the state. Pawar said the Hakeem committee report is Mumbai-centric and has overlooked issues concerning autorickshaw services in other cities and towns in the state. Moreover, the panel has linked the fare structure to the cost of fuel, something that the Panchayat has been opposing.Pawar also said, \"We have been consistently demanding that autorickshaw drivers should get the status of public servants. Auto drivers should be able to earn a living like any public bus transport driver. The committee has not considered our demand.\"The state government, Pawar said, had also announced that a welfare board will be formed to provide social security to autorickshaw drivers. However, the committee has recommended that social security to auto drivers should be provided under the unorganized Social Security Act 2008.Meanwhile, the state transport department has said that autorickshaw and taxi drivers will not face any loss because of the acceptance of Hakeem committee recommendations. \"Auto drivers will be able to get an increased income. At the same time, passengers will also be able to travel at low-cost fares. The state transport department has decided to encourage share-an-auto scheme to increase the mobility of people and also help reduce environmental pollution,\" a statement issued by the transport department said.The transport department said that earlier the fare structure for autorickshaws had the first stage as 1.6 km (the minimum fare that passengers had to pay). This has been revised and the local transport authority will decide it as between 1 km and 1.5 km. An official from the regional transport office said that the first stage for autorickshaws in Pune is already fixed at 1 km and the transport authority will decide on any demand made by autorickshaw unions about increase in fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16747022", "title": "Dima Halom Daogah factions set to fight for control over new council", "text": "GUWAHATI: Monday's tripartite agreement among the two factions of the Dima Halom Daogah (DHD) \u2014 DHD (Nunisa) and DHD (Jewel) \u2014 the Centre and the state government is aimed at bringing back peace in the troubled hill district of Dima Hasao. But security agencies think the rivalry between the two factions, which has been one of the causes of bloodshed, is unlikely to subside.\"The rivalry will not go away. The two factions will now be fighting each other to take control of the autonomous council,\" a source said.Security agencies are also critical of militant outfits like DHD (Jewel) \u2014 which has been charged by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) and the CBI of siphoning off development funds to buy weapons and stage war against the country \u2014 now seeking general amnesty by signing peace accords. \"Peace talks are an effective way for militants to getting out of legal entanglements and this has been the case with many militant outfits in peace process,\" the source added.Security agencies also pointed out that a third factor that has a major stake in maintaining peace in the hill district. \"One-third of the population of Dima Hasao district comprises non-Dimasa tribal groups, which include Nagas, Kukis and Hmars, principally. All these groups owe allegiance to different militant groups like NSCN, Kuki and Hmar outfits. The memorandum of settlement (MoS) provides for equal benefits to the non-Dimasa tribal groups,\" the source said.In the past, the district has seen several bloody ethnic clashes between the various tribal groups residing here. Considering the delicate situation in the district, the MoS has made adequate provisions to keep all sides well balanced.According to the MoS signed with both the DHD factions, the Rs 200-cr economic package announced will benefit all the communities in the district while increase in the strength of the territorial council will ensure suitable representation of all sections. Besides, the provision for setting up village-level councils for devolution of powers to the grassroots will benefit the non-Dimasa tribals as much as the Dimasas. The MoS specifically states that the heritage sites of non-Dimasa indigenous tribals are to be preserved and maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16746299", "title": "Come up with a medium-term plan", "text": "We have been given to understand that there's no permanent solution to the problem till the government decides on a flyover in the area. The ridiculous implication is residents of the area and motorists using one of the island city's arterial roads will have to go on suffering till multiple government agencies come to a decision on a contentious flyover. We think this is unacceptable. The BMC should come up with a medium-term plan to ensure Pedder Road does not cave in once every one-and-a-half months.Related story:  Portion of Pedder Road caves in for 3rd time in four months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16747677", "title": "Now, a clinic to help you have a good night's sleep", "text": "COIMBATORE: Suffering from lack of sleep? There is help at hand. A full-time centre to treat sleep disorders has just started at the PSG Institute of Medical Sciences and Research in the city. \"All sleep related disorders can be treated here,\" says Dr R M P L Ramanathan, director of the centre.But how serious is the problem? Doctors say over 30% of residents in a city generally suffer from sleep disorders. However, none has done a study yet on Coimbatore's population.\"Sleep disorder is a serious matter which requires a combined approach of different specialties. Specialists in Ear Nose and Throat (ENT), pulmonary medicine, psychiatry and psychology, neurology as well as nutritionists depending on such cases,\" says Ramanathan. Patients complaining of sleep disorder are put through various tests and based on the results, (s)he will be treated or referred to the appropriate specialist. \"The centre is also for those who need sleeping pills to get some sleep,\" he said. Treatment will be offered to those with problems like snoring and breathing, says Ramanathan.According to doctors, most sleep disorders are the outcome of unhealthy lifestyle or physical problems. \"Snoring is a result of blocked air in the throat during sleep. This can be due to several reasons. Obese people develop snoring as fat accumulates in the throat. For the rest, it may be due to lack of sound sleep or unhealthy lifestyle,\" Ramanathan adds. \"Sleeping on time and waking up can be the major factor. Moreover, a healthy and balanced diet are also factors needed to be taken care of,\" he says.Nutritionists say there must be a gap between food and sleep. \"Food must be had one hour before sleep,\" says Dr S Radhai Sri, an associate professor at the department of nutrition in a prominent city college. Spicy and fatty food must be avoided for dinner.Finally, a sound sleep is the prerequisite for avoiding sleep-related problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747406", "title": "Wanted: 1 lakh psychiatrists", "text": "BANGALORE: Psychiatry must be included in the MBBS syllabus, said experts on the eve of World Mental Health Day.At a discussion on 'Depression: A Global Crisis' organized at the Bangalore Medical College and Research Institute by the Karnataka State Mental Health Association, Justice N Kumar of the Karnataka High Court said: \"We need at least 1 lakh psychiatrists in India. The government must take steps to include psychiatry as a subject in the MBBS syllabus; at least one semester would be enough. If depression is treated with professional care, patients will not hesitate to come forward to seek treatment.\"M Madam Goal, principal secretary, department of health and family welfare and chairman, Karnataka State Mental Health Authority, advocated professional support for treatment of depression and mental illness.\"We require trained professionals to help cure mental illness. For this, we need to integrate mental healthcare into public healthcare. We need to create trained professionals, who can handle mental healthcare at Primary Health Centers as depression is highly prevalent in rural areas. MBBS doctors, counselors, nurses, etc can be trained. Institutes like Nathans and other medical colleges must design special courses for mental health treatment,\" said Madam Goal.Dr BN Magadha, professor, department of psychiatry, Nathans, said the government must set up more institutes to treat mental illness. Karnataka has just two government institutes - Nimhans and Dharwad Mental Institute -- to treat mental illness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747458", "title": "Zadipatti artists graduate to silver screen", "text": "NAGPUR: Encouraged by the stupendous response that zadipatti theatre gets, four artists associated with this theatre have made a film with actors popular on the circuit. The film 'Soon Sambhala Patlinbai' will be releasing in theatres across Maharashtra on October 19 and at Laxmi cinema in Nagpur. It will also be shown during the jatras, starting with the one at Devalgaon.Devendra Lute, writer and director of the film, says that this is an effort to provide a platform to extremely talented actors and filmmakers of this region. \"I have seen talented actors from Vidarbha struggle in Mumbai and do tiny roles in films. This film showcases their talent, as it is a fully local product,\" said Lute while interacting with the media on Tuesday. The actors, Seema Godbole, Sadanand Borkar, Pooja Bansod, Narendra Shinde and Madhu Joshi, are all famous artists of Zadipatti theatre.Made on a budget of Rs50 lakh, the film is set in a rural backdrop and addresses the plight of rural women. \"Our target audience is people who live in villages and so the story is also about a rural family and their issues. The dialect used in the film is the one spoken in rural areas,\" informs Lute.Shot in the villages Gurnoli, Maldongri and Kuhi in Gadhchiroli, Chandrapur and Nagpur districts, the film has also been edited and filmed by a local crew. \"Shailesh Tijare has a modern editing studio in Nagpur and this film has been edited there. Even the equipment for the film has been procured locally,\" Lute said.\"Unlike any previous efforts, which may not have been very up to the mark, this is a quality film in terms of technical finesse, direction and acting,\" said Ramesh Lakhmapure, co-director of the film, adding that if the film gets a good response from viewers they would be making more such films over the next five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16746935", "title": "New state policy to protect RTI activists", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has notified its policy to provide security cover to whistle-blowers and RTI activists in the state. The new initiative covers not just RTI activists and whistleblowers, but also extends state security to witnesses and complainants involved in 'serious cases' and litigations.\"Any activist or witness, who thinks his life is in danger due to his involvement in a case, can submit an application to the district-level committee through the commissioner of police or the district superintendent of police concerned,\" said a state government official.The committee will then be conducting an inquiry and establishing the level of threat perception. \"Local police and the CID branch will get involved in this inquiry. After assessing the case, if the committee feels that the threat perception is high, security shall be provided to the applicant,\" he said. The quantum and type of security would be decided by the district superintendent of police, and according to officials, the whole process should not take more than one week.If the district committee decides against granting security cover to an applicant, the threat level assessment report of that case will be forwarded to the state-level committee, which will then take a decision in its own capacity. A special cell is also being set up to handle and process such applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16747161", "title": "Rampaging elephants ruin crops near Palamu", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Rampaging herds of elephants have damaged standing maize and paddy crop on 93 acres and six decimals of land at Akhra village under Betla range. Forester Jawahar Lal Singh said elephants have raiding the area since the second week of August and the destruction is likely to continue until harvest time. In Kolpurwa and Pokhree, standing crops spread over more than 28 acres have been destroyed, admitted the forester.Premjit Anand, conservator of the core Palamu Tiger Reserve, said the state government had hiked the compensation for crop damaging from Rs 2,500 to Rs 3,000 per hectare. However, the procedure for getting compensation is tedious as the farmers first have to obtain a paper from the circle officer (CO) with regard to his field and then an assessment of the damages caused by the elephants is made. It takes time in settling the compensation and this further enhances the bitterness among the aggrieved farmers.Kuchla-Bawagarha is another village where crops have been destroyed by elephants on more than 13 acres of land, said Project Elephant steering committee member D S Srivastava. He said crop raiding by elephants here can be minimized on the pattern of Gorumara sanctuary which is situated near Bhutan . Srivastava said at Gorumara, the local residents have a great say in the management of the sanctuary there and thus the locals know how to contain the menace of elephant assault on their standing crops.Here at PTR, the locals have been kept at an arms length by the officials and the forest department which has widened the gap between the officials and locals in the upkeep of the PTR. Shafique and Abbas, two farmers of Akhra whose crops have been destroyed by elephants, approached the Betla Forest Range office for compensation. Nandeo Mochi and Wazeer Miyan are two other farmers of Kolpurwa and Pokhree villages where the elephants have caused damage to the standing crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746492", "title": "Witnesses retract, add to confusion", "text": "INDORE: Inconsistency in the statements of witnesses to IPS Narendra Kumar murder case continued during the trial of the case in Special CBI Court. On Monday, the driver of slain IPS Narendra Kumar, Rishab Karare and ASI Panna Lal of Barmore police station who had registered FIR in the case gave their statements in court. Once again statement of Rishab Karare was different from his earlier statements.Till now, two body guards of the IPS-- Chandrapal Singh and Ratan Yadav and constable Rajkumar gave different statements regarding the event. And prime eye witness Dilip Shivhare had turned hostile. Dilip Shivhare had said in the court on September 27 that he was not present at the time of incidence and he became eye witness after being threatened by TI Raghuvanshi of Bamore police station. Adv Mahendra Morya, lawyer of sole accused Manoj Gujjar said that driver of slain IPS Narendra Kumar, Rishab had said in his earlier statement (given to local police) that IPS stepped down from the vehicle to stop the tractor trolley and went behind it. When he reached at the spot, slain IPS was lying on ground with mark of tractor trolley's tyre on his body. However, CBI chargesheet has quoted Rishab saying that slain IPS chased the tractor trolley and climbed over it. Meanwhile, IPS was kicked by tractor driver in his stomach and he came under the wheel.\"When I quizzed Rishab about the difference in statements, he refused to say anything,\" said advocate Morya adding that on Monday Rishab said in court that they had handed over the accused tractor driver to police at the spot. However, two other eye-witnesses (gunners of slain IPS) had said that they were taking accused to police station when they met a constable from Bamore police station and there only they handed over accused to local police.Adv Morya said that there is a variation in statement of every witness and there is variation in what they have said to local police, CBI and the court. All these indicate that there are several loopholes in the investigation of CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16745505", "title": "Race is on to gain political mileage out of water issue", "text": "MYSORE: Despite Mandya Raitha Hita Rakshana Samiti (MRHRS) spearheading the Cauvery agitation keeping politicians at bay, political parties seem to be competing with each other to draw mileage out of the decision taken by the state government to stop release of water to Tamil Nadu.Every politician of a mainstream political party is directly or indirectly involved in this rat race with an eye on the ensuing assembly elections.The Congress, which was at the receiving end following the Cauvery River Authority's decision headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, on Monday was in a salvaging mode.\"It was the failure of the BJP government and the chief minister to present the facts of the case in the right perspective that made CRA to direct the state to release water. The Congress has nothing to do with it,\" Congress MLA Suresh Gowda claimed.However, the JD(S) which has a strong base in the region, particularly the district where it has won 4 out of 7 assembly seats in 2008, is not lagging behind in claiming credit for the PM sending an expert team to asses the situation.\"It is because of the efforts of (former prime minister) H D Deve Gowda who met the PM and legal experts to convince them of the grim situation on the water front. This made the PM to send an engineers' team to take stock of the water storage in dams and crop situation in catchment areas of TN and Karnataka,\" JD(S) legislators M Srinivasa from Mandya reasoned out, holding the Congress responsible for water release.However, the BJP, which has the least political stakes in the issue due to its lack of political base in Cauvery delta, refused to admit that the Jagadish Shettar-led government has bungled the issue.\" The CM boycotted the CRA meeting, but released water at the behest of the Supreme Court and stopped it after submitting a review petition,\" S P Mahesh, district BJP president, said. As a ruling party, the BJP acted responsibly, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16744812", "title": "Youth National Basketball: Pooja lifts MP past Punjab", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, Madhya Pradesh captain Pooja Laddha made her presence felt albeit a bit late, but she came out triumphant when it mattered the most.Riding high on home conditions, the power forward fired a tournament-high 41 points and pulled down 20 rebounds to lead Madhya Pradesh to the last eight with a 78-70 win over Punjab in an over-time (OT) thriller in the 29th Youth Nationals Basketball Championship here on Tuesday.While the championship saw its first game being played in OT, home team kept its cool in the crucial stage to post their third victory on the trot at the Emerald Heights International School.Although there was strong wind and heavy rain evening session, they failed to dampen the spirit with which Pooja played.For starters, Madhya Pradesh lost the opening quarter 13-15 but brought parity at the breather by winning the second 17-15.The second half too remained on equal terms with the hosts taking the third period 18-16 while going down 12-14 in the last as both teams finished with 60 points each in the regulation time.With an aggressive mindset Madhya Pradesh dominated the five minutes of extra quarter, winning 18-10 to clinch the issue 78-70.Apart from Pooja's superb show, Monal Singh netted 18 points for the winners while Samriti Kaur and Kulwinder Kaur contributed 25 and 16 points respectively for Punjab.Holders in both the boys and girls section sailed smoothly to the quarterfinals with facile victories. While Delhi boys outclassed Uttar Pradesh 76-40, Kerala girls too had a comfortable 59-21 victory over Uttar Pradesh.Meanwhile, Maharashtra girls, led by the 27-point effort of Shruthi Menon, defeated Karnataka 69-54. In an interesting boys section game that went right down to the wires, Haryana defeated Tamil Nadu by a solitary point, winning 79-78.ResultsGirls : Maharashtra (Shruti Menon 27, Ishwari Pingle 16, Tanvi Dabhade 10) bt Karnataka (Ms Supriya 25, CP Yashashwani 17) 69-54 (19-15,13-7, 17-20, 20-12; Kerala (Vimala 21, V Joseph 14) bt Uttar Pradesh (Supriya Sharma 7) 59-21 (19-4, 15-5, 17-5, 8-7); Madhya Pradesh (Pooja Laddha 41, Monal Singh 18) bt Punjab (Samriti 25, Sandeep Kaur) 78-70 (13-15, 17-15, 18-16, 12-14, OT 18-10); Tamil Nadu (R Sharmila 10, Akshaya Adka 9) bt West Bengal (Madhumita Parmanik 14, Paulami Chatterjee 10) 66-29 (27-6, 11-4, 15-8, 13-11)Boys : Haryana (Rahul Sharma 35, M Himanshu 26) bt Tamil Nadu (Diah Gabreil Jedi 19, Mutthu Kumar 16) 79-78 (23-17, 12-17, 17-18, 27-26); Rajasthan (Divij Sharma 27, Anmol Chopra 23, Shivang Shingal 15, Devender Khatik 15) bt Andhra Pradesh (A Pradhvishwar Reddy 29, David Boon 22) 92-83 ( 18-16, 19-15, 31-30, 24-22); Delhi (Naender Singh 16, Vikas Kumar 15) bt Uttar Pradesh (Rudprakash Pandey 9, Ashutosh Singh 7) 76-40 (25-13, 29-9, 15-10, 7-8); Punjab (Sameer Sen 15, Hemant Sabarwal 12) bt Chhattisgarh (Rajat Shrivastava 15, Saif Hashmni 13) 65-54 (12-15, 11-16, 18-17, 24-6)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16745683", "title": "Sagara Haram: 39 cases booked", "text": "Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma has said they have booked 39 cases with regard to the violence during Telangana Joint Action Committee's 'Sagara Haram' protest held at Necklace Road on September 30. The commissioner along with other senior police officers attended a review meeting by home minister Sabita Indra Reddy on Sagara Haram-related cases at her chambers at the Secretariat on Tuesday.Talking to reporters at the Secretariat, Sharma said all cases were being investigated by the Special Investigation Team formed with the officials of Central Crime Station. \"We are gathering video and photographic evidence pertaining to all the cases,\" he added. The commissioner, however, did not respond to a query on whether cases were booked against state government employees. Later in the evening, responding to the same question, home minister Sabita Indra Reddy told TOI that, \"Cases were booked in relation to property damage and other issues during 'Sagara Haram' protest. I have called the meeting to review all these cases and the accused are yet to be identified.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747429", "title": "Cabinet reviews crop situation", "text": "NAGPUR: As per the latest review of the rainfall and agricultural situation undertaken by the state cabinet on Tuesday, the state has received a good rainfall of 94% of the average, totalling 1126mm. Except for districts of Bhandara, Gondia in Vidarbha and Dhue, Nandurbar, Jalgaon districts, the rains have been widespread.As a result, farming operations picked up satisfactorily and the overall sowing area this year - 133 lakh hectares - was 101% of the average large under cultivation in a kharif season. The cabinet was also briefed about good crop growth of paddy, jowar, bajra, soyabean, cotton as well as groundnut.Of the 355 talukas, only 18 recorded between 25 and 50% of rains while 74 talukas got between 50 to 75% of rainfall. As many as 145 talukas received between 75 and 100% rains while 118 talukas in the state recorded more than 100% rains this year, the cabinet was informed. In Vidarbha the only districts that got less than 100% rains are Buldhana, Wardha and Gondia.Farm observers from the region said except for damage by excessive rains in some parts of western Vidarbha and waterlogging that damaged standing crops in Vidarbha, the overall agricultural situation is not bad. In some pockets, soyabean crop has been infested with army worm while cotton has also been hit because of irregular rains. But the damage in any case may not exceed 20 to 25 %.The overall water level in the large, medium and small irrigation reservoirs of projects totalling 2467 was reported to be 25.006 million cubic metres.This accounted to 67% for the total capacities of the reservoirs. The water stocks were far less as compared to last year at this time when the reservoirs had stocks of 83%. Kokan with 91% water stock topped the state while at the other end of the spectrum was Marathwada with barely 20% of its reservoirs filled. While water levels in Nashik at 63% and Pune at 73% was moderate, Vidarbha fared better with Nagpur division's reservoirs at 87% and that of Amravati filling up to 73% of their capacities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16745819", "title": "Varsha Bhosle cremated, mother, aunt still in shock", "text": "The final rites of Varsha Bhosle, daughter of singer Asha Bhosle , were performed at the Chandanwadi electric crematorium at Girgaum in south Mumbai in the early hours of Tuesday. Varsha shot herself in the head, most probably around Sunday midnight, at her Peddar Road flat that she shared with Asha. She was 56.Asha and other family members who were abroad at the time of the incident had rushed back late on Monday evening. The cremation took place after a post-mortem.Varsha's maternal uncle, music director Pandit Hridayanath Mangeshkar, his sons Adinath and Baijnath, her cousin Yogesh Khadikar and Asha's grandson Chin2 Bhosle, among others, were present at the crematorium. Hemant Kenkare, Varsha's ex-husband and a well-known PR man, was also there.Varsha, who made a career as a political columnist after briefly singing in movies, had been suffering from depression since her marriage with Kenkare broke down in 1998. She had returned to Asha's apartment on Pedder Road and lived there till her end.Sources close to the family said the Mangeshkar-Bhosle clan is disconsolate over Varsha's untimely death. Singer Lata Mangeshkar , who lives in a flat adjoining Asha's and was among the first to see her niece's body lying on a blood-soaked sofa on Monday morning, is still in a state of shock. \"Ashatai is shattered,\" said a close family friend.Varsha's suicide has also stunned her friends. \"I know everybody has to go some day, but her exit is very tragic. I knew Varsha for nearly 15 years. She was the kind of person who, if she loved someone, would be extremely protective about him or her. She was brutally honest but with good intentions,\" said singer Adnan Sami.Recalling his volatile equations with Varsha, columnist-activist Dilip D'Souza said: \"She would often write me nasty letters, riling me for my left-secular views. She belonged to the right-wing camp. But, once she sent me a warm note, saying, 'I have yet to meet a man as nice as you'. This flummoxed me.\"\"I can't say I was close to her. My cousin Gautam (glamour photographer Gautam Rajadhyaksha who passed away in Mumbai last year) knew her very well. They were dear friends. I met Varsha at social functions. I must say she came across as a conscientious citizen keen on changing the social system,\" said columnist and writer Shobhaa De.In the 1990s, Varsha began to take an interest in the Mumbai mill workers' problems. \"She often visited the crumbling chawls in Lalbaug-Parel, talking to the textile workers' families. She wanted to write a book on the politico-criminal issue,\" said a close friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747428", "title": "Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology's Prayas to give joy to the needy", "text": "NAGPUR: Unable to celebrate the Joy of Giving week due to their exams, a group of engineering students has decided to celebrate it from Thursday to Sunday. These kids will set up collection centres at Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) where people can drop things like clothes, footwear and stationery items which will be collected and given to Delhi-based NGO Goonj.For the last four years the social club of VNIT, Prayas, has been collecting material from the citizens and distributing it to those who need it. While some things collected are sent to Delhi-based NGO Goonj, some are given away to local orphanages, old age homes, schools or NGOs, too.\"It is amazing how the kids have been scheduling their studies and other activities around the tedious task of organizing collections. Before the event, pamphlets are distributed among the evening and morning walkers who come to the college premises. During the week, the collection booths have to be manned and later the collected material has to be sorted,\" said Dilip Peshwe, professor in-charge of the club.\"Since the last two years, we are having our exams during the week, so we have been celebrating it a week later. Last year, we collected two trucks full of material, including three computers and a television. The electronic equipment was given to municipal schools and an old age home from the city respectively,\" said volunteer Rajashree Padmanabhi.One touching tale narrated by the volunteers is of an old lady who wished to donate but needed their help for it. \"She was feeble and lived alone. She said she had a lot of things to give but could not bring it all on her own. So some of us went to her place,\" recalled Shabari Gadewar, one of the volunteers.The collected material is sent to Ashokwan, the processing arm of Anandwan founded by Baba Amte. \"There, the collected material is cleaned, repaired whenever required and sorted according to the age and gender of the user and packed into different boxes,\" said another volunteer Manali Kekre.VENUE: Girls Hostel gate (Bajaj Nagar gate), VNIT and Health Centre, VNITDATE OF FESTIVAL: Oct 11 to 14, 2012.TIMINGS: 5:30 am to 1 pm and 5:30 pm to 7:30 pmContact: Anubhav Mishra - 9595020508", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16745459", "title": "'Handle mining-affected's case with kid gloves'", "text": "PANAJI: The government on Tuesday requested the banking industry in the state to consider in a humanitarian manner, the repayment of loans they have extended to various stakeholders in the mining industry. Although the exact amount of loans extended to mining industry stakeholders is yet to be arrived at, it is estimated to be in the range of 400 crore to 500 crore, chief secretary B Vijayan told TOI.Vijayan made the request to the bankers at a meeting of the state-level bankers' committee in Panaji on Tuesday. The meeting was convened by the State Bank of India .Speaking to TOI, Vijayan said bankers have an \"exposure\" but the government is requesting them to look at this in a \"humanitarian\" manner.J B Bhoria, regional director, Reserve Bank of India, Mumbai, asked banks to approach RBI through the Indian Bankers' Association or through their corporate offices to have some special dispensation for the advances affected by mining in Goa. Representatives of Goa barge owners' association were also present for the meeting.Vijayan said the government needs to have exact data to assess the situation. He also said that the barge owners have expressed their willingness to share their information which has to be crosschecked with the banks. Vijayan said the entire banking industry was involved since it was a lucrative business.The chief secretary said that the banks have already done the first round of restructuring of loans. \"By restructuring we mean the postponement of loan payments, re-scheduling of loan payments, etc. Some of the banks have already done this but it has to be done on an individual, case-to-case basis,\" Vijayan said.The chief secretary also said that if there is to be any second re-structuring, then it would involve the Reserve Bank of India and he has requested bankers to take it up with them. There are channels through which it has to go; either it has to go through the Indian Bankers' Association or through individual banks through their headquarters.He said the state-level bankers' committee is not competent to take up this issue. \"Individual banks will have to look at their portfolios, make their assessment and then go through their association. After all, it is not a deliberate default. These are extraneous circumstances which were beyond the control of the stakeholders,\" Vijayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747155", "title": "Rare pages of Panjab University\u2019s history", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From discovering interesting unrecorded facts on how Jawaharlal Nehru joked with the then vice-chancellor during inauguration of main library to digging out the birth date of PU's second VC Suraj Bhan which was unknown, writing a book on Panjab University left him richer.Meet former PU librarian Dr V K Anand, who wrote the book \"Flight of the Phoenix\" along with professor D V S Jain, a chemistry professor.A book which is often cited as the \"encyclopedia\" of PU's journey has been a treasured possession with the university's publication bureau. Come PU's Foundation Day on October 20 and the extracts from this book will be read out to the current generation of students, teachers and visitors.Going down the memory lane and remembering the days when he was researching on PU's beginnings, Anand said, \"We had to start from zero and go through several documents - including syndicate and senate meeting proceedings to know more about Panjab University. There were several things that were being documented for the first time.\"Narrating an incident of 1962, he said, \"When the then Prime Minister Nehru visited the campus to inaugurate the main library, the remote control to lift up the curtains had become dysfunctional and two employees had to raise the curtains manually during the inauguration. Nehru then joked with the VC that 'Mr VC mere saath dhoka hua hai' (Mr vice chancellor, I have been ditched),\" said Anand, reading the information out of the book.It was during the tenure of professor R C Sobti, the former PU-VC in 2007, that Anand and Jain were asked to compile this book. The duo took four to five months to complete the book with the help of Vinod Grover, Navjeet Kaur and Neeru Bhatia, all deputy librarians at PU and some varsity professors who took keen interest in the university's past.\"We went to Solan and Shimla to get rare pictures of PU which nobody had. We visited the cantonment area in Solan and the US Club in Shimla,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "16747516", "title": "So far, all deposers blame school correspondent", "text": "THANJAVUR: A student who was injured in the Kumbakonam school fire, on Tuesday, blamed the school correspondent, a teacher and two noon meal workers for his injuries. He was deposing before the Thanjavur district sessions court during the hearing of the case. Ramesh was the fifth injured student to appear in court as one of the 488 witnesses in the case.Ramesh, now a 10th standard student who was injured in the fire mishap in Krishna School, Kumbakonam, on July 16, 2004, deposed before judge G Saravanan. The trial commenced on September 24, 2012, eight years after the mishap, that killed 94 children and injured 18 students.The counsels of the four of the 21 accused - school correspondent Pazhanisamy, a teacher Devi, noon meal workers Vijayalakshmi and Vasanthi - cross-examined Ramesh. The boy was studying in third standard in the English medium of instruction when the fire occurred. During cross-examination, Ramesh pointed a finger at the four accused for his injury saying the correspondent and teacher Devi forced the English-medium students to sit in a congested classroom with Tamil-medium students ahead of an inspection from the education department on the date of the fire accident. Many of the students could not escape from the fire as there was a stampede. Moreover, he said the two noon-meal makers stored thatches in the kitchen, which caused the fire.R Madhusudhanan, the government-appointed special public prosecutor, also questioned the boy. Madhusudhanan told TOI, \"The cross-examination with the boy was over today. Another two students who are included as witnesses in the case will be cross-examined in court on Wednesday.\"As of now, six witnesses including headmaster-turned-approver Prabakaran were cross-examined in the case since the trial began. Ramesh was the fifth student who deposed in the case after cross-examinations with students Rahul Raghavan, Divya, Vijay and Kowsalya. All the student witnesses blamed the school correspondent for the fire accident and their injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745826", "title": "Govt plans centralized application for nursery", "text": "NEW DELHI: The hassle of nursery admission may become history if the proposal Delhi government's education department is mulling goes through. To \"simplify\" the process, the department is considering the introduction of a centralized application process for nursery admissions in private schools.\"The objective is to make the process as simple and streamlined as possible for the parents,\" says education minister Kiran Walia, \"In the current system, parents are on tenterhooks and have to run from school to school when the process starts. Our attempt is to make the process quicker and with as little chaos as possible.\"A centralized application process is likely to be a complicated affair, as R C Jain, president, Delhi State Public Schools Management Association, points out. \"Till now, parents have been applying at the schools and the schools drew up lists after selection. Schools follow the 100-points system and decide on the distribution of points individually. It will be incredibly difficult for the department to sort through all this,\" he says.\"This is exactly the point where I'm stuck,\" says Walia. She admits that the point-system could prove to be a hurdle but will soon meet stakeholders to discuss the feasibility of the centralization idea. The DoE typically issues its guidelines for the schools in December and the process begins in January. She also adds that the department is \"addressing only the submission part for now.\" The proposal is to create district-wise collection points where parents could drop their applications off. Till now, the admission process was centralized for the EWS category and that too for seats that schools were unable to fill on their own in the first round.Walia has even asked the directorate to \"see if the right kind of software can be made\" to process forms that would eliminate the possibility of loopholes. \"I also suggested that they look at the Delhi University software,\" Walia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746894", "title": "350kg of stale meat seized from border", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Parassala police on Tuesday seized about 350 kilograms of chicken meat that was being illegally transported to the city from across the border. The meat was being transported from Ready Broilers based at Kaliyikkavila in Tamil Nadu to three restaurants in the city -- Hotel Ammu at Medical College and Chanakya and Rajadhani hotels at East Fort.The driver of the vehicle, Latheef, was penalized with a fine of Rs 26,000 at the commercial taxes check post at Parassala after the stale meat was seized. Circle inspector T Anilkumar said that the raid was conducted against the backdrop of stale meat being found at the KFC outlet in the city on Monday. \"We seized the meat at 8am. On inspection, we found out that the chickens were chopped around 5am,\" he said, pointing out that meat would turn stale if kept in normal temperature for more than an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16749622", "title": "Sean Murphy: I Believe", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16747266", "title": "No welcome functions, but only work: Mayor", "text": "LUDHIANA: No welcome functions during working hours, said mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria, who has faced sharp criticism for spending more time in such functions even after over two weeks of his taking over as the mayor of the city. Gohalwaria who was interacting with the media for the first time on Tuesday, however failed to impress with his planning, especially for dealing with the financial crisis.He requested that all the welcome functions that are organized for him should be held after the office hours so that these do not become an impediment in the working.When asked about his plans for pulling out the municipal corporation from the financial crisis, Gohalwaria said, Punjab government is there to help us out. We will be able to manage things somehow.When informed that the civic authority generates its income on its own through various revenues and collections without any aid from the government and thus it will have to solve this problem on its own, He said, I have certain things in my mind but I can not reveal them as of now. I will share it when the right time comes.The new mayor assured that the city will soon become garbage free and beautiful. He said the company that started door-to-door garbage collection is not working properly. We have become strict with garbage collection company and told them that garbage should be lifted in routine and on time so that people do not face inconvenience, he said.He further advised the residents that new water connections should be laid only by licenced plumbers as private ones do it wrongly and in a callous manner, resulting in problems like breakage of the pipes.On being asked about the lackadaisical attitude of MC in fogging of city areas, Gohalwaria assured that fogging will be done in all the areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16747553", "title": "Sawaikar hits out at 'corrupt' Congress", "text": "PONDA: Narendra Sawaikar, chairman of the Goa Law Commission, alleged that the state Congress government misappropriated 3.5 crore of the dairy farmers' benefit during its regime.He said the government had sanctioned the amount to be distributed among the dairy farmers in the state, but it did not reach them. He added that the Congress had announced a 7 support price to farmers, but even this did not actually see the light of day.Referring to the mining mess, Sawaikar said that Congress leaders are involved in the mining scam, and now the common man is reeling from the after effects.He hinted that the BJP government would come out with a relief scheme to help the people affected by the mining scam.\"Congress leaders can only play the blame-game, they are not concerned about the welfare of the common man. The UPA government also works on dual standards. It relaxes the six-cylinders-per-year condition to nine in Congress-ruled states,\" Sawaikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16745485", "title": "Maharani's college in counselling mode to prevent suicides", "text": "MYSORE: Within a span of one month, four girl students -- two from arts and one each from science and commerce - of Maharani's Govt College have committed suicide. The latest was reported on Sunday.Teachers, who are disturbed following the back-to-back suicides, are leaving no stone unturned to find a solution. They have lined up events to counsel the students and boost their self-confidence.Maharani's Arts, Commerce and Management College principal K S Lakshmana Gowda said the girls' suicides have left them worried. \"We will address the issue by preventing the depressed students from taking their lives. We had invited psychiatrist Dr Rajinikanth to the college, who interacted with them,\" he said.Maharani's Science College principal H V Mallikarjunaswamy said that they have identified mentors to educate the students.Arts and commerce college Kannada department lecturer Kalashree H M said that they had conducted a programme in association with women's commission to create awareness among the students the previous year. \"But the series of suicides has put us in a difficult situation. Of the four dead, two were studying Kannada major,\" she said, adding that only 120 of the 2,000 attended the counselling programme.Another Kannada professor Latha Mysore said that they are keeping a watch on students who are depressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746254", "title": "Congmen fret over assault on Robert Vadra", "text": "NEW DELHI: With corruption charges getting closer to the Congress leadership, hitherto a no-go area even for civil society, apprehensive partymen say the outcome of the fresh assault may boil down to the evidence that Arvind Kejriwal is able to muster against Robert Vadra.The son-in-law of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi faced fresh accusations from Kejriwal on Tuesday, who repeated that Vadra's gains from a real estate company were because of his links to the first family of the ruling Congress.The assault on Vadra seems designed to take the fire of graft campaign to the doorsteps of Congress brass, a departure from past campaigns that steered clear of 10, Janpath. It has discomfited Congressmen ahead of assembly polls in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh.An AICC leader said, \"The impact of the new attack would depend on the nature of evidence they are able to bring. If it is serious, doubts on the first family can damage us politically.\"While the party believes that Kejriwal was acting at the behest of BJP, its attempts to make a convincing case against the charges on Vadra are handicapped by the backdrop of scams at the Centre. The apparent readiness of people to believe that corruption was prevalent in UPA has seriously hurt its electoral prospects.The Congress fury in defending Vadra owes to the fact that he is linked to the leadership. As much has been accepted by spokespersons fielded to defend Vadra. \"BJP is using Vadra to target Congress leadership,\" has been the common refrain.AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi slammed Kejriwal for making baseless charges and retaliated to his demand for white paper from Haryana government by saying he first explain his source of funding.\"From where all this money for his campaign is coming? Who finances his preparations? Nobody is brining a white paper on this,\" Alvi said.Corporate affairs minister Veerappa Moily said the matter relating to land deals had been examined and \"no serious infirmity or violations\" of Companies Law were found. \"Appropriate action was taken for a few typical violations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745942", "title": "BMC's quality work claims may fall short", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC's claims to improve quality of work at ward levels may not be achieved with the new civil works contract (CWC) system.After drawing flak for not having a system in place, the BMC announced a new system, under which a panel of contractors will be established in all the wards. These contractors will then bid for development work. Works for Rs 3 lakh will be given away as spot quotation by the ward officer. While the works for over Rs 3 lakh and till Rs 20 lakh will be given to the contractor who bids the lowest.The BMC will set up these panels and work orders will be issued by wards with permission from ward committees.However, experts say that contractors may not accept the panels allotted by the civic body and will lobby for wards where they can make money or of their choice.Experts also feel that contractor panels may establish monopoly while bidding for tenders, compromising the quality of work.Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said the number of contractors in a panel will depend on the amount of work to done in a ward. A panel could consist of 5-10 contractors.The civic body had decided to reduce the number of contractors from 110 to 31 to break the illegal nexus, said experts. However, under the new CWC system, there will be at least 120 contractors.The BMC will also relax tender conditions so that contractors from Mumbai as well as the metropolitan region can bid.\"By diluting the bidding criterion to give opportunity to smaller contractors, the BMC will not be able to a keep check on quality,\" said a civic official.The BMC appoints civic works contractors (CWC) at ward levels to carry out minor civic works like construction of toilets, repairs of storm water drains, water pipelines, streetlights, footpaths etc.Shewale said all the tenders that will be given to the contractors will be put on the website and a third party auditor will monitor the work. Ward-level engineers and contractors will be penalized if any work is not done according to the norms, he added. \"The new CWC system will be in place in a month,\" said Shewale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746511", "title": "Lt Col Dhoni gives Territorial Army\u2019s annual event the miss", "text": "NEW DELHI: After IAF, it was the Army's turn to be disappointed with Mahendra Singh Dhoni . The cricket captain, who was conferred the honorary rank of Lt-Colonel in the Territorial Army with much fanfare last November, chose to give the force's annual parade ceremony a miss on Tuesday.On its 80th anniversary on Monday, IAF had expressed unhappiness with the attitude of Dhoni and Sachin Tendulkar , who was made a honorary Group Captain in the force in 2010, junking its plans to fly the two master-blasters in Sukhoi-30MKI fighters.Asked about the \"commitment\" of celebrities towards the armed forces and whether the \"motive\" behind inducting them to inspire others was flopping, defence minister A K Antony said, \"The fact is that most of them are devoting their time and energy for the Territorial Army battalions.\"He then pointed out that former captain Kapil Dev and minister of state Sachin Pilot were both present during the ceremony, before adding that Malayalam superstar Mohan Lal, who too has a honorary rank in the Territorial Army, was \"actively involved\" in training camps and parades.Kapil Dev, who was conferred with the Lt-Col's rank in 2008, however defended Tendulkar and Dhoni. \"If they have time, they will definitely attend all the functions. They are currently serving the nation through cricket and I believe once they end their cricketing careers, they will like to be a part of all the events. They have lot many things to do and it sometimes becomes difficult to find time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16745302", "title": "To check crime rate, CCTVs on Hubli roads", "text": "HUBLI: The chief minister's hometown will soon be under 24x7 CCTV surveillance, as Hubli-Dharwad police have decided to install close circuit television (CCTV) and surveillance cameras on busy roads to improve policing and prevent crime.As an experiment, police have already installed about six CCTV cameras on important roads under the town police limits. Police will gradually increase the number of cameras - at least 21 more will come - to improve public safety.Police department, which is also facing shortage of adequate staff, is reportedly finding it difficult to keep an eye on chain snatchers, pick-pockets and other anti-social elements in congested and isolated places as well.To bring down the crime rate and also to maintain law and order, police department is now looking at CCTVs to enhance security. For the first time in the state, Hubli-Dharwad police commissionerate has taken this initiative. All these CCTVs are hi-tech systems equipped with advanced alarm system. Police or public will get alerted immediately as an alarm will be raised automatically from the system attached with each CCTV if anyone tries to touch or destroy them. We are also seeking support from the public in maintaining the CCTVs and make them a success in dealing with crimes in the city, S M Sandigwad, CPI, Town Police station said.Depending on the response we received from already installed six CCTVs, we will again install another 21 CCTVs in important locations in the city, he added.B A Padmanayan, police commissioner, Hubli-Dharwad, said there is a plan to install CCTVs in public places within police station limits in Hubli and Dharwad. The aim is to keep an eye on the movement of anti-social elements in extended areas and isolated places in twin cities, he said.He said that the CCTVs on arterial roads will help check vehicle theft, movements of suspicious people, purse snatching and robberies, checking of vehicles and other people at the entry and exit points of the city. He also made an appeal to public, including merchants association and other bodiess, to come forward and join the hands with police to make the city free from crime, he added.Rajaneesh Ganjyal, managing director, Trinity Technologies and Software Solution Private limited, which has been entrusted with the responsibility to install CCTVs, said digital smart cameras don't need digital video recording and CCTVs which were installed have special features of tamper detection and motion control, he added. If anybody touches or tries to fiddle with the cameras, the CCTVs will give out a siren, and in the night cameras will detect movements in their range (up to 1 km). If any suspicious activities occur in the night, then cameras will capture the image immediately and forward it to the control room, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747520", "title": "Walkout by CM was wrong: Legal experts", "text": "BANGALORE: The walkout by chief minister Jagadish Shettar from the Cauvery River Authority meeting was a bad decision and was totally uncalled for, say legal experts.\"That was not an assembly to walk out, it was a quasi judicial authority ,'' said AK Subbaiah , a senior lawyer , at a discussion on sharing of Cauvery water , organized by the Advocates Association of Bangalore , on Tuesday . Former advocate general Ashok Haranahalli said that the CM should not have walked out of the CRA meeting. \"Instead , we could have made efforts to convince the CRA by presenting facts-figures about the availability and inflow of water plus the plight of farmers,'' he said.Former advocate general Udaya Holla said that Karnataka as an upper riparian state cannot say it will not release water . He said the best way is to present the accurate facts and figures about the state's requirement , both for drinking as well as agriculture.A committee comprising legal experts has been constituted. It will meet every week and discuss legal modalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16745937", "title": "'Dalit' publishers enjoy record sale", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mayawati's big show on Tuesday brought smiles on the faces of book sellers participating in the ongoing National Book Fair. For publishers dealing in dalit literature, Maya's maha rally was a golden opportunity to double up their sales. In fact, the organisers said that there has been a record sale of book on dalit literature especially biographies of Mayawati and Kanshiram.\"Many publishers who had come from outside Lucknow for the book fair had put up their stalls at the venue where the rally was organised. Not only that, people who flocked the book fair in the past two days demanded books on the BSP founder Kanshi Ram and the party supremo Mayawati,'' said Manoj Chandel, secretary, Knowledge Tree Foundation (KTF), organiser of book fair.Shopkeepers said that only books on dalit icons helped them generate revenue that crossed the Rs 5 lakh mark. \"The total sale of materials related to dalit leaders has exceeded in the past two days. Many BSP supporters who earlier visited the book fair bought a lot of material based on dalits and sold it at the rally,'' said a sales executive of Samyak Publication from New Delhi.What's interesting was that biographies on Kanshi Ram and Mayawati did a good business, literally. \"Despite the high price of these books (Rs 1,000 each), people bought more than 30 copies each of the two books. Even the biography of Dr BR Ambedkar was high in demand,'' said another shopkeeper. Besides, there was surge in the sale of OBC and Buddhist literature. Postures, 3D photos, pens, lockets and wrist band bearing the picture of dalit icons or logo of BSP were also in vogue.\"I was curious to read about Mayawati. I want to know about her works, and her life journey. I think her biography would give me enough information about the women,'' said Anoop Kumar, a teacher who picked up a book on Mayawati. Many others bought dictionary of schedule castes worth Rs 15,000. The dictionary consists of details of all the castes that fall under the said category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16746993", "title": "Themes spice up pandals in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With barely two weeks left for Durga Puja, organisers across the city are busy making elaborate arrangements for the celebrations. Though decorations in Bhubaneswar mandaps are not as grandiose and expensive as in Cuttack, over the years Durga Puja in the capital city has also assumed grand proportions.From small celebrations to extravagant theme-based pandals, Durga Puja has come a long way in the city. Once just a social and religious affair, it is now an occasion where corporates invest good money. At least 25 mega budget puja pandals are coming up in the city with trendy decorations.Like every year, the Old Station Bazar Puja Committee, one of the oldest in the city, has targeted children as its main audience and come up with decorations to suit the fancy of kids. \"This is our 57th year and we have decided to make our gate and pandal on the theme of super hero Spiderman and Harry Potter. The mandap will feature storylines of the two heroes. Besides, we are also planning to conduct an art competition for children on themes like 'shattered childhood', environment, wildlife protection, etc., with a handsome prize money on offer,\" said Deepak Jena, secretary of the committee. According to the committee members, the total budget of the puja excluding ornaments is around Rs 30 lakh, about Rs 10 lakh more than previous year.Saheed Nagar Durga Puja Committee is also planning to live up to its reputation of gala pujas this year. \"We have hired special artisans from Kolkata, who would prepare the gate. It will be a replica of Puri Jagannath temple. Besides, we will replicate the Statue of Liberty in our light decorations. The pandal itself will be in the shape of a huge ship,\" said Narayan Mohapatra, secretary of the committee. \"Our major attraction will be the Raban Podi and bhajan sandhya where we have plans to invite veteran singers,\" he added.Nayapalli, one of the biggest mandaps in the city, has an estimated budget of Rs 25 to Rs 30 lakh. \"Every year we hold a big fair in the field adjacent to our mandap. This is our silver jubilee year and we are going to make it a grand affair. Our decoration and lighting will be unique. Instead of replicating any particular monument this year we are planning to do something creative and new with lights,\" said Raj Kishore Samantaray, vice-president of the puja committee. \"For the emersion day, we have planned to showcase dying folk dances of Odisha. Our special prasad will be another major attraction,\" he added.Trying to match Cuttack's silver tableaus, Laxmi Sagar Chhawk mandap in the city has also been putting forth a silvery puja show. \"After the silver tableau, we are making some new ornaments for the goddess and other deities every year,\" said Rabindra Kumar Swain, secretary of Cuttack road Byabasayee Sangha that organizes the puja. \"Out of our puja budget, we devote a scholarship to a needy student and also provide help to a poor person for medical treatment,\" he added.Since the past few years, Rasulgarh Puja Committee has been attracting a large number of visitors due to a huge stage and eye-catching decoration. They are putting up innovative decoration this year with paddy plants, for which the committee has sown paddy in the puja ground which has already become knee high. \"Our decorators plan to do something different with paddy plants. We are hopeful of attracting a good crowd this year as well,\" said a member of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16745389", "title": "Learn to cook French delicacies", "text": "MANGALORE: Want to learn to cook French delicacies in Namma Kudla? Walk in to Roshni Nilaya, School of Social Work on Saturday and learn to cook salade d'epinards, lasagnes a la provencale and choux a la creme, the delicious mouthwatering French recipes.Expert French chef Lucas will demonstrate how to cook the French recipes and also serve it hot to participants. Alliance Francaise de Mangalore (AFDM) has organized French Cooking Class as part of their cultural exchange programme.Event coordinator Larkins D'Souza told TOI that the French cooking classes are being organized as part of the cultural event of AFDM. \"Participants will be taught salade d'epinards, a salad of raw spinach with apples flavoured with olive oil, balsamic vinegar and topped with nut,\" he said.\"Experts will demonstrate the cooking of lasagnes a la provencale, which will be cooked in oven with egg plant, and a combination of tomato sauce, bechamel sauce, and mozzarella cheese. He will also teach to cook choux a la creme, a puff pastry stuffed with creme patissiere (pastry cream), and covered with caramel, powdered sugar or chocolate,\" he added.AFDM had organised a French cooking class exclusively to teach the recipe of ratatouille recently.D'Souza said that AFDM will continue to organize such activities to introduce French culture to Mangaloreans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16745410", "title": "Undertrial assaulted inside district jail", "text": "MANGALORE: The district jail authorities here had their hands full on Tuesday. An undertrial, who was brought on Monday on charges of immoral trafficking, was assaulted by five other undertrials at the jail. The victim Mohan, 41, from BC Road suffered head injuries and is undergoing treatment at the District Government Wenlock Hospital here.The accused are Mohammed Faizal, Ilyas, Altaf, Khalid, Abdul Mannan, who are in the jail on charges of attempted murder for the past five months. They were angered by the news that Mohan was caught while soliciting clients for women.The incident occurred at 8.15am when the undertrials were let out for their morning ablutions. \"We leave undertrials for about an hour from 7am for ablutions. The incident occurred while the victim was returning to the cell,'' jail authorities said.The victim was assaulted with steel plates on his head, knee cap and knee joint. Barke police are investigating the case.Meanwhile, a routine search by the city police during the day yielded a mobile without a sim card and a pair of scissors from the jail premises.Police said that apart from the two objects, nothing incriminating or narcotics was recovered from the cells or its premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16747160", "title": "Care of insane inept compared to rise in cases", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of mentally challenged people can be seen on roads, footpaths and parks here in the city but no health worker is seen distributing medicines or treatment to these unfortunate souls, though mental sickness is on the rise in the city as in the country.As per the recent World Health Organization (WHO) reports, more then 17 per cent of the global population is suffering from multidisciplinary ailments and mental disorders nowadays. India is among the top 10 countries from where cases of mental sickness are reported in large numbers. The WHO report also indicates that mental stress is going to be second biggest killer in the country after cancer by 2020.Mental sickness being a social stigma and lack of awareness and adequate knowledge in recognizing such conditions are emerging as major challenges for the psychiatric experts in India. Religious disbelief is also resisting the treatment of mental cases.\"Most people do not understand a mental illness and usually refrain from showing the weaker side of their health leading to an abnormal mental condition,\" Informed Dr Vipul Singh, professor of department of psychiatry at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College. He added that physical components of diseases are easily identified and the emotional component that determines the mental state is usually ignored.\"Poor approach of government in reducing social stigma related to mental diseases is also giving rise to the number of such cases. There are hardly any awareness programmes or treatment availability and this is a cause of concern to the psychiatric fraternity,\" said Dr RK Saxena, psychiatric at Ursala Horseman Hospital.Another difficulty in detection of illness emerges from the fact that while other diseases show a pattern, mental illness does not have a pattern. The person can remain normal for months before showing sudden hostility or even suicidal tendency.The doctor added that in India, people often go to temples or shrines to seek solace from such conditions, but they need to understand that such prayers without professional treatment are devoid of the healing touch. Experts stress the complex social system in the country is behind the stigma which is the biggest bottleneck in the treatment of the patient.\"A number of cases have emerged where family members have either abandoned such patients or maintained a distance from them because of the social stigma. The strong family bonding is seriously affected and when the patient returns to normal life, the same relationship is not established. Keeping all the scientific advances and effective treatment for mental illness in mind, it is essential the family rises in support of such patients when they need them the most,\" added Dr Saxena.Psychologists fear quiet students at school could be diagnosed with 'social anxiety disorder' while those who become withdrawn after suffering bereavement are classified as having a 'depressive disorder'.Children who just talk back to adults or lose their temper regularly could be diagnosed with 'oppositional defiance disorder'.\"Behaviour develops over a long time, often with a range of complex causes. We can't 'cure' behaviour we don't like with a quick-fix medicine. They usually require careful management by adults around the child,\" added Dr Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16747487", "title": "Cops save 2 men from burning car", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men trapped in a burning car had a close shave on Monday evening. All thanks to the presence of mind and courage displayed by two traffic constables who worked in tandem to rescue the passengers. While Laxmi Narain (24) pulled the men out of the car, Ashok Rai (43) regulated traffic to ensure the rescue operation could be carried out smoothly. Names of the cops, posted with the Kalkaji traffic circle, have been recommended for a cash prize and a commendation roll.The incident was reported around 7pm when the cops were on duty at Maa Anandmai Marg crossing near Nehru Place.While manning traffic, the constables saw a Hyundai Accent coming from the Lal Quan side. Smoke was coming out of the car and two men aged 30-35 were seated inside, said cops.\"The driver, Pitul, was having difficulty in opening the door. Narain opened the door and helped him get out,\" said a senior traffic police officer. At the same time, Rai, who was regulating traffic at the intersection, halted the movement of vehicles from all sides.The other occupant of the car, Naveen Basnet, deputy general manager at a private firm in Gurgaon, was also rescued later. \"Narain ensured that there was no other person trapped inside the car. Soon after the occupants stepped out, the vehicle was completely damaged,\" added the official.\"The effort by the traffic cops is commendable. They acted swiftly and called the fire officials. Pitul was unable to get out as he couldn't unlock his seatbelt but the traffic officer saved him just in time,\" said Naveen.Lauding the cops for their efforts, joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg said, \"The two constables showed presence of mind and saved two people from the burning car. For their excellent work, their names are being forwarded to Delhi Police commissioner for reward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747425", "title": "Haryana govt denies Kejriwal\u2019s charges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Tuesday termed all allegations levelled against his government by Arvind Kejriwal as baseless.He also told TOI that managing director of Haryana State Industrial Development Corporation Rajiv Arora has been asked to give an explanation to all the allegations on behalf of the state government.Later at a joint press meet by Rajiv Arora and director general of Haryana Town and Country Planning Department T C Gupta said no land meant for setting up of a hospital was given in favour of DLF Ltd.On Kejriwal's allegation that floor area ratio (FAR) was increased in draft Development Plan-Gurgaon Manesar Urban Complex-2031 to favour DLF, the officials said the FAR has not been changed in respect of DLF sectors at all. In fact, in the earlier Development Plan-2025, FAR of all the sectors of Gurgaon was depicted in terms of persons per acre (PPA), which has now been shown as person per hectare (PPH) in the Draft Development Plan-2031. As one hectare is equal to 2.5 acres, accordingly, 250 persons per acre has been converted to 625 persons per hectare. Therefore, this allegation is factually incorrect.On 350 acres of land given to DLF for a recreation project at village Wazirabad in Gurgaon, the officials said for this project a transparent bidding process was adopted, including issuance of an advertisement in leading dailies and following the route of a transparent 'International Competitive Bid' route thereby providing an opportunity to all the interested parties to participate in the bidding in which DLF emerged as the successful bidder. In the first bid, there was only one bidder (DLF) and then the bids were called again. In the re-auction, three firms, including DLF, were in the race but two were not found eligible on technical reasons.On the cancellation of land acquisition at Manesar to favour DLF, they said no land acquisition was cancelled in favour of DLF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16747277", "title": "Milk business: Reduce expenses to make profit", "text": "THRISSUR: The milk business is certainly for the brave hearts, thanks to soaring fodder prices and low prices that the produce commands.But 36-year-old Unnikrishnan K P, a dairy farmer from Karivannoor, has not only got over such niggles; he has succeeded in milching actual profits from his venture.Unnikrishnan, who won the best young dairy farmer award in 2011, has a dairy unit spread over five acres of land with 30 Jersey and Black and White (HF) cow breeds, which together produce about 400 litres of milk a day. The milk from the cows that are fed residues of paddy, black gram, paddy straw and edible grass is sold at a nearby dairy society as well as at homes in the neighbourhood.His profits from the venture, meanwhile, come to a cool Rs 90,000 per month. \"I spend Rs 130 on a cow per day for a profit of Rs 100. For milking cows, I use three milk machines and cultivate edible grass for food on five acres of land. I give them paddy straw in the morning and edible grass in the evening. These are highly nutrient,\" he says. At his farm, Unnikrishnan employs three migrant labourers from Nepal.But, what would he attribute his success to in a sector where many others have failed? \"Bring down the labour cost by employing only a few labourers and cultivate fodder for the cows. I only buy residues of paddy and black gram from the local market. This reduces the expense in farming to a certain extent,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16744861", "title": "SC may allow tiger tourism in core reserve areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the season of festivals and holidays drawing near, the Supreme Court on Tuesday served some good news for wildlife enthusiasts by indicating that it would lift the two-and-a-half month old ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves next week.After additional solicitor general Indira Jaising informed that National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) would notify new guidelines permitting regulated tourism in core areas within a week, the court fixed further hearing on October 16 and said on that day, it would \"modify or vacate\" its July 24 interim ban order.A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar realized that the court could not have passed the July 24 order on a special leave petition challenging an interim order of Madhya Pradesh High Court and said, \"The Supreme Court could not in these proceedings either put a stamp of approval on the NTCA guidelines or quash them.\"After the interim ban, the NTCA revisited its guidelines on tiger reserve management, made a U-turn, and framed fresh guidelines giving importance to public participation in efforts to conserve tigers and recommended limited tourism in 20% of core areas under strict supervision of forest officials.Given the legal status of the guidelines framed by NTCA under its statutory obligations, the bench said, \"NTCA may therefore issue the formal notification notifying the comprehensive guidelines in accordance with the Wildlife Conservation Act. The additional solicitor general appearing for the NTCA submits that the requisite notification will be issued within a week. List the matter for further hearing on Tuesday, October 16, for consideration of the prayer for vacating/modifying the interim order.\"The SC's July 24 interim order banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves had cut off access to popular tourist destinations like Dhikala in Corbett National Park. It had brought politicians and environmentalists together in citing the importance of tourism in core areas for protecting the endangered big cat from poachers.What the court was concerned about was rampant commercialization of buffer and core areas of tiger reserves without proper demarcation of these two important areas in protected forests. Its interim ban had shaken the NTCA to shed its lethargy and consult stakeholders before framing fresh guidelines on a war footing.On July 9, the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) had filed the 'Guidelines for Ecotourism in and around Protected Areas' in the apex court and said, \"Any core area in tiger reserves from which relocation has been carried out will not be used for tourism activities.\"The guidelines were based on key recommendations of the Tiger Task Force (2005) and were in sync with Section 38(v) of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 (as amended in 2006), which defined core/critical wildlife habitats as such areas that needed to be kept inviolate for tiger conservation without affecting the rights of Scheduled Tribes or forest dwellers.On September 26, the NTCA submitted new guidelines to the SC and said tourists were permitted to visit only 20% of core areas of tiger reserves and it was well within ecologically permissible levels.Taking into account the court's concern for tiger conservation, the NTCA had said conservation efforts must have public participation and regulated tourism was an effective and invaluable tool to harness community support for this purpose.It had said, \"With the importance of tourism in tiger conservation in mind, it is recommended that a maximum of 20% of the core/critical tiger habitat usage (not exceeding the present usage) for regulated, low-impact tourist visitation may be permitted.\"The core area is kept free of biotic disturbances and forestry operations, where collection of minor forest produce, grazing and human disturbances are not allowed. The Act defines buffer zone as the area peripheral to the critical tiger habitat or core area providing supplementary habitat for dispersing tigers, besides offering scope for co-existence of human activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746166", "title": "Court seeks HRD, state reply on foreign varsities", "text": "BHOPAL: The MP high court on Tuesday directed the Union HRD ministry and higher education department to file a separate reply regarding the law governing the functioning of foreign universities on petitions filed by students of Leeds Met India (LMI), Bhopal .The bench comprising, Justices K K Lahoti and Vimla Jain after hearing the petitions directed the HRD ministry, the higher education department and Barkatullah University to file a reply about the law applied for governing the functioning of foreign universities and the value of degrees conferred by them on students studying in these universities.This direction came on the plea of around 35-40 students who had filed number of petitions against the management and office bearers of LMI and the society running the institution. The court has sought reply within three weeks.Around 150 students took admission in different professional courses run by the LMI. While giving admissions, the institute had claimed that it was recognized by the AICTE. However, later on they came to know that the claims were false, students had told the court.The students filed petitions before the high court in March 2012 followed by notices served to all the concerned. The students had sought refund of their fees worth around 15 lakhs; compensation of 30 lakhs each; and initiation of criminal cases of fraud and cheating against the management. Siddharth Gupta, counsel for petitioners on Tuesday argued that invariably in all the advertisements, brochure, fee receipts, the management of institution always claimed that the institution has all the approvals from concerned authorities and thus wasting the three precious years of more than 150 students.The court also sought response as to how any such foreign university could have been permitted to run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745897", "title": "HC gives widow her house and office back", "text": "MUMBAI: A widowed lawyer who, along with her minor son, was thrown out of her home and south Mumbai office last December by her husband's relatives just days after his last rites has a reason to smile. On Tuesday, the Bombay high put Khushnuma Khan and her son back in possession of their properties, rapped the relatives and directed the police commissioner to probe the complaint filed by the advocate against her late husband's family, including his sons from a previous wife, for using criminal force to dispossess her. The HC directed the police chief to \"ensure that the directions are complied in letter and spirit'' and not be content with just \"forwarding a copy of order to Kurla police\". The police must submit compliance reports in court, the HC said.Lawyers Pravin Samdani and Nivith Srivastava, who presented Khushnuma's case, said she was the third wife of Ibrahim Khan. In April, a single judge offered her no relief and vacated appointment of a court receiver. She went in appeal to a division bench which has now ruled that \"the issue raised is not merely a private dispute between two parties but about the respondents having taken law in their own hands and physically ousted a woman and her minor son from her residence and office, when they were away in Delhi and Bihar attending to the last rites of her husband\".Ibrahim had gone to Delhi for a wedding and suffered a brain hemorrhage. On December 1, 2011, Khushnuma rushed to Delhi to be by his side, but he did not survive. That's when her troubles began. She received a call from her neighbour on December 5 that some people had changed the lock on her door after throwing out her stuff. She said she used to reside at the Jurla house at Noorjahan Complex on Pipe Road, which was Inrahim's self-acquired property since their wedding in 1993. He had gifted the house to her in 1994 absolutely, she said. Since 2007, she and her husband also occupied a 450 sq ft office at Marine Lines. She ran her law office of K.K. Associates there.She held a power of attorney for it she said. The society secretary also wrote that she lived in the Kurla house with her husband and son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16747164", "title": "4 raily staffers injured in mishap", "text": "KANPUR: Four railway employees, who were engaged in the task of repairing an overhead equipment (OHE) at platform number eight of the Kanpur Central railway station on Monday evening, suffered burn wounds after coming in contact with a live wire.The injured, Vivek Bajpai, Arun Kumar, Bajrang and Ranjeet Kumar, were rushed to the Loco Hospital for treatment where their condition was stated to be stable.According to eye-witnesses, Ranjeet Kumar, who was repairing the OHE, received a strong electric shock when he accidentally touched a nearby live wire. When three of his colleagues rushed to help him and climbed the equipment, they too came into the contact of electricity.Immediately after the incident, chaos prevailed at platform number eight and nine that cater to the trains like Memu, Kalindi and some Mumbai-bound trains. Senior railway authorities too immediately reached the spot and rushed the injured to the Loco Hospital for treatment.A senior railway official told TOI that fortunately there was no current in the equipment's high-tension wire as the OHE workers had switched off the main line. This saved the day for us, he added.When questioned about the cause of the incident, the official could only say that the mishap occurred when the \"earthing\" wire broke and fell on the workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746464", "title": "Australia all set to enter into civil nuclear cooperation with India", "text": "NEW DELHI: After years of denying uranium to India - even ignoring Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) waiver to India to carry out nuclear commerce - Australia is all set to enter into civil nuclear cooperation with the non-NPT signatory. Government sources here confirmed that Australian PM Julia Gillard visit to India early next week will see a formal announcement of negotiations between the two countries for such a deal.The core of the cooperation will be a uranium safeguards agreement which will allow Australia to export uranium to India bypassing opposition from various groups that are opposing the Labor government's decision to overturn the ban on uranium sale to India. Australia, a member of NSG, had supported the group's waiver to India in 2008 but continued with its ban on exporting uranium to India saying that it will not be possible to reverse the ban until India signs NPT.``The two sides will announce that negotiations are underway for an agreement which would facilitate supply of uranium from Australia; the agreement may take some time though as negotiations are likely to be lengthy,\" said a government source. Gillard, who was instrumental in Labor's decision to reverse ban, is expected to arrive in India on October 15 for a three-day visit. While this will be her second official visit to India, it will be the first as PM. According to Indian officials, the initiative for the visit came from Gillard herself, who appears keen on mending ties with New Delhi despite the ``snub\" from her counterpart Manmohan Singh last year when he pulled out of the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) in Perth. In fact, the last Indian PM to have visited Australia was Rajiv Gandhi in 1984.The uranium agreement with Australia, apart from ensuring a steady supply of the yellowcake, will also have great symbolic significance for India as it will mark another international acceptance of its nuclear weapons programme. The agreement is like to include the same provisions as NPT meant to prevent proliferation and with which India has always agreed in principle despite not having signed the treaty because it allows only five countries to possess nuclear weapons.Australian foreign minister Bob Carr said recently that Canberra needed the agreement to be able to supply uranium to India and that it was working New Delhi India to finalize it. \"The relationship's in good working order and the thing the Indians wanted out of us most was a decision to sell them uranium for the peaceful development of nuclear power which is a major strategic goal for them and I think an environmental plus for the planet,\" he was quoted as having said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746494", "title": "Swine flu claims one more", "text": "INDORE: Swine flu claimed one more person, taking the total death toll to eight in Indore division of the state since January this year.According to health department staff, one more patient died on Monday night about which the department got the confirmation late. This was the second death due to the flu within 48 hours. Two males aged 28-year-old and 50-year-old succumbed to infection at a private hospital in the city. Meanwhile, reports of two swab samples that were sent on Monday to Indian Council of Medical Research Lab for confirmatory tests are pending. With this, a total of 129 samples have now been sent for confirmatory tests, of which 123 have been received by health department. So far 35 patients have been confirmed positive.With this, a total of 129 samples have now been sent for confirmatory tests, of which 123 have been received by health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745525", "title": "Block online access to controversial film: PIL in HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Controversial promo of the movie - Innocence of Muslims - reached the doorsteps of the Madras high court, with a public interest writ petition being filed to block access to the material available online.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan, before which the PIL filed by advocate K M Aasim Shehzad came up for admission on Tuesday, directed the registry to post the matter before some other bench for hearing.When the matter was taken up, counsel for the petitioner Sanjan Pinto submitted that the material was still accessible in India, and wanted the court to direct the union ministry of communications and information technology, besides Google India Pvt Ltd to enforce blockade and ensure the film was not accessible in India.In the petition, Shehzad listed the links where the offending material was available and pointed out that several countries had banned and blocked the promo. Noting that the film contained racist, anti-religious anti-Muslim hate speech, he said it was the statutory duty of the Central authorities to ensure that the fundamental right of citizens to freedom of religion was protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745409", "title": "YSR govt brooked no dissent, says babu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior IAS officer Tishyarakshit Chatterjee, who is currently working as the secretary of the ministry of environment and forests, Government of India, told the CBI, which is investigating the assets case pertaining to YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy, that the engineers and even higher officials of his level were recipients of verbal scoldings by political bosses if any of them raised any objections about works at any stage.\"I worked with the R&B; department for over three years and my experience was that all the engineers were kept under constant pressure from contractor lobbies operating through our own political lines of control. This pressure often was conveyed to us in the form of frequent phone calls, plain paper notes and verbal scolding of even officers at my level, when objections were raised,\" Chatterjee said in his deposition.\"In all review meetings of my department conducted by the late chief minister YSR, KVP Ramachandra Rao was present though he did not participate actively in the discussions,\" he said. Chatterjee also told the CBI that MGVK Bhanu, the then special secretary to CM handling R&B; subject, used to often do the 'follow up' work on issues relating to contracts of infrastructure nature with him over phone and personally.The CBI recorded the statements of Chatterjee and another IAS officer Rajiv Ranjan Misra, who has been with the irrigation department as its secretary from April 2006entrusted with the job of looking after the progress of construction of irrigation projects in Rayalaseema region and also Prakasam and Nellore districts.The probe agency was trying to arrive at a conclusion as to why disgraced Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju chose to invest Rs 20 crore in Jagan firms and in the process came across a road work near Gandikota reservoir in Kadapa which was entrusted to Raju's Maytas Infra on a nomination basis.Interestingly, both the officials deposed before the CBI that the road work worth Rs 120 crore was first entrusted to Maytas in December 2008. But within less than a month from then, Raju confessed to his fudging crime and went to jail. It was then that the officials referred the matter to the council of ministers for its approval of the same after reducing the value of the project to Rs 90 crore. Since YSR intervened and wrote on the file that the work was entrusted to Maytas infra because it happened to be the main contractor of the reservoir and the related road work was entrusted to it and that it was 0.883% less than the estimated value, the cabinet had approved it on February 17, 2009.When the entrustment of this huge road work to Maytas was challenged in the AP high court in 2009, the HC on March 5, 2010 quashed the GO that accorded this work to Maytas and directed the state to allot the work through open tender process. Accordingly the same was done and one joint venture company called Varie Gate projects, SMS infrastructure, MRKR constructions finally bagged the work for Rs 79.75 crore and resulted in the saving of Rs 10 crore public money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "faridkot/chandigarh", "code": "16747357", "title": "Protest against cops for revealing rape victim's identity", "text": "FARIDKOT/CHANDIGARH: Senior BJP leader Laxmi Kanta Chawla led hundreds of residents on a march in Faridkot on Tuesday, demanding the suspension of police officers for revealing the identity of a minor rape victim who was abducted on September 24. The police had released the pictures of the girl on Monday.Condemning the police action, members of Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee demanded the removal of DIG (Ferozepur range) P S Umranangal and Faridkot SSP G S Dhillon from the investigation of case.Another demonstration has been planned for October 12, to protest against police inaction.The 15-year-old girl was allegedly abducted by Nishan Singh, a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends but police have failed to recover her so far. The same accused had allegedly kidnapped her on March 25 and the victim was later traced in Kharar. After medical examination of the victim, police had slapped rape charges against Nishan.Meanwhile, instead of pulling up the police officers for going against the law by publicly revealing a rape victim's picture, that too of a minor, the department seemed more inclined to defend its officers. Additional director general of police (ADGP) S K Sharma, said, \"Whatever pictures were found on the girl's laptop, and were in the knowledge of her parents, were released. Although the police did wrong, it was not that wrong since the parents already knew the case facts.\"Asked whether police officers were right in revealing the identity of the teen rape victim, Sharma said, \"The police officers should not have done that. The girl is a minor and cannot give her consent even for marriage, that would be illegal. Also the pictures and the letter were a part of the investigation and should not have been released to the media.\"The government, though, appears in no mood to penalize its officers. \"We will see under what circumstances were the pictures released and then see what action needs to be taken, if at all,\" the ADGP said.Home secretary, Punjab, D S Bains claimed, \"The details of the case are not really in my knowledge and today (Tuesday) being a holiday, it was not discussed. We will see tomorrow what needs to be done.\"'Legal View\"It's irresponsible and unprofessional attitude of cops investigating the matter involving a minor. There have been guidelines from time to time from the courts, about the protection of identity of minors, children who are victims of any crime or even those involved in any crime. It appears that the cops deputed in the field are not even trained to handle such issues,\" said Anupam Gupta, senior advocate, Punjab and Haryana high court.\"Releasing the photographs of a minor girl in such a manner reflects their style of functioning. I think state police should hold some orientation course for cops to deal with such issue,\" said H C Arora, advocate, Punjab and Haryana high court.?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746439", "title": "Petrol price revision fails to fuel sales at IOC-run bunks", "text": "INDORE: Even though Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) has lowered the petrol price by Rs 0.56 a litre, it has failed to attract the attention of vehicle owners of city towards its bunks. The other state-owned firms Bharat Petroleum and HPCL are yet to decide the price revision. But the vehicle owners did not appear too keen to stop at IOC-run petrol bunks for meeting their fuel requirements. Lack of awareness is to blame for the situation, say many.Agrees Sudhir Airen, secretary, MP Federation of Petroleum Dealers' Association. He told ToI, \"We were expecting heavy rush at IOC petrol pumps after they reduced the price. But it is not happening. Though there has been only a marginal decline in the price, it is surprising that the remaining two state-owned firms are still keeping mum over the issue.\" There are nearly 4,500 petrol pumps and 40% of them belong to IOC. The balance is divided equally between the two other oil firms.Ravi Langer, a petroleum product dealer from Ujjain, said, \" I do feel that the remaining two oil firms will also announce their price revision shortly. Oil companies are probably maintaining some kind of difference in prices deliberately to give the message that they are not indulging themselves in the cheap price war.\"Meanwhile, a delegation comprising members of Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers called on brass officials of the oil ministry in New Delhi on Monday and raised demand for implementation of Apurv Chandra committee report.The committee had recommended for the substantial hike in the dealership margins for the petroleum dealers.Some of the other demands being raised by petroleum dealers include allowing them to charge for providing services like air, drinking water and toilet services to their customers at petrol pump premises. The decision on the issue is likely to be taken by the government shortly, said a source familiar with the development.There are nearly 4,500 petrol pumps and 40% of them belong to IOC. The remaining figure is divided equally between the two other oil firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747496", "title": "'We expect a few faces to be among the finals'", "text": "NAGPUR: The expert panel which conducted the interviews of the shortlisted candidates for Times Scholars were visibly impressed by the students' potential and said that they expected at least a few faces to emerge victorious in the finals.Times Scholars is an initiative undertaken by The Times of India to recognize and reward the brightest young minds in the country. Many Std XII students are undergoing various levels of testing to be selected as a Times Scholar. Expert panels will help choose top 20 Times Scholars on the basis of qualities like reasoning ability, aptitude, knowledge, future vision etc. The chosen candidates will be provided guidance and mentorship in their fields of interest. They will also get a cash scholarship of Rs 5 lakh each over a period of four years of their graduation.\"This was an enterprising lot, well aware of current issues,\" said Seema Somalwar, Nikalas Mahila Mahavidyalaya, one of the panellists. Agreeing with her, Col UK Chembath, director of Narayana Vidyalayam, added, \"The children had come prepared. The current generation has an edge owing to the kind of exposure they have got. They are certainly very high in their eligibility quotient.\"All the students were very happy at the way the interviews were conducted. \"They put us at ease and it was more like an interaction. They wanted to know what I will do for our country with my knowledge,\" said Makarand Gomashe of Mohota Science College, Nagpur.The students also thought that the interviews were not just a test of their knowledge, but also an attempt at analyzing them as an individual. \"They wanted to pick the best and hence they asked questions which checked how we could actually apply our knowledge,\" said Abhishek Naik from Indore.He added that Times Scholars was a brilliant opportunity that doesn't come knocking at their doors every day. \"There will be nothing better than being called a Times Scholar. This provides a great platform for meeting like-minded people,\" he said.The shortlisted candidates felt that unlike the other scholarships which took into account only the academic performance of the candidate, Times Scholars attempted to analyze the whole personality. \"They wanted to know how we analyze information,\" said Haneen Iqbal Siddiqui from Bhopal. Aditi Methi, who is from Bhilai, added, \"They made me open up and speak, and through that, they tried to gauge whether I was up to it or not. It was a well-rounded interview session.\"Her father, Dr Aditya Methi, said that the experience will prove to be of great help to his daughter. \"A scholarship from such a coveted brand will boost her confidence very much, and that is why I encouraged her to go ahead and apply,\" he said.For most of the students, it was their first experience of being interviewed. \"The first experience is the most important as it remains with us forever, and mine was great,\" said Siddharth Loddha, a student of Hislop College.For the students it was not only the money which mattered. \"It is a part of the whole deal, but the real prize of this scholarship is knowing that I stand among the best minds of India. This idea excites me and that is why I am here,\" said Abhinav Shukla, who came from Sewagram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16746959", "title": "MCG says it's falling short of property tax target", "text": "GURGAON: In all probability the municipal corporation will fall way short of it property tax target it has set for itself this current financial year. While on the one hand it wants to collect Rs 500 crore this year, even after six months it has barely managed to collect only around Rs 50 crore, and officials admit that it is indeed very difficult to collect the rest Rs 450 crore in half a year.All the four zonal taxation officers (each for one municipal zone) have been given a target to collect Rs 10 crore as property tax every month, said MCG officials. They, however, say that these ZTO's have miserably failed to do their job.\"The ZTOs have not been able to achieve the target despite being told repeatedly to do so. They say people are not coming forward to pay the property tax.The other common reason quoted for the dismal collection is discrepancies in the property tax assessment. Those residents who have raised objections regarding the assessment have said they will not pay the tax till the time their issues are fully resolved. \"We are trying to resolve their objections at the earliest, however, the objections are so many (over 50,000) and it takes time to resolve them,\" said a finance department official.New Gurgaon residents' reluctance to pay tax either to MCG or the private builders can also be cited as another reason behind low rate of tax collection.\"We have made ourselves clear that we will pay tax to those who will provide us basic services like water, sewage and roads. And since now the private developer is providing us these amenities. The day the MCG provides us these basic requirements we would start paying tax. But we will not allow MCG to fleece us,\" said Rajat Verma, a DLF phase-III resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747112", "title": "2 cops thrashed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In yet another incident of cops getting thrashed, two members of Chandigarh police's Cheetah Squad were beaten up by four motorcycle-borne youths near the Sector 36 roundabout on Monday night. Constables Dei Ram and Vikas were thrashed with sticks and their uniforms too got torn in the melee. One of the assailants, Mukesh, was also injured in the clash. He was taken to Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMSH) in Sector 16. The other three managed to escape from the spot. The incident took place around 12.45am on Monday night, when two constables rushed to the Sector 36 roundabout on getting information about a quarrel.Police sources said as the cops tried to intervene, the four youths attacked them with sticks and Dei Ram suffered a minor fracture on his right arm. Constable Vikas managed to call up the police control room and another PCR vehicle rushed to the spot. A case was registered at the Sector 36 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747336", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation, Nagpur Improvement Trust issued transfer of development rights worth over Rs 450 cr", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) have issued transfer of development rights (TDR) for 19.28 lakh sq ft and 4.54 lakh sq ft respectively till date. The total value of the TDR area comes to a minimum Rs450-500 crore according to the current price prevailing in the city.According to information obtained by RTI activist TH Naidu, NMC approved 27 cases of TDR between 2002 and January this year. \"NIT approved six cases of TDR between 2008 and December 2011. Total built-up area of TDR issued by NMC comes to a whopping 19,28,007.035 sq ft. Of this, NMC issued TDR of 22,132.56 sq ft for zone-A while 14,41,626.73 sq ft for zone-B and 4,64,247.73 sq ft for zone-C. NIT approved TDR area of 4,54,104.28 sq ft.\"Realty experts said the value of TDR for zone-A and zone-B is around Rs3,000 per sq ft while in zone-C it is Rs500 to Rs1,000 per sq ft. This is the minimum price when TDR is sold to another person by the beneficiaries. Thus, the total value of TDR issued by NMC and NIT comes to around Rs450-500 crore. If the builders or individuals load the TDR, the value increases to a great extent.The TDR cases came to light following exposure of a scam by senior corporator Praful Gudadhe, who is also an expert in realty sector at a general body meeting last week. Gudadhe raised the TDR case approved by NMC for Wathoda land involving city BJP president and East Nagpur MLA Krishna Khopde. Senior Shiv Sena corporator Alka Dalal had then demanded enquiry into all cases.Meanwhile, leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre has demanded enquiry into all TDR cases approved by NMC and NIT. \"There is a need to verify whether TDR cases were approved for the benefit of NMC and NIT or builders and traders,\" he said.Gudadhe informed the house that TDR proved to be beneficial for builders and traders instead of NMC. This could happen due to zone system in TDR. The outer areas like Wathoda, Borgaon, Babulkheda, Nari, Hazari Pahad, Dabha etc fall in zone-B while prime localities like Dharampeth, Ramdaspeth, Dhantoli, Congress Nagar, Shivaji Nagar, Laxmi Nagar etc are also in zone-B. There is a huge difference between the land price in outer areas and posh areas. In many TDR cases, the TDR generated from outer areas was utilized in posh areas. Besides, most of the TDR area went into the hands of builders.TOI also exposed NMC's refusal to acquire prime land situated at Chhaoni reserved for Town Hall while acquiring land in a remote location at Chinchbhuvan for the same purpose.Naidu told TOI that municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane was asked to probe Wathoda TDR case by the general body. \"Wardhane should conduct enquiry into all TDR cases to verify whether land acquired by the NMC and NIT in exchange of TDR is worthy or not. NMC and NIT approved TDR cases on the basis of applications submitted by beneficiaries,\" he said.Meanwhile, NMC officials maintained that TDR cases were worthy for NMC as it got possession of land free of cost. \"NMC may bring the acquired land into use in future. The acquired land had become an asset for NMC. The reservation in the development plan makes it mandatory to acquire land in exchange of TDR or other system,\" said an official from NMC's town planning department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16746921", "title": "Plot owners protest retrospective charges", "text": "GURGAON: There is no dearth of contentious issues in Haryana's industrial circles. Disagreements, demonstrations and litigations are common even in the oldest of industrial areas here. Industry owners and the development agency, HSIIDC, are always at loggerheads. The most recent falling out has been over the issue of enhancement money. This time around, the industry owners in IMT Manesar - who have been asked to pay extra Rs 3,552 per square metre on every old allotment - are warming up for another long-term scuffle with the authorities.Local associations say the corporation is demanding the money to add to its compensation fund, which, as per the Supreme Court orders, needs to be disbursed to the farmers who used to own this land. But, as several protestors have pointed out, this money should be incurred not by the plot owners but by the HSIIDC itself.\"I have not paid a single penny of enhancements. In all these years, HSIIDC has been reaping profits while we are barely able to run our industries here. Now, they are asking for this extra money. Why don't they use money from their surplus funds to pay it off?\" said Amina Sherwani of Manesar Industrial Welfare Association.Sherwani said the contracts that the industrialists were made to sign at the time of allotments were 'monopolistic and unfair'. \"The contracts were one-sided, and that is the real problem. We will soon be approaching the Competition Commission of India to raise this issue.\"The plot owners in Manesar say, the enhancement money is arbitrary : \"We are in touch with association all over Haryana and it is revealing how anti-industry actions are being taken by some institutions all over the state\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745806", "title": "Police not following HC order: NDMC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh development in the controversial Akbarabadi mosque case, New Delhi Municipal Corporation has blamed Delhi Police for ignoring the Delhi high court's order.NDMC, in an application filed before the court, has urged it to direct police to grant protection to the staff who can implement court orders and demolish illegal structure in Subhash Park area.Filed through its standing counsel Ajay Arora, the application recalls HC passed an explicit order on July 30 this year, asking the agency to take action against the structure that came up illegally at the earlier Metro site.\"NDMC was always keen and still is, to ensure compliance of HC orders by way of removal of unauthorized structure which has come up on public land in violation of rules procedure and law of the land,\" the corporation says, adding it is being unfairly blamed for deliberate inaction when in reality it is hobbled by complete non-cooperation by police.The agency said that initially cops said they couldn't provide enough force in August as it had to make security arrangements for events like Baba Ramdev's agitation, Independence Day celebrations and Ramzan. Now that all the events are over, police should have cooperated. But now, they are taking refuge behind an application filed by cops seeking modification of the HC demolition order, NDMC argues, urging the court to intervene.Citing communication exchanged with the police top brass between July and September, the agency says though HC has not granted any stay order on the modification plea of Delhi Police, the latter is being extremely restrained and has refused to extend any cooperation to enable NDMC to carry out court orders. HC will take up the plea on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747087", "title": "Elderly couple's 12-year illegal US stay crashes at Ahmedabad airport", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An elderly couple from the US who landed on Monday night at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport without proper travel documents were nabbed by a team of immigration authorities.The two were handed over to Sardarnagar police for further investigation. They had travelled to the US on fake passports, said investigators.According to Sardarnagar police officials, G H Khan, an immigration officer at the city international airport, examined the documents of Natwar Patel, 58, and his wife Amba, 54, upon their return from the US at 7.30 pm on Monday. They had come to India on an emergency certificate issued by the Indian embassy in the US. When questioned, they said they did not have passports.\"They were then handed over to us on the basis of suspicion,\" said a Sardarnagar police official. \"Patel said in his statement that he was a native of Jamda village near Kalol in the Gandhinagar district. He along with his wife went to the US 12 years ago.\" Patel said he worked at a motel as a caretaker, while his wife worked as a cook. \"When the homeland security department of the US began an active search for illegal immigrants, they got scared and decided to return,\" the official said. \"Patel has mentioned that an agent provided them with forged documents. Search for him has begun.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745743", "title": "Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao\u2019s bail plea rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao of the CBI court dismissed the bail pleas filed by former minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao and IAS officer K V Brahmananda Reddy on Tuesday. Both were arrested by CBI in the Vanpic episode of Jagan assets case. \"When the role of key accused along with the role of RAK regime in the case is under investigation, it would not be proper to release them on bail,\" the judge said. Agreeing with the apprehension of the CBI that Mopidevi was a minister of the state till his arrest and he would tamper with the evidence if let out at this stage, the judge dismissed his bail plea.The judge extended the judicial remand of all the accused in Emaar, Jagan assets and illegal mining cases to October 25. The court exempted R&B; minister Dharmana Prasad Rao from appearing in the court in person for Tuesday's hearing in the Vanpic case after considering the minister's plea to the effect because his mother passed away recently.In a separate development, the high court granted bail to Karnataka's Kampli MLA Suresh Babu in the cash-for-bail case. The HC in a separate case declined to modify the conditions imposed on Evangelist K A Paul, who was earlier set free on bail in his brother's murder case. Paul wanted to go to US to visit his family and his ailing son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746277", "title": "Civic panel defers decision on PPP model for hospital", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's standing committee on Tuesday deferred a decision on the controversial agreement with Aundh Institute of Medical Sciences to run its multi-specialty hospital on a public-private-partnership basis.The general body of the PMC had signed an agreement with AIMS in this regard in 2003. However, several social organisations and political parties have been opposing the arrangement, claiming that it was not beneficial for the underprivileged. Opposing the proposal, Republican Party of India corporator Siddharth Dhende had tabled a suggestion a couple of weeks back seeking cancellation of the agreement.\"No decision was taken on the issue,\" Baburao Chandere, standing committee chairman, said on Tuesday. The committee has decided to send the proposal to the civic administration for its opinion. A final decision on whether to scrap the agreement will be taken after the civic administration gives its opinion. The administration has been given 15 days' time to reply, he added.Activists of RPI and Jan Arogya Manch on Tuesday staged demonstrations on the premises of corporation, demanding cancellation of the agreement. The model will deprive the poor of low-cost treatment, they said.\"It is the responsibility of the PMC to provide basic health services to citizens, but under the garb of PPP, it wants to privatize its services. This initiative means nothing, but handing over PMC's assets into private hands,\" said the press releases issued by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16745639", "title": "Forces dig up Maoist arms cache in forest", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Acting on a central Intelligence Bureau (IB) missive that warned of Maoists launching attacks ahead of Kishanji's first death anniversary on November 24, joint forces on Tuesday morning raided Jhitka and Helibiha forests in Jangalmahal and seized a huge cache of ammunition and explosives.Some 1,019 cartridges, including those of AK-47, INSAS rifles, 9mm and single-barrel guns, along with seven flash guns and 84 detonators were dug out of a pit. Some of the detonators were connected to wires. The ammunition was hidden near the Santra bridge in Jhitka forest.\"The joint forces had information from the central IB that Maoists were trying to regroup and had stored ammunition in Jangalmahal's forests. On getting the intelligence report, raids were conducted in different parts of Jangalmahal, said West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury.Tuesday's seizure comes close on the heels of an attack by suspected Maoist cadres on a CRPF training camp in Metala forest on September 30. Two jawans were killed in the attack that was reportedly masterminded by Maoist leader Bikash Mahato.While police are investigating the attack, the killings drove home the impending threat from Maoists that the IB had warned them of. Intelligence reports say that some eight Maoist squads still exist in Jangalmahal. Leaders of these squads mostly take shelter in Jharkhand and Odisha and visit Jangalmahal at times to hold meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16738694", "title": "Yash Chopra to film his last shot in Switzerland", "text": "The unit members of 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' will head to Switzerland to shoot a romantic track with SRK and Katrina.Veteran director Yash Chopra prepares to say goodbye to direction with his upcoming film Jab Tak Hai Jaan (JTHJ). In order to keep it special to their instructor, all his assistant directors are designing a wonderful token, as a memento for their guru.Source says \"Adi ( Aditya Chopra ), who is an assistant director on the film, along with the other ADs, came up with the idea of making the last shot magnificent. To make it stand out, they've decided to use multiple cameras and shoot from various angles, giving it a multi-dimensional feel. Yashji is a living legend, and obviously, his last shot has to be a huge moment.\"The unit members will head to Switzerland to shoot the romantic track with SRK and Katrina. Katrina who is currently in Chicago shooting for another film is unaware about the plans, but says whatever the plans are, she is lucky and privileged to be part of the film. \"This movie will always be special as it is Yashji's last direction. I truly feel lucky that he gave me a chance to be part of his rich history. Like I've said earlier, your CV is not complete unless you've worked with Yashji. He takes romance to a different level!\"\"It's a special moment for the unit. We're planning to shoot it in a grand way to be able to freeze that moment for posterity,\" says the spokesperson of JTHJ.However Son Adi will not be present at this special trip due to pre occupied commitments.Yash Chopra started his journey in the film industry as an assistant to IS Johar and then joined his brother BR Chopra, who was a director-producer at the time. In 1959, he made his directorial debut with Dhool Ka Phool .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747505", "title": "Reports on irrigation saw light after Cong-NCP ties strained", "text": "NAGPUR: Revelations about irregularities in irrigation contracts not something new in the state. What's different this time around is that the Congress chose to raise the issue only when its relations with the coalition partner, NCP got strained.Since 2008, four reports from different agencies had been tabled in the state assembly. Each of them gave enough indications of gross mismanagement of affairs in Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC). Former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had been in charge of the water resources ministry for almost a decade. He was then followed by his close aide Sunil Tatkare.Two of the reports were from the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), and two by retired bureaucrat Nandkishore Vadnere. The investigations have so far taken a toll only on the VIDC officers. Inquiries against 45 others also have been ordered.Irregularities in the irrigation sector became a political issue only this year after Congress' ties with its coalition partner NCP got strained and the former declared to come up with a white paper. Congress later on backtracked from its declaration. Now, they have changed their tactics and have brought out a status report carefully limiting it to irrigation works in Vidarbha region alone.The CAG was the first one to prepare a report on the irregularities. It was a performance audit of the Gosikhurd project and CAG had tabled it in the assembly in April 2008. After this the Vadnere Committee report of 2010 covering the same project was tabled in the winter session held in Nagpur. This one man committee was constituted following repeated complaints by the opposition.How ever, the Congress-NCP government tabled only the abridged version of Vadenere report on the last day of the winter session of 2010. This helped in avoiding discussion on the issue. The second part of the Vadnere Committee's finding which covered projects other than Gosikhurd, came out around six months later. It too had been tabled in the assembly.The basic findings of all the reports were the same but Congress did not raise the matter. For example, the CAG report of 2008 had pointed out that funds to the tune of Rs11.5 crore had been wrongly doled out to the contractors under the pretext of mobilization of advance.The Vadnere Committee also raised the same issue. Finally, when CAG audited VIDC's entire financial transactions it found that Rs300 crore had been doled out as advance. Mobilization advance is a loan given to a contractor to start the work. These funds were provided despite no such condition prescribed in the tender document.CAG reports of 2008 and 2012 both highlighted issues like huge cost overruns, haphazard management and arbitrary policy in awarding contracts. The Vadnere Committee pointed out cost escalation by contractors. This included methods like adding up even the taxes which were not to be levied in the total cost, and undue inflation of the price of inputs.With departmental inquiry being ordered into the irregularities, those in VIDC feel that they are being made scapegoats. Departmental inquiries were ordered against 14 VIDC officers soon after Vadnere Committee's first report was tabled.The departmental committee had also found certain lapses in setting up the lining of Gosikhurd dam's canals. Action has been taken against the 14 officers. Most of them have been transferred out of the project, said a source.Recommendations by various reportsWith the relations between the parties in the ruling coalition souring many a skeletons in the political cupboard have tumbled out. Reports on irregularities in irrigation sector in the state saw light after Congress decided to intimidate NCPCAG (2008): Effective monitoring at VIDC level over the project funding, pattern of expenditure and execution of various works need to be ensuredCAG (2012): Re-prioritize execution of the projects as recommended by high power committee and ensure budget provision to complete ongoing worksVADNERE COMMITTEE (2012): Inquiry into rates quoted in the contracts and other aspects which led to inflation of cost", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16747065", "title": "No reprieve for leprosy patients at health centres and hospitals", "text": "KANPUR: The grim reality of the National Leprosy Control Program came to light once again here on Tuesday when a poor patient was forced to run around for treatment from the community health centre (CHC) to district hospital. The patient alleged doctors at the district hospital said they did not treat leprosy.Rajkumar (36) from Rasoolabad, suffers from leprosy. Initially, he visited a CHC in Rasoolabad where doctors said there was no treatment available and referred him to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital in Kanpur.On Tuesday, he visited LLR where the doctors confirmed his ailment and prescribed some medicines,all of which were costly and not available in the hospital. Patients at LLR advised Rajkumar to visit district Hospital (Ursala Horseman Hospital) for free medicines. Rajkumar went to the skin department of UHM hospital, where Dr Hargovind Singh, skin expert told him there was no Leprosy treatment or medicine available there.The patient then approached the superintendant-in-chief (SIC) of UHM Dr UC Sinha who advised him to contact district leprosy officer (DLO), Dr RK Yadav. When the patient asked the SIC how he could meet the DLO, the officials said the latter's office was at Ramadevi. The tired patient who was running here and there for his treatment decided to go home instead of meeting another doctor who might give him the same negative answer. Several patients return home every day from CHCs, PHCs and district hospitals deprived of proper treatment. The cases of leprosy mostly draw no response from doctors because the latter think it is communicable.The incident on Tuesday also exposed loopholes of the National Leprosy Control Program of government which makes leprosy treatment free but only on papers.When TOI contacted, District Leprosy Officer (DLO) Dr RK Yadav, he claimed free leprosy treatment was available at all the CHCs, new primary health centres, district hospitals including Ursala Horseman Hospital and Kamlapat Singhania memorial Hoispital. He also said that leprosy treatment was available in all the D-type centers in the district.When given an account of Rajkumar's struggle for treatment, the official was expressed shock and said he will look into the matter personally so that patients could avail treatment.Sources say leprosy treatment is one of the most neglected programme of the State health department. In 2005, health authorities managed to make Kanpur 'Leprosy Free City' after which, availability of treatment totally stopped. Even the funds for the National leprosy Control Program have not been sanctioned properly for the past three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747110", "title": "3 held for attack on college student", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three assailants - wanted in connection with the attack on college student Komal Kohli joined police investigation on Monday and have been arrested by the Chandigarh police.The police will file its report on the matter in the district courts in Sector 17, on Wednesday. Meanwhile, police have failed to recover the blunt weapon, which was used in the attack on Kohli. Accused Lakhbir Singh, Khushwinder and Sukhwinder Singh were arrested under the recently slapped charges of attempt to kidnap and criminal intimidation. SHO of the Sector 36 police station, inspector Bhupinder Singh , said the motive behind the attack is also yet to be established.The three youths in a white coloured car had attacked Komal at a bus stop in Sector 42 and had also allegedly tried to abduct her in full public view on September 19. Police faced a lot of criticism from various quarters when the three accused were released on bail hours after their arrest on the same day.Sub-inspector (SI) Jagdish Chander, the former inquiry officer in the case, has been suspended for his shoddy probe in the case. A case was registered at the Sector 36 police station. The charges of attempt to kidnap and criminal intimidation were slapped after recording the supplementary statement of Komal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "16746940", "title": "Naga People\u2019s Front against EVMs in Nagaland polls", "text": "KOHIMA: The ruling Naga People's Front (NPF) has opposed the use of electronic voting machines (EVM) in the ensuing Nagaland assembly election.In a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner, NPF secretary general KG Kenye said that the party has deliberated on the pros and cons of the use of EVMs and has come to the conclusion that the universal adult franchise as enshrined in the Constitution of India would best be assured to the people through the use of the ballot paper system.The NPF pointed out that the EVMs provide no physical proof of votes cast and also do not give the voter any physical proof of his or her vote.Furthermore, the NPF said even the most developed countries continue to use the ballot paper during elections. \"Universal adult franchise is the very foundation of democracy and it is necessary that a voter should have physical proof of his or her vote which he or she has cast. Physical proof of every vote ensures transparency and leaves no room for any error or manipulation,\" stated the letter.The NPF also requested the Election Commission of India (ECI) not to use the EVM in the forthcoming elections and to revert back to the Ballot Paper system. If at all any electronic device is to be used, the machine should give a printout or physical proof of a vote that has been cast, it said.At the same time, the regional party has strongly supported full implementation of the usage of the electoral photo identity card which, it said, has not been properly enforced till date.Meanwhile, ECI's deputy election commissioner Sudhir Tripathi visited Nagaland and reviewed the poll preparedness. He met leaders of political parties and also took stock of the ongoing Special Summary Revision of Electoral Rolls, which will be completed by January 1, 2013.Nagaland assembly's tenure comes to an end on March 26, 2013 and the election is likely to be held in February or March next year.Tripathi informed that 84 per cent of the photo electoral rolls have been completed in Nagaland so far and the rest 16 per cent would be completed soon. He said some of the political party leaders have pointed out some inaccuracy in the latest Draft Electoral Rolls as it contains mistakes in names and bogus voters. He asserted that this would be corrected in the Special Summary Revisions and assured of free and fair elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747147", "title": "Youth harasses cops\u2019 daughters, booked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police booked a youth for harassing daughters of Chandigarh police constables in Sector 40 on Tuesday evening.Police said the girls were standing in Sector 40 market, when a youth in a Lancer car, bearing Chandigarh's registration number, arrived and passed lewd comments at them.Peeved at the remarks, one of the girls raised objections and challenged the youth.The SHO of PS 39, inspector Charanjeet Singh, said eyewitnesses mantained that after being challenged, the youth came out of the car carrying an iron rod and threatened both the girls with dire consequences.The girls raised an alarm, and informed the police control room. They also gave the registration number of car (CH-04C-0313) to the police. The youth, however, fled the spot.Police said two houses \u2014 one in Chandigarh and another in Mohali \u2014 have been raided but the accused could not be traced. A case was registered at police station Sector 39.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745918", "title": "Will CM to present white paper or status paper?", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan appears to be facing a piquant situation over the white paper on the irrigation scam. While the CM will have to present it in view of his assurances, he is believed to have informally promised the NCP that, instead, he will submit a status paper on the irrigation projects in Vidarbha.Chavan told mediapersons on Tuesday, \"We will have to present a paper before the state legislature in view of the assurance given in both the houses during a debate on the row over irrigation projects... Wait till the paper is presented.''A senior bureaucrat said the state government could rename the document as status paper and then present it. \"The NCP has taken objection to the entire white paper concept. It feels that the document will be a charge sheet against former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and the Congress will fix responsibility on the NCP for the irrigation department mess. During Congress and NCP leaders' meetings, it was agreed that instead, a status paper will be presented.''On the departmental probe against erring officials, the bureaucrat said, till date, 113 high-ranking engineers are under the scanner. Additional chief secretary and special inquiry officer P S Meena, a senior IAS officer, has started investigating 12 irrigation officials, including two chief engineers, named in the Vadnare Committee report. \"We expect Meena to submit his report in a month.\"The CM on Monday ordered a probe against 45 engineers, including water resources secretary D P Shirke. \"Departmental inquiry against super-class officers is conducted by a special inquiry officer of the rank of principal secretary and probe against all India service officials by a special inquiry officer of rank of additional chief secretary.''The main charge is dereliction of duty. Although there was no provision for mobilization of advance, huge money was allegedly given to contractors and additional works undertaken without approval. \"Showcause notices were issued today; we expect replies in 15 days. The CM has asked the irrigation department to complete the probe in three months.'' The status paper will be drafted in a month. \"The CM has instructed concerned departments to bring out the paper before November 10.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746101", "title": "Speed Post rates rise by up to 56 per cent", "text": "MUMBAI: The postal department has increased the rates of Speed Post deliveries by 42-56% from October 1. This is the first time since 2007 that the tariff has been revised.Domestic charges have been increased from Rs 12 to Rs 17, including service tax, while the 'One India' tariff has gone up from Rs 25 to Rs 39. The department incurs a cost of Rs 54 on each dispatch but absorbs the loss given its public service mandate. Private couriers charge Rs 110.\"The biggest users of Speed Post are institutional users, law firms and corporate entities that dispatch bulk mails. Banks, for instance, use this service to send credit card statements, and even credit cards. Annual reports, high court papers are all sent by Speed Post,\" says outgoing director (headquarters) Abha Singh.Singh points out that despite the increase, this service works out far cheaper than private courier firms. \"The difference is particularly glaring with respect to foreign dispatches. You pay Rs 600 to a courier and merely Rs 150-odd to Speed Post delivery. Ordinary consumers are surprised to learn that we charge such low rates,\" she says.On the occasion of World Post Day on Tuesday, the postal department announced a proposal to instal ATMs at several post offices in the state. \"Banking services are available at several locations but this will enable anywhere, anytime banking. It will give easy access to electronic clearing services and fund transfer,\" said A K Sharma, chief postmaster general of Maharashtra and Goa.World Post Day marks the institution of the Universal Postal Union way back in 1874 in Bern in Switzerland . In India, the department has come a long way from the time it merely couriered letters and parcels to a multi-utility facilitator of products and services. Sharma added there were plans to network all the post offices through computers. \"We are partnering with firms like TCS for training staff, Infosys for full service integration and Sify will handle our network integration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745794", "title": "Bill to give mentally ill a say in their treatment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A person suffering from a mental illness may be allowed to decide whether or not he wants to receive treatment if the Mental Healthcare Bill drafted by the Union health ministry comes through. The bill, which will be brought before the Cabinet for the final nod, introduces a new clause, Advance Directive, which empowers any person \u2014 who has the capacity to make decision \u2014 to decide on the treatment they want to receive. The concept, though new to India, is popular in many Western countries. Under the clause, a person who is not a minor can make an 'advance directive' in writing, specifying the way he or she wishes to be cared for in case of a mental illness. He/she also has the option to nominate an individual or individuals, in order of precedence, as a representative, the draft bill states. The directive has to be signed by a medical practitioner certifying that the person has the capacity to make a mental healthcare or treatment decision, and that the person has made the choice of his own free will, it adds.A senior health official explained, \"People can sign the directive to make the treatment choice in view of an eventuality in future. For example, some of them may not want to be kept alive in comatose and permanently vegetative state with the help of medication. Others might not want to get admitted forever to a mental health institution. The new law, if passed, will give them the liberty to decide all this.\"The draft bill also prohibits electric shock therapy without use of muscle relaxants and anesthesia in adults. For minors, the shock therapy has been banned completely under the new bill. Around 13 crore Indians suffer from some sort of mental illness \u2014 depression, anxiety, schizophrenia and bipolar disorders.Many activists claim excessive power has been given to mental health professionals. \"The advance directive is a welcome decision. But its very purpose is defeated in Section 5 (viii), which states that 'notwithstanding any provision in this section, any advance directive shall not apply to emergency treatment'. It is open to misuse,\" said Javed Abidi of the Disabled Rights Group. He claimed under the new bill, the role of the judiciary has been taken off and a psychiatrist can decide if a person can be put in a mental asylum. Under the present law, Mental Health Act (MHA) 1987, the judiciary has a major role in adjudicating admission to asylums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745648", "title": "Cops to make minority youths job-ready", "text": "KOLKATA: A number of police stations in the city will soon double up as skill development training centres for minority students to equip them for the job market. It's a part of the state government's plan to involve policemen in community welfare projects.Earlier, chief minister Mamata Banerjee had directed police stations in Jhargram to distribute rice to BPL ration cardholders.A number of police stations in north and south Kolkata have been selected for the programme, christened as Project Kiran. Minority youths will be selected for the programme to be funded by the state Minority Development and Finance Corporation. Kolkata Police will be involved in the project as part of its corporate social responsibility.The government expects the cops to strengthen public relations with local youths through the programme. Simultaneously, the youths will be trained in computers, financial accounting, soft skills and English so that they can be more confident during interviews, an official said.Police officers, using their contacts with local businessmen, will also try to employee the students after the completion of the project. Classes will be held in the evenings so that school dropouts as well as college goers can attend them. An officer said that Maharashtra police had already started skill development training for graduates to help them get jobs.The officer said that they would be emphasising on female students. This is because female students are not encouraged to go in for higher studies or take up jobs in certain pockets. The officer said as classes will be held in police stations, female students can easily attend the classes. They hoped there will be no objection from guardians of female students in sending their daughters for the programme.Kolkata Police is already running a CSR project for street children in various police stations. It is known as Nava Disha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745145", "title": "Reality show on public health from next year", "text": "KOCHI: The National Rural Health Mission (NHRM) has mooted a reality show to create awareness on public health among students. The show, to be conducted by the Centre for Development of Imaging Technology (C-DIT), will be serialized on a television channel from January 1.Mission officials in the state said each episode of the programme will have segments of quiz and reality show. \"We had to cut short the reality show segment to 15 minutes of the 40-min episode as we didn't have enough time. From next year onwards, it will be a complete reality show,\" said Dr Santhosh Kumar, consultant, NRHM.\"The participants will be asked to demonstrate various medical procedures during the segment. For example, they will be asked to demonstrate the act of providing artificial breathing to a patient who suffered a heart attack or first aid for a person bitten by snake.\"The participants will be selected through a written test. \"Those clearing the test will be allowed to compete at the district level. Two teams comprising two students each will be selected from each district to contest at the state level. Cash prizes will be given to the first three winners and district-level winners.\"One of the 13 episodes will feature celebrities while each weekly episode will have questions for audience too. The district-level competitions will begin in Ernakulam on October 19.Students from government, aided or unaided schools can take part in the programme, aimed at highlighting health-related issues like importance of using pure water, waste disposal and environmental hygiene. Alcoholism, mental health, communicable and lifestyle diseases will also be highlighted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745681", "title": "Rajarhat to get telefilm academy", "text": "KOLKATA: Here's some good news for film buffs. The government will very soon set up a telefilm academy in Rajarhat.To be named the West Bengal Tele Academy, the institute will function under the state information and cultural affairs department and facilitate the study and promotion of telefilms in the state. A 15-member advisory committee has been formed for the purpose with youth affairs minister Aroop Biswas as the chairman.The other members of the committee are popular actors and directors like Raj Chakraborty, Jisshu Sengupta, Aparajita Auddy, Churni Ganguly and Piyush Ganguly. The joint secretary of the information and cultural affairs department has been selected as the convener of the committee.\"We will hold our first committee meeting soon,\" said Biswas, adding that the popularity of Bengali telefilms has grown over the years and it's now a Rs 600-crore industry. The academy will come as a blessing for film students, most of whom now bank on the Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute located off EM Bypass. It is expected that more youths who want to take up film-making as a career will benefit once the institute becomes functional.A committee has also been formed to look into the issues that stopped the shooting of television soaps in the Tollygunge film studios a few days back. The impasse was settled on Monday following Biswas' intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746893", "title": "Chandy visits Irfan, offers job to his father", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Six-year-old Irfan, the lone survivor of the Karikkakom school van tragedy in which seven nursery children were killed, had a VIP visitor on Tuesday. Chief minister Oommen Chandy, who visited Irfan's house, took stock of his health condition and promised a job for his father, Shajahan.Chandy was accompanied by his wife Mariamma and grandson Effinova. He told Shajahan that the government would soon provide him a job. The CM's visit was prompted by a memorandum submitted by the students of the Carmel Girls' Higher Secondary School. They had requested the CM to give a job to Irfan's father, who is struggling to meet the expenses after Irfan met with the accident.The children had also urged the CM to visit Irfan's house and to personally analyze the situation. \"The students of Carmel school had come to meet me seeking a job for you. The government would seriously consider this and take a decision at the earliest,\" Chandy told Shajahan.The government has decided to provide him a daily wages job at the Karunya pharmacy for the time being. The government had earlier given jobs to one member each from the families of the seven children who were killed in the tragedy. Shajahan, a Gulf returnee, could not go back since Irfan needed the support of a person after the trauma. Irfan is at present unable to recognize people and to move. Though Shajahan had started a rubber retail outlet in Vithura, he had to shut it down as Irfan's condition worsened.The government had earlier sanctioned Rs 10 lakh for Irfan's treatment. He was taken to the Velloore medical college hospital for treatment. Now, the family is unable to meet the expenses since they do not have a permanent source of income. Chandy's wife is taking care of the acupressure treatment of Irfan and she has been a great help for the family since she came to know about Irfan's plight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16747199", "title": "Teachers encourage villagers to save forest", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A group of teachers headed by Mahadeo Mahto (58) along with seven others of Dudhmania High School in Tati Jharia block of Hazaribag led villagers in taking a pledge to save the forests by tying a sacred thread around the trees known as 'raksha bandhan'.The teachers had invited the villagers to form the forest protection committee in 1995 on October 7 and like every year this year too they observed the day as 'environment day'. The committee had spread awareness among villagers about protecting illegal felling of trees and deforestation.More than 25,000 people including men, women and children from around 100 villages of four blocks of Hazaribag, Tati Jharia, Daroo and Bishnugarh located near NH - 100 assembled on Sunday and tied the holy thread after worshiping the trees and praying for its long life.N K Singh, conservator of forests, Bokaro Circle under whose jurisdiction the Dudhmania forest falls said this movement of Mahto proved to be so effective that every village has developed forests and grown trees in each 32 to 50 hectares of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745108", "title": "Crime Branch to probe Shoji murder case", "text": "KOCHI: After a high-level meeting on Tuesday, the state police department decided to hand over the investigation of the Kothamangalam Shoji murder case to crime branch.Police officials said that the decision was taken after the local police failed to nab the culprits and the department felt that a special team must reinvestigate the case.Crime branch is expected to conduct brain mapping and polygraph tests on Shoji's husband Shaji in the coming days. Though police interrogated Shaji several times, they could not get any clear leads.On August 8, Shoji (35) was found dead at her residence near the government hospital.Her throat was slit. The jewellery she wore and the rest that was kept in the cupboard went missing. Shoji used to manage a pharmaceutical shop near her residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16747549", "title": "Students find Miramar footbridge too high to climb", "text": "PANAJI: With no takers for the footbridge over the Miramar-Dona Paula highway near Sharada Mandir School, the area faces a peculiar problem.The footbridge was constructed at a cost of 1.25 crore by a private contractor after an agreement with the previous dispensation at the Corporation of the City of Panaji. It was opened to the public on July 16, 2012.The bridge remains almost entirely unused, bar a few locals and tourists who may venture on the bridge to enjoy the view and click a few photographs.A parent, with a child studying in Sharada Mandir School, told TOI that a number of factors were contributing to the bridge remaining unutilised.\"The bridge is too high and is an inconvenience to children. School children carrying their heavy bags find it difficult and time-consuming climbing so many steps on a hungry stomach, when walking across the road was a mere 10 steps,\" said a parent requesting anonymity.She said, \"On the first day after the bridge was opened to the public, it was raining heavily and due to the slippery condition of the bridge, many children suffered accidental falls.\"Oscar Gonsalves, administrator of Sharada Mandir School concurred. Gonsalves said, \"We had objected to the construction of this bridge when the proposal came up. We felt not only is the structure too high, but it also spoils the beauty of the area.\"He said the school had proposed a flyover from the Miramar circle to the Science Centre to the administration six years ago. The flyover does not have to be very high, but it will be helpful as those going to Dona Paula will not be affected (during the morning and afternoon school rush), he added.He disclosed that the steps of the bridge are at an angle and there have been multiple falls including one where a girl student hurt her back.\"\"We told the government it is not feasible for children to climb up and come down such a high bridge. The government realised this and opened part of the barricade (along the road divider),\" Gonsalves said.While admitting that the school rush hour does create a traffic problem in the area, Gonsalves said the school had requested the KTC to start a bus service from the school to certain major areas in the state such as Mapusa but the KTC was yet to take an initiative on the matter. He said the school along with parents was working on ways to reduce the traffic congestion.Mayor of Panaji Vaidehi Naik said the CCP has yet to decide on what is to be done with the bridge which was the brainchild of the previous CCP dispensation.The contractor had written to the CCP requesting permission to put up advertisements on the bridge as per the agreement but sources said permission is unlikely to be granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16745260", "title": "Dismissed doctor alleges human rights violation", "text": "KANNUR: Cardiac surgeries at the Sahakarana Hrudalayala in Pariyaram Medical College were affected as the hospital authorities had not provided a replacement for the surgeon who was dismissed the other day. According to cardiothoracic surgeon Dr Kuldeep Kumar, who was dismissed on Monday, he was supposed to conduct surgeries on three patients who were in serious condition. \"The hospital it putting the life of patients at stake, and I am planning to approach the Human Rights Commission and also the court regarding this,\" he said.He said he was given the termination letter even as he was doing a cardiac surgery, and this was against the ethics and the service rules, and the termination was for demanding salary hike. He also said that a member of the state human rights commission did not show any interest, when he contacted him in this connection.Meanwhile, the hospital authorities said the allegation was wrong and he was terminated for raising false allegations against the hospital, and also refusing to give a reply to the explanation sought from him in this connection. They also said the termination letter was not given while he was doing surgery. A spokesperson from the hospital also said that alternative arrangements had been made and the surgeries would resume on Wednesday.Meanwhile, K Sudhakaran MP has demanded that the hospital management should be dismissed and criminal case should be registered against them for playing with the life of the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16747180", "title": "Marriages made online may break offline", "text": "PATNA: The mushrooming social media sites and phone a friend have made it easier to develop long-term relationships which, in some cases, soon end up joining hands for life and breaking it at the drop of a hat. Sometimes you dial a wrong number and get the right choice. But, some people find that to sustain and enjoy a happy conjugal life is not that easy as is it appears.Rupali and Rajiv (names changed) became friends through a wrong number and, within a few months, tied the nuptial knot at the registrar's office in Kolkata against their families' wishes. After some time, Rajiv and his family came to know that Rupali used to work as a dancer in theatres before marriage. The relationship got strained and Rupali lodged a false complaint (she admitted) against her husband and her in-laws accusing them of harassing her for dowry. Now that Rupali wants to give the relationship another chance but Rajiv is adamant on ending the marriage.Like Rupali and Rajiv, many youths of the city are engaged in relationships springing from phone calls, SMSs and social networks without realizing the implications.\"Friend request, acceptance, chatting and then dating - four simple steps to find the best person,\" says Mohit, a class XIIth student. Rahul, a IInd year BCom student, finds such relationships thrilling.There are many Mohits but some of them don't desire to meet his partner as they do not want to get emotionally involved with the girls.\"I developed a contact with my ex-boyfriend because of wrong number on my cellphone. He liked my voice and I did his. So we started talking on phone and cultivated our relationship on phone itself. But when I met him, I found that he was not as handsome and was older, too. We broke up,\" says Ritika.Ravi, an entrepreneur, too has a similar tale to tell. \"I got engaged with a girl by virtue of a missed call on my phone. I called back on the number and heard a sweet voice. We soon became phone friends and decided to marry. My parents were happy with my choice but on the day of engagement one of my friends told me that the girl was earlier married to one of his distant relatives and the marriage failed. I was devastated,\" he said.Ashesh Dasgupta, a sociologist, attributes the failure of such relationships to the lack of transparency between the persons. \"They attempt to conceal facts instead of revealing them, may be because of lack of face-to-face conversation,\" he said.Mukesh Kishore, a senior consultant at Assistance in Modification of Behavioural Aspects (AMBA) Counselling Centre, Patna, explains that those who had a lonely childhood are the ones promptly drawn towards such relationships.Noted psychologist and ex-VC, Magadh University, Shamshad Hussain believes family plays a key role in the psychological advancement of a child. It is the normal tendency of the youngsters to get attracted towards the new trend. Parents should cultivate a friendly relationship with their children, he said. \"The parents need to be friendly but at the same time maintain a psychological distance,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16745963", "title": "Job profiles flood UGC's job portal", "text": "LUCKNOW: The academic job portal launched recently by the University Grants Commission is flooded with job seekers, and within a week of its launch, more than 7,500 candidates have already posted their profiles on the website. However, the number of vacancies posted on the portal is less than 10.In a bid to help students in getting specific type of employment and higher educational institutions in hiring the appropriate person, UGC took an initiative to launch a job portal. The portal is designed in a way that will serve both the job seekers and employers. While it will help students to create their academic profiles and bring attention to universities, colleges and other potential employers, it will also enable the employers to post job vacancies.Initially, NET (National Eligibility Test), SET (State Eligibility Test) and PhD qualified candidates will be able to benefit from the portal. This has been done following large-scale unemployment among the NET, PhD qualified candidates over the past few years. Gradually, candidates seeking jobs in education sector will be able to get information about a suitable job.Educationist Prof Mohd Muzammil said, \"Linking higher education with employment is the need of the hour. The job portal will help generate employability especially among NET, JRF qualified candidates who are hunting a job.\" In June 2012, as many as 43,957 of the 5,71,627 candidates who sat for NET qualified the examination. Of this, 3,625 candidates have qualified for Junior Research Fellowship (JRF). Most of them are yet to be appointed. For instance, in Uttar Pradesh, a total of 519 posts in state universities, 974 in 136 government colleges and 2,300 in 331 government-aided colleges are lying vacant.According to UGC officials, the portal will also help employers to verify NET qualified candidates. The portal will also provide for browsing, searching and filtering academic profiles created by qualified candidates on a number of parameters. Besides, the portal facilitates candidates to register and create their profile online.Till date, 3,871 NET qualified candidates, 1,321 NET-JRF candidates, 720 SET candidates and 1,783 PhD candidates have already registered. However, the number of jobs posted includes one each for assistant professor, assistant librarian and web developer, and two each for lecturer and principal.Welcoming the move, Maulindu Mishra, a college teacher said, \"Job portal is a boon for students as well as job providers. It's a single platform to get information about the jobs available. To make it a success, all universities and colleges should come forward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746788", "title": "Court orders publication to pay Rs 1 lakh compensation to VP Singh's wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has asked a Delhi-based publication to pay a compensation of Rs one lakh to Sita Kumari, wife of former Prime Minister V P Singh, for defaming her by writing an article which claimed that she had claimed that Singh, who was also the Raja Bahadur of Manda, was \"insane\".Holding that the article \"lowered the image of the plaintiff (Sita Kumari) in the eyes of the general public\", Civil Judge Sushant Changotra said, \"A statement made without any basis that a wife has got her husband declared insane is purely defamatory in nature qua the wife... the suit of the plaintiff is decreed with costs for damages of Rs one lakh to be paid by the defendants (publication) jointly and severly.\"The petition, which was filed by the Rani of Manda in 2006, alleged that an article published in the magazine had wrongly mentioned that Sita kumari had declared her husband \"insane\" before the High Court. Her counsel Shashi Shankar also alleged that the publication did not give any evidence to prove that the statement was made before the court and went on to call him \"schizophrenic\" and \"the most unpopular Prime Minister of the country\". \"These misleading statements and words are not only defamatory in nature but also mislead the nation,\" the petition stated.The chief editor of the publication and the author of the article denied all the charges against them and claimed that the fact that Sita Kumari called her husband insane had been reported many times earlier in the press. They also claimed that she made such statement as Singh had donated most of his land to Bhoodan movement headed by Acharya Vinobha Bhave. \"In order to claim that land, the plaintiff contended that said donation was not valid on the ground of unsoundness of mind of her husband V P Singh,\" they claimed.While Sita Kumari produced three witnesses in her favour, the publication did not cross-examine the witnesses. Later, the suit was heard against the publication ex-parte (for one party). After going through the evidence at hand, the court said, \"There is no doubt that V P Singh was a huge public figure who had been the head of the biggest democracy of the world. The right of making fair comments is permissible to the extent of commenting upon the policies of the public figure... the plaintiff has the right to seek damages by complaining publication of statement against her to be defamatory.\"The court also noted that despite giving an opportunity to the publication, they \"neither cross-examined the plaintiff nor the witnesses to prove the statement was a correct fact\". \"All the witnesses have stated that she has been supportive of her family members, friends, relatives and public at large throughout her life and the publication of the defamatory articles had put her in an embarrassing situation,\" the court added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16746980", "title": "Two boats capsize drowning 5 students", "text": "GUWAHATI: At least five school students, including two girls, drowned when two boats capsized at two separate places near Mayong area in Morigaon district on Tuesday morning.In one of the incidents, two boys and a girl, aged 10 to 12 years and students of Burgaon High School died when the country boat capsized in the Burgaon Patikbori area. The students were on their way to school.The victims were identified as Sheikh Farib, Nurjamal Sarkar and Nur Nehar. Nine others, injured in the incident, were rescued and are now undergoing treatment.Locals alleged that the small boats carry surplus passengers, while authorities do not have proper monitoring and checking systems.\"Representatives of the government reached the spot almost two hours later. The damage had already been done by the time the rescue team arrived at the spot,\" said Nurmal Ali, a local.In another incident that took place in the Bholokaguri area, two other school students, including a girl drowned. The boat, carrying six students of Bholokaguri M E School capsized at around 8 am. The two victims were Sobibur Rahman and Akhtara Begum.One student is still said to be missing and the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) have been roped in for the search operation. The rescue operation is still on.\"We are doing our best. However, it is not possible to stop these boats as locals have no other way to cross the stream,\" said Paragjyoti Barua, SP Morigaon. During floods, students use such small boats to travel to their respective schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16747629", "title": "In Loutolim murder, accused sent to 10-day police custody", "text": "MARGAO: A day after residents held police to ransom demanding they hand over the alleged killer of their village mate, Luis Baptista, the hamlet of Cavorta in Loutolim went back to its regular calm on Tuesday.It may have been because the accused, Santosh Subanna Pujari, was no where near the village. Instead he was relegated to 10 days of police custody by the judicial magistrate first class, Margao.The 25-year-old native of Gulbarga in Karnataka is accused of murdering the 24-year-old Baptista, who was found dead meters from his residence on Saturday.Maina Curtorim police have also attached the alleged weapon used in the crime and the clothes worn by the accused on the day of the murder.Speaking to TOI, police sources said the presence of local MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco on Monday evening had aggravated the tension in the village on the day.They claimed that there was no such agitation on either the day of the murder or even on Tuesday.Police had taken Pujari to the murder site on Monday as part of the investigation. Angry villagers gheraoed the police seeking that he be handed over to them. They even blocked the Loutolim-Borim road. The standoff continued till late night when Pacheco rushed to the site.Police sources said that by then the situation was under control and the local sarpanch had intervened and had calmed the crowd. Police sources said the crowd wanted another person, known to both Pujari and Baptista, to be arrested and reinforcements had been called to prevent any law-and-order situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747035", "title": "Now, Punjab has a department to attract investment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to accelerate industrial growth in the landlocked agrarian state, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal - riding high on his party's comeback to power earlier this year - has introduced a first-of-its-kind cabinet portfolio, exclusively for attracting investment in the state. And, it has been headquartered outside Punjab, in the national capital of Delhi.Christened as department for investment promotion, it will be headed by Sukhbir Badal.\"The department was introduced to revive industry as well as to create employment opportunity. The objective is to remove redtapism and make a single window system functional through industrial reforms,\" Sukhbir Badal told TOI.The initial focus will be on sectors like textiles, food processing and dairy. Set up in Delhi on May 26 this year, it's being locally managed by Punjab's resident commissioner Kalpana Baruah, an IAS officer of 1985 batch, who has been given this department's charge as its principal secretary.The department has also formed a Punjab Investment Advisory Council (PAIC), which has top honchos of companies as its members. The council has five sub-committees, including healthcare, infrastructure, skill development, industries and IT &amp; IT-enabled services.These sub-committees are headed by officers of principal secretary rank - Vinny Mahajan (health), PS Aujla (PWD), SS Channy (technical education) and A K Talwar (industries and commerce).Two meetings have already been held where several captains of industry, including Apollo group chairman Onkar S Kanwar, Max Healthcare chairman Analjit Singh, Avantha group chairman Gautam Thapar and Airtel vice-chairman Rakesh Bharti Mittal, attended.In its May meeting, a number of decisions, including the introduction of Punjab Common Infrastructure (Regulations and Maintenance) Act 2012, were taken.This Act lays emphasis on creation of industrial infrastructure through public-private partnership. \"Decision to set up multi-skilled centres of technical education at Amritsar, Bathinda, Ludhiana and Hoshiarpur were taken,\" Baruah told TOI over phone from Delhi.A German company, GIS, has been roped in to use the Hub-and-Spoke (HAS) model for introducing training-cum-production and employment opportunities in these cities.\"This means the hub will be at this big cities and smaller towns around them will have small industries where they will be employed,\" said Baruah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16747107", "title": "Family knew about girl\u2019s murder", "text": "PANCHKULA: Investigation of the murder of Anuja, 17, has revealed that her family members maintained silence despite being aware of the girl's killing at Kasra village in Karnal.Anuja's brother Aman, 20, and maternal uncle Jasmair Singh, 48, were arrested on October 8 and produced before the district courts that sent them to judicial custody on Tuesday. Sources said that to mislead their neighbours, the family had told them that Anuja was at her maternal uncle's house in Rajiv Colony, Sector 17, Panchkula. The custodial interrogation of Aman and Jasmair established that Anuja was strangulated with a rope after she was taken to Morni in May 2011 on the pretext of offering prayers at a temple. Jasmair took help of Aman and Suraj Bhan, who is absconding, and together, they hanged Anuja's body from a tree to make it look like the girl committed suicide. Anuja's skeleton was recovered from Morni hills on July 24, 2011.SHO of Chandimandir police station Satish Kumar said Suraj Bhan is also Anuja's maternal uncle. \"Search is on to nab him and the Karnal police have been informed about the development.\" The victim had a love affair with a boy of her village, who was also from the same community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746250", "title": "Sena holds march for hawkers' rights in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad unit of the Shiv Sena took out a morcha of hawkers on Tuesday to press for implementation of hawkers' zones, renewal of licences and stopping of anti-encroachment drive targeting the hawkers.Hundreds of hawkers, who were raising slogans and carrying placards, marched from the Chinchwad station chowk to the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) building in Pimpri via the Pune-Mumbai highway. The morcha culminated in a public meeting at the Ahilyabai Holkar chowk in Morwadi.On Sunday, the civic body had tried to evict hawkers from the weekly bazaar at Dange chowk in Thergaon. Sena MP Gajanan Babar led the hawkers to conduct a rasta-roko agitation demanding that the civic authorities stop the action against hawkers.Later, on Tuesday a delegation of Sena leaders led by Babar met PCMC joint commissioner Amrut Sawant and submitted a memorandum of their demands.Babar told TOI, \"The Union government had tabled a bill about hawkers' zones in Parliament in September. Earlier, all state governments had directed the municipal corporations to conduct a survey of hawkers within their limits. The state government had sent three letters to the PCMC in this regard and the civic body had assured the state urban development department about completing the survey of hawkers and giving them licences by December 31, last year.\"He said, \"Also, in 2008, the civic body had conducted a survey of hawkers but failed to demarcate the hawkers zones. We demand that the civic body stop the anti-encroachment drive targeting hawkers, issue licences to the hawkers and renew old licences and create hawkers' zones.\"Meanwhile, Sawant said, \"The municipal commissioner has to take a decision about implementing the hawkers' policy and creation of hawkers' zones. I have only accepted the memorandum on behalf of the municipal commissioner in his absence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16747337", "title": "Amravati to get a facelift", "text": "AMRAVATI: With Rs63 crore sanctioned under the urban development scheme, the city is set to get a facelift.Construction of roads will be an important factor in the beautification work. Since monsoon, many roads are in a pathetic condition.The other works in the plan include construction of a drainage system. Construction of roads will figure in the first phase of the work.The Amravati Municipal Corporation has floated tenders for various works, informed PRO Bhushan Pusadkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746490", "title": "Solar energy is the alternative for Indoreans", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the central government has capped the use of domestic LPG cylinders to six a year, the solar energy might turn out as the most popular alternative source of fuel for Indoreans. The US-based space agency, NASA, in its study, had recently said that Indore was the most suitable place for investing in solar energy, thanks to its strategic location. Secondly, the country boasts to have 300 sunny days on an average.Talking to ToI, Atul K Pandey, a project engineer cum estate officer at IIT Indore, advises the Indoreans to go for solar and other alternate forms of energy. Though it normally costs higher than the conventional sources of energy at the time of installation, still it can turn fruitful in longer run. The cost of such equipment was also coming down constantly with the technological advancement, he added.Located in Bhikangaon, only a few kilometers away from Indore, the Green School Building is made by public-private partnership without and any government aid or electrical connection from the state electricity board. It uses only solar energy for the energy needs, he informed.Dinesh Wadhwa, honorary secretary of Madhya Pradesh state centre of Indian Society of Lighting Engineers, which had recently held a workshop on the topic in Indore, said, \"I have already been using solar cooker and solar heater in my house. However, with the capping of the use of LPG refills, I am now determined to increase my dependency on such appliances in future.\"Mahesh Sharma, who is into electrical wires business, said, \"The cost of electricity is on the rise and hence we must have a back-up plan. Solar energy has come up as a green and clean alternate source of energy for us.\"Akhilesh Jain, chairman, ISLE MP, said, \" Though the initial investment cost for solar energy appliance was quite high, I feel that still it would be the thing of the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745584", "title": "Icomos team to visit sites on October 18", "text": "HYDERABAD: The inspection of the Charmniar, Golconda and Qutub Shahi Tombs which are in the run for Unesco World Heritage tag is expected to take place on October 18 and 19.Experts of the International Council on Monuments and Sites, an advisory body to the World Heritage Committee on Unesco, was scheduled to inspect the monuments on September 25 and 26. But the it did not take place as one of the expert committee members had some problems with his passport.An ASI official at Golconda informed that they had incorporated the suggestions of a sub-committee on world heritage matter which visited the sites earlier in May. \"We were told to repair two arches near Rani Mahal complex besides installing signage boards and clearing the vegetation.\"At the Charminar where a key suggestion was to ensure relocation of religious structures in its vicinity, ASI officials only managed to clear water tanks and other small objects. The fountain in the middle received a chemical wash but has not yet been made functional.At the Qutub Shahi Tombs, the state archeology department has done grassing works near two tombs while also clearing vegetation at a few places. Officials are yet to clear encroachments around the tombs complex. The sub-committee suggested removal of 13 encroachments but just five have been cleared so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16745382", "title": "Sangha hails HC verdict on train", "text": "MANGALORE: Udupi Railway Yatri Sangha has hailed the judgment of Karnataka high court on bifurcation of the augmented 24 coaches of train no. 16517 Yeshwantpur-Mangalore-Kannur night train equally and sending 12 coaches to Kannur and rest to Karwar. Railway authorities not withstanding the opposition from people of coastal Karnataka had extended the night train to Kannur on December 14, 2009.The Sangha found out using RTI that Southwestern Railway (SWR) about the income and expenditure of the train from Mangalore Central to Kannur and back. The 17 bogie train arrives full up to Mangalore Central and from here about only 75 to 80 passengers travel to Kannur. As a result, the train incurs a loss of Rs 2 lakh per day.On this basis, RL Dias, president, Railway Yatri Sangha and Rajeev Gaonkar, vice-president, Paschima Karavali Railway Yatri Abhivridhi Samithi filed a writ in the HC. SWR gave an assurance that the train on its arrival in Mangalore Central will be bifurcated into 10 and seven coaches and 10 will be sent to Karwar and rest to Kannur. However, the railways did not consent to this event even after two years of the verdict. Shankar Bhat, advocate, Bangalore filed a PIL in HC based on the RTI findings and SWR has given in writing that it will submit the time table of Mangalore - Karwar extension and will start the implement the order on or before November 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746816", "title": "Kudumbasree workers call off strike", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kudumbasree workers called off their indefinite strike following a discussion the Left had with the government on Tuesday.The workers, who began the strike in front of the Secretariat on October 2, had been demanding the withdrawal of Rs 14-crore fund sanctioned to the Congress-sponsored Janasree Mission under a centrally sponsored scheme. Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan and panchayat minister M K Muneer held discussions with Left leaders and the government clarified that Kudumbasree would be made the nodal agency for the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana. The state had sanctioned Rs 14 crore to Janasree under the yojana, creating the row. Though the Kudumbasree Action Council has been demanding the withdrawal of the fund, the government said that Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar had sought an explanation on the allocation to Janasree. The government said it was waiting for the Centre's decision, and promised to act on its basis. The Left leaders accepted the assurance and the strike was called off.The government, however, did not give any assurance on another demand that Kudumbasree be made the nodal agency for all centrally sponsored schemes. The council has also been demanding that the government should not choose NGOs for diverting funds. The government had on Monday initiated talks to end the round-the-clock strike, attended by over 2,000 women. Former minister Thomas Isaac and LDF convener Vaikkom Viswan led the Left delegation in the talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745415", "title": "Pitched battle between Kirti Azad and DDCA on proxies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi and District Cricket Association (DDCA) has hit the headlines for the wrong reasons once again.Following former India player and BJP MP Kirti Azad's allegations of fraud membership and systematic rigging of elections in the state association, the issue is being investigated by the oddly-named Serious Fraud Investigation Office.Azad's list features senior DDCA functionaries who he maintains have \"several proxy memberships in the name of relatives\".Azad's allegations are the continuation of a factional fight within the DDCA, with the ex-cricketer not seeing eye to eye with several DDCA administrators.Azad showed documents to allege that big names like DDCA sports secreatary Sunil Dev and general secretary Sneh Bansal have something to answer for.Also in the list are DDCA president Arun Jaitley , vice-president Chetan Chauhan and Narinder Batra, who is also the secretary general of Hockey India. Batra is accused of getting as many as 18 proxy memberships.According to Azad, all the alleged proxy members have the same address as their respective relatives who man top positions in the association. This ensures a strong lobby for the election, Azad alleged.DDCA members dismissed the allegations. A top DDCA official, who didn't want to named, told TOI that having members sharing the same address was no big deal.\"There can be outstation members and there can be several flats in a building as well. Relatives residing outside Delhi need a local address to become members. Therefore, they use the address of their local representative.\"Bansal rubbished Azad's claims. \"The total number of alleged proxies against top officials is less than 150. That can have no bearing on the election. We don't control their votes and we have nothing to do with them.We just help them get the memberships,\" Bansal said, adding that the DDCA has not turned down any cricketer who wants to become a member.Batra, meanwhile, went into counter-attacking mode. \"I know only 10 out of the 18 names mentioned against my name. Those 10 are my relatives, including my wife, son, brother, sister-in-law, nephews and niece.And we all stay together since we are a joint family. All of them have become members through regular procedure. The rest are forged. Kirti is doing all this to malign the DDCA because his sons were not picked to play for Delhi.\"Sunil Dev, too, insisted that there was no foul play involved. \"A few are my tenants and the rest relatives. They have become members going by the right procedure. Two of them have been members for almost 20 years now. I don't care what Kirti says.\"However, Azad stands firm. \"These names have come out of the hard copy given by the DDCA itself.\"He also charged DDCA with ignoring top cricketers. \"You have all kinds of people becoming members here but people like Kapil Dev and Anjum Chopra (former captain of the Indian women's team) are yet to be given membership.\"Azad claimed that former Delhi and India players like Bishan Singh Bedi, Madan Lal, Surinder Khanna, Maninder Singh, Vivek Razdan and Gursharan Singh would join his battle.Interestingly, Khanna, Maninder and Razdan had backed out of Azad's protest against the IPL in May this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746580", "title": "Nawal Kishore cremated with full state honours", "text": "JAIPUR: Former Gujarat governor and veteran Congress leader Nawal Kishore Sharma was cremated with state honours at the Adarsh Nagar cremation ground on Tuesday afternoon. Sharma (87) died at a private hospital here late on Monday night after a prolonged illness.Sharma's eldest son and cabinet minister Brij Kishore Sharma lit the pyre. Governor Margret Alva, Gujarat governor Kamla Beniwal, chief minister Ashok Gehlot and leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje paid floral tributes to the departed soul.The national flag was hoisted at half-mast and the state government declared one-day state mourning in Sharma's honour on Tuesday. Government offices, public sector undertakings and educational institutions remained closed. State cabinet met to pay homage to Sharma, who also served as Union minister and state minister during his political career. UPA chairperson and Congress supremo Sonia Gandhi described Sharma's demise as a big loss to the party.In his condolence message, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi termed Sharma as a true Gandhian, \"a person who lived a simplistic life and who had truly imbibed the democratic values.\" Union ministers Mukul Wasnik and C P Joshi, state ministers Bina Kak, Rajendra Pareek, Shanti Dhariwal and A A Khan, Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi, former assembly speaker Paras Ram Maderna, former union minister Natwar Singh, PCC president Chandrabhan and BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi were among those who offered tributes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16747494", "title": "One in five Indians needs mental health counselling, reveals govt statistics", "text": "MUMBAI: One out of five people need counselling at least once in their lives. What's more, about 6% of people need medications for mental health problems.According to the government's statistics, 20% of Indians need counselling at some point of their lives. One per cent of the population suffers from serious mental health disorders, while 5-10% of Indians suffer from moderate disorders.The figures have prompted the BMC to not only acknowledge mental health problems, but also come up with a multi-pronged proactive approach for the first time to tackle the problems. By December this year, the BMC will start a 'Life is beautiful' helpline in a public-private-partnership. The proposal for a helpline was discussed last year, but failed to take off.\"We will hold a meeting on Wednesday to revive the helpline plan,\" said Manisha Mhaiskar, additional commissioner (health). \"Studies say that there is a golden period before a person commits suicide, wherein, if he/she talks to someone about the problem, a suicide can be prevented. With this idea in mind, we want to create a helpline under a public-private-partnership, which will counsel those contemplating suicide,\" she said.Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of the psychiatry department at KEM Hospital, said that the prevalence of mental health issues ranges from 10 to as many as 370 people per every 1,000 population in various parts of the country. \"We as a society are going through this phenomenon of urbanization and industrialization. While earlier our society was an integrated one, we are now seeing alienation on a large scale. It is because of this that so many people suffer from depression and subsequent mental health problems,\" she said.In fact, depression, the commonest form of mental illness, is prevalent in 30.7 out of 1,000 people in urban areas like Mumbai, according to psychiatrists. Moreover, neurotic depression, a mood disorder consisting of chronic depression with less severe but longer lasting symptoms, is prevalent in 22.8 people out of every 1,000. Psychotic depression, a more serious form that may require hospitalization, is prevalent in 7.8 out of every 1,000 people.Besides, in order to integrate mental health along with general health, the BMC plans to train medical officers for primary counseling of depression patients. \"Within this financial year, at least 26 of the 161-odd civic dispensaries will be equipped with counseling centres. We will soon start training medical officers to do the primary counselling. These dispensaries will in turn be connected to tertiary care hospitals like KEM, Sion and Nair hospitals, where the patients can be sent in case serious problems are detected,\" said Mhaiskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747191", "title": "Girls: Parents tell us to play safe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an interaction session on Tuesday, UT police officers talked to several school students and discussed problems they face. According to Sagrike (name changed), a Class-XI student who lives in Sector 35: \"There isn't a single day when youths on motorcycles do not harass us near the school gate in the afternoon.\"Some students said their parents only tell them to \"maintain distance\" from boys. The students told the police officers that they often experience eve-teasing and mischievous boys make obscene remarks at them. This was the first interaction session that took place at Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 37, and was attended by around 280 students from classes X, XI and XII, majority of them were girls.Ankita Devi of Class XII, a resident of Sector 40, said: \"Buses are full of anti-social elements. My friends and I try to steer clear of any untoward situation but we are not spared. All we do is adjust and put up with the harrowing time we have due to such elements.\"Some girls said CTU drivers do not cooperate with them and do not stop vehicles even at the bus stops.The police officers were surprised to hear the story of a student who said: \"I complained to my mother about the harassment I face. But my mother advised me to stay away and not provoke the boy to attack me for reporting him.\"Nodal officer for support against eve-teasing Harjeet Kaur said, \"School girls are also included in the acts of crime against women. We have advised them to approach the police without any hesitation.\"SP (city) Deshraj Singh urged the students to note down details of vehicles being used by unsocial elements and dial the number 100 in case of emergency. Principal of GMSSS-37 Ravi Raj Kaur said, \"I have advised students to be cautious and instructed boys to stand tough against eve-teasing.\"Since majority of school girls do not carry cellphones with them, police advised them move in groups and avoid going to secluded places or roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745747", "title": "Kidnapped baby rescued from well", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-month-old boy residing in Inderpuri area of southwest Delhi had a miraculous escape when he was rescued from a 50-foot-deep dry well after a kidnapper dumped the baby there fearing that he would be caught.The baby reportedly spent over 40 hours inside the well before a neighbour heard his cries and was rescued.According to the police, the boy had been missing from October 6 and a kidnapping case was registered at the local police station. However, cops could not trace the child even 48 hours after the incident though he was lying in the well, located just 80 metres from the police station.According to the child's father, Vijay Kumar, an electrician, he was sleeping at his house along with the victim \u2014 Chetan \u2014 and his other son Raju when someone came in and picked up Chetan.\"When I woke up on Saturday, I was shocked not to find Chetan in his cot. I reported the matter to the police. On Monday night, my neighbour Kuljeet was returning home when he heard cries from inside the well. He informed us and we rescued Chetan,'' said the father who said he has no clue who kidnapped the child.Chetan has been admitted at the nearby Kalawati Hospital and doctors said that the child has suffered several insect bites. \"He is recovering well but will need more time to be fully fit,'' said a doctor. Police said they believe that personal enmity could be the motive behind the kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16746398", "title": "14-year-old girl who dared Taliban shot at in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Malala Yousafzai, a 14-year-old rights activist who has campaigned for girls' education in Swat Valley, was gravely injured along with another girl student when gunmen fired at her school van on Tuesday in Mingora. Two bearded attackers spotted Malala when she was boarding the van and called her by name before opening fire, Khan Zahir, an eyewitness said.Doctors at the Saidu Sharif Medical Complex in Mingora said she was out of danger and was shifted to the Combined Military Hospital in Peshawar on the orders of PM Raja Pervez Ashraf. He said, \"We have to fight the mindset that is involved in this. We have to condemn it... Malala is like my daughter and yours too. If this mindset prevails then whose daughters would be safe?\"Malala stood out in 2009 for being one of the few students who did not quit attending classes, although, her school in Mingora was blown up by militants. She earned international recognition the same year for championing the cause of the people of Swat by blogging for BBC's Urdu service under a pseudonym \"Gul Makai.\"In her blogs, she highlighted the atrocities of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in Swat. This brought her fame but also made her a soft target and she had made it to the Taliban hit list in March.She was conferred the first National Peace Award by the Pakistani government on December 19, 2011. She was also nominated for International Children's Peace Prize by advocacy group Kids Rights foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16747510", "title": "Teacher kidnaps minor, wife commits suicide", "text": "MADURAI: A tuition teacher, who kidnapped a minor girl over an alleged illicit affair, was arrested on charges of kidnapping, while his wife depressed over these developments, ended her life by immolating.P Rajkumar (40) from Jaihindpuram runs a tuition centre where he allegedly developed an illicit affair with one of his students, a 17-year-old girl.Under these circumstances, they both disappeared on October 5 and the father of the girl filed a complaint with the Jaihindpuram police. Based on the complaint, police made inquiries with Rajkumar's wife Kala about his whereabouts. Frustrated over the issue, Kala returned home after the inquiry on Monday and set herself on fire in her house. She died on the spot due to severe burn injuries.Police sources said that Rajkumar was arrested by the police on kidnapping charges and has been remanded. The couple had two children, age nine and eight years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746818", "title": "Kapil Sibal wants Kerala to join CET club", "text": "KOCHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Union human resource minister Kapil Sibal on Tuesday expressed hope that Kerala will accept the proposed pan-India common entrance test (CET) for admission to engineering and medical courses.Several states including Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Maharashtra and Gujarat, have already agreed to the CET. \"West Bengal has said that it would join by 2015. Institutions like NIT, IIT, IIIT and Central universities have already agreed to be part of it,\" he said in Angamaly.Sibal said 98% of the deemed universities have expressed interest in joining the CET.When asked, state education minister P K Abdu Rabb said the cabinet would discuss whether to join the CET within two weeks, and communicate its decision to the Centre.The HRD ministry proposed the CET for admissions to all medical and engineering colleges, including IITs, NITs and IIITs. The proposal was made to save students from the burden of attending too many entrance exams for admission to the same discipline.Plus-II students in the country have been sitting for several entrance examinations annually. India has 14.86 lakh engineering seats in 3,393 colleges, including the 15 IITs, 30 NITs, four IIITs and five IISERs, apart from colleges in the states and Union Territories.For MBBS aspirants, there are 17 tests to fill 30,000 seats in 271 medical colleges across the country.If the state were to accept the proposal, it would mean that a student can get admission anywhere in the country for undergraduate programmes, he need not write separate exams for each state or institution, and it cuts down the expenses on examination fees. However, there are some drawbacks as well. For instance, will state students be able to compete against the all-India population, and if Plus-II marks carry weightage, what about students appearing for state boards. The normalisation of the Plus-II marks and entrance exam percentage could also be tricky.Akash tablet for every student in five yearsInfrastructure of the virtual world is as important as physical infrastructure, said Sibal, adding that the UPA government is aiming to network 2,50,000 gramapanchayats across the country through the national fibre optic network (NFON).\"The last mile connectivity will be done through broadband,\" he said.Speaking after inaugurating the FISAT science congress on the college campus off Kochi on Tuesday, Sibal said that data will flow at the speed of sound and bring information at the click of a button for farmers who want to know where to fish and when to sow seeds.Meanwhile, every child in the country will have an Akash tablet costing Rs 1,500 within the next five years, Sibal added. The Akash-2 will have a one gigahertz processor with a battery life of four hours, while Akash-3 will have a sim card.Expressing happiness at seeing so many girl students opting for engineering, Sibal lauded the state. \"In no other state will you see so many girl engineering students,\" he said. Earlier, he laid the foundation stone for FISAT science &amp; technology park and research centre.State education minister P K Abdu Rabb laid the foundation stone for the FISAT decennial building, while P C Chacko MP inaugurated the women's hostel and K P Dhanapalan inaugurated the training centre for challenged children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746280", "title": "Scitech Park gets eviction notice", "text": "PUNE: The Science and Technology (Scitech) Park's 'Growth Lab' in Bhosari is facing an eviction notice from the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC).The Scitech Park, which is based in University of Pune campus, is an industry-academia interface funded by the department of science and technology (DST) for promoting innovations and supporting new companies by first generation entrepreneurs.In May 2007, it had opened a second campus, the Growth Lab, at a 21,000 sq ft facility in Bhosari that was acquired on a five-year rental agreement from the PCMC. The term of rent ended in May last year and the civic body's move to reclaim the facility has caused serious concern among the Scitech Park authorities.\"We were very surprised when some civic officials visited the Growth Lab on September 28 and declared that we have to evict the place in two days. All this, without any prior intimation,\" Scitech Park director general and CEO Rajendra Jagdale told TOI on Tuesday. \"Our proposal for an extension of the rent agreement for 20 years is under process and the PCMC standing committee has cleared the same,\" Jagdale said.\"We had made some additional investment in the facility after the then PCMC commissioner Ashish Sharma had informed the DST that the extension of rent period was under process,\" he said.Apart from housing some of the business incubatee firms, started by young entrepreneurs, the facility has a training centre for business incubation; skill development programme and a centre of excellence in e-Governance for carrying out several ministry of urban development approved projects.In fact, the Scitech Park's prime focus remains on areas such as social incubation, data management, sustainable building technologies and material, remote sensing and geographical information system (GIS) and environmental application works to support urban local bodies.Jagdale said, \"We have so far made an investment of Rs 1.70 crore in the building and furniture alone. Not to mention the facilities set up by the incubatee firms and this includes costly imported equipment and instruments. To move all this at a short notice is simply beyond imagination. We have no alternative place and we may have to shut down the facility.\"Sources in the PCMC said that the civic body wants the Growth Lab building for the prupose of opening the offices of two new wards.However, Jagdale said, \"PCMC commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi had visited the Scitech Park office at UoP, before proceeding on a long leave, to discuss the issue and had said that the process of demarcation of limits for the two new wards is still on. Pardeshi told us that they will give adequate prior intimation as and when the need to reclaim the Growth Lab facility would arise.\"Jagdale said, \"We have asked the PCMC administration to give us at least three months time instead of insisting on an evacuation at a short notice. Even then, finding an alternative site remains a difficult propositon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16758805", "title": "Ahead of polls, Navratri dampener for politicians", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: No politician in the state would be allowed to make use of the forthcoming festival of Navratri for electoral gains. The poll machinery has made it clear that anyone doing so would be violating the model code of conduct.A senior official said here on Wednesday, \"Navratri is a religious platform and cannot be used for poll campaigning.\"It was further elaborated that no politician would be allowed to go to various garba venues as special invitees and perform aartis over there. \"He or she can go as an ordinary participant to the venue. They can also perform aarti at their homes, but not at public functions. Garba venues cannot be used as political platforms,\" the official said.Meanwhile, the poll machinery has become more stringent on the material being shown as political advertisement through various means. Officials said political advertisements shown at cinema houses will also be certified by the Media Certification and Monitoring Committees ( MCMC). Earlier, these committees were to certify the material being telecast on television channels and different radio stations. Officials said poll machinery in the state has sought certain clarifications with regards to political material being posted on various social networking sites.Another new feature at the forthcoming assembly polls would be the categorization of employees who would be casting their votes through the postal ballot. This time emphasis is being laid on ensuring that the drivers and cleaners of vehicles requisitioned for conduct of polls cast their votes through postal ballots. The collectors in various districts have been asked to get the bus depot managers and other transport authorities to make preparations for facilitating voting by drivers and cleaners. Similar arrangements are also being made for the categories of polling staff and security personnel.\"We expect more than 3 lakh people to exercise their right to franchise through the postal ballot this time,\" an official said. The official stated that the postal ballots reaching the counting centres by 8 am on the day of the counting would be accepted. The process of counting will start with postal ballots and would be followed by the Electronic Voting machines (EVMs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "16749150", "title": "India and Pakistan again spar over Kashmir at UN", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: For the second day in a row, India and Pakistan sparred over Kashmir at the United Nations after Islamabad made \"gratuitous references\" to it at the world body.During the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 'Report of the work of the Organisation', Pakistan's deputy permanent representative Raza Bashir Tarar said his country appreciates the United Nations' \"continued involvement and oversight in Jammu and Kashmir\" through its peacekeeping mission UNMOGIP (United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan).\"We believe that peaceful settlement of long standing disputes like Palestine and Jammu and Kashmir will help promote international peace and stability and enhance the prestige and sanctity of the UN,\" Tarar said here on Tuesday.India immediately exercised its right of reply, retorting to Pakistan's reference to Kashmir.First secretary at the Indian mission Namgya Khampa said Pakistan has \"regrettably made a gratuitous reference, totally out of context, to the state of Jammu and Kashmir which is an integral part of India. Such remarks deserve to be rejected in their entirety.\"This prompted Tarar to exercise his right of reply in which he remarked that \"gratuitous\" seems to be a \"favoured word\" with the Indian delegation, which uses the word \"every time Kashmir is mentioned.\"\"Suffice it to say that vocabulary cannot be a substitute for truth. If that were the case Noah Webster would be a prophet. I would just confine myself to giving an advice that we should not tackle important long standing festering issues like Kashmir by just trying to cast them aside through such casual remarks,\" he said.In her second right of reply, Khampa said Pakistan has made \"untenable references\" about Jammu and Kashmir \"which is and has always been an integral part of India.\" She reiterated that India rejects these remarks, which have no place in the General Assembly.Tarar used his second right of reply and commented that repetition cannot create the \"illusion of veracity\".He alluded to the previous exchanges with India on Kashmir during the current session of the General Assembly, saying \"that would bring out the truth of the matter\".\"I don't want to further dignify these mechanical retorts that we get in and on something which is of grave international importance as pointed out as underlined by various Security Council resolutions which remain unimplemented to this day,\" he added.This was the second time in as many days that India and Pakistan got into a verbal duel over Kashmir and just a week after the two South Asian neighbours sparred over it at the world body's annual general debate.During the General Debate of the Special Political and Decolonisation Committee on Monday, Tarar had said that the decolonisation agenda of the UN would be \"incomplete without resolution of the Jammu and Kashmir dispute\". He had said Jammu and Kashmir is neither an integral part of India nor has ever been.In response, first secretary at the Indian mission Prakash Gupta had said references to Jammu and Kashmir are completely irrelevant to the work of the committee and asserted that the people of Jammu and Kashmir have repeatedly expressed their free will and \"peacefully\" chosen their destiny in accordance with democratic practices.The war of words came just a week after external affairs minister S M Krishna asserted that Jammu and Kashmir is an integral part of India and termed as \"unwarranted\" reference by Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari in his address to the General Assembly that Kashmir is a \"symbol of failure\" of the UN system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746819", "title": "Goon Om Prakash vanishes from court, arrest warrant issued", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The principal sessions court-II judge on Tuesday issued an arrest warrant against notorious gangster Om Prakash after he mysteriously disappeared from the court room during the proceedings in the afternoon.Om Prakash was the ninth accused in the Aprani Krishnakumar murder case, the trial of which is going on before the court. On Tuesday, two separate petitions were filed by the circle inspectors of Kazhakoottam and Pettah police stations seeking his arrest in connection with two separate cases. Both the petitions were filed through special prosecutor V Sajan Prasad. When the judge was about to consider the petitions in the afternoon, Om Prakash disappeared from the court.The petition by Kazhakoottam CI was related to an attempt to murder on Ullas, the prime witness in the Aprani Krishnakumar murder case on last Friday. Besides Om Prakash, the CI also sought permission to arrest two others, Kochu Vava and Prasanth, who were also facing trial in the same case.On last Friday, Ullas was waylaid by a gang of assailants led by goon Makri Lalu, an accomplice of Om Prakash. An investigation by the police revealed that the accused in Krishnakumar murder case, including Om Prakash, Kochu Vava, Prasanth, Venu Kuttan and Sajith Lal, were also involved in the crime. They had conspired to attack Ullas. The police had arrested Sajith and Venukuttan on Monday.The second petition filed by Pettah CI sought to arrest Om Prakash as he failed to report at the station this Sunday as per the bail clause issued by the court. The court had ordered Om Prakash to report at the Pettah police station every Sunday when he was granted bail in connection with the murder case.Ever since the trial of Krishnakumar murder case began, the witnesses have raised numerous complaints on intimidation. On the first day of the trial itself, the key witness Ullas, complained that his mother was stopped on the way to court by some unknown people and threatened her of dire consequences if he deposes against the accused before the court. Several witnesses had turned hostile during the course of the trial, allegedly owing to intimidation by the accused.On Monday, Ambalamukku Krishnakumar, the prime accused in the murder case had attacked the policemen who accompanied him to court for trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16746663", "title": "Grim quarter: IT revenues seen to rise by just 2-5%", "text": "CHENNAI: With Infosys kicking off the earnings season on Friday, analysts believe that a 2% to 5% growth in revenue (in dollar terms) is likely in the July-September quarter of this year when IT majors report earnings. The September quarter is usually the strongest quarter for IT firms, but analysts see this year as slightly weaker.\"For large caps, we expect a revenue growth of 2% to 4% while for the mid tier firms, it is likely to be in the range 2% to 5%. For Infosys, we have revised revenue guidance to 1%-2%,\" said Shashi Bhushan, senior research analyst at Prabhudas Lilladher, a brokerage firm.While TCS, HCL Tech and Infosys don't provide quarterly guidance, Cognizant has given a guidance of 4.4% quarterly growth and Wipro has guided to a growth of 0.3% to 2.3%. NASSCOM expects Indian tech companies to grow revenues by 11% to 14%.Brokerage firm Angel Broking expects TCS and HCL Tech to perform above industry average while it expects Infosys to grow in the mid single digits. It also says that given the current uncertainty, unfavourable cross currency environment and \"broadly soft\" first quarter results, Nasscom's growth guidance seems to be on the optimistic side. It added that if challenges continue to prevail in the Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) industry, which is the largest revenue generator for IT companies, then the growth trajectory of Indian IT companies will be shaken up.Edelweiss Securities said that it is \"a tad sceptical of Wipro's growth\" and believes that the company will underperform for at least one more quarter. Predicting 1%-4% revenue growth for the top 4 companies, it said that \"TCS and HCL Tech will lead the pack with around 4% growth and Infosys' growth may come a tad closer to around 3%. We expect margins to decline slightly for Wipro and HCL Tech led by wage hike impact, and marginally for TCS due to investments in new initiatives. Infosys is likely to maintain its full year guidance of 5%.\"The firm expects the profit after tax for the IT industry as a whole to fall by 3.9% compared to the previous quarter.Analysts at IDFC Securities expect Infosys, TCS and HCL Tech to report a revenue growth of 3%-5% QoQ (in dollar terms) while expecting Wipro to lag the Tier 1 service providers with a revenue growth of about 2% QoQ.Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research at Kotak Securities , said, \"We expect companies under our coverage to report a sequential revenue growth of about 4%, driven by volumes and the depreciation in the rupee.Volumes for the top-4 companies are expected to rise by 2% - 4%. This will be relatively muted for a quarter, which is considered to be the best for Indian IT companies (July-September period).\" He added that slower growth in discretionary spends and continued delays in spending decisions have likely continued to impede revenue growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "east midnapore", "code": "16745626", "title": "Fake freedom fighters under govt scanner", "text": "EAST MIDNAPORE: When countrymen woke up to a \"free India\" 65 years ago, little did they know that a handful would try to betray their sentiment by faking the \"freedom fighter\" tag just for the comfort of a cushy life.Following an application filed under the RTI Act, as many as 12 such \"freedom fighters\" have come under government scanner in East Midnapore. The district intelligence branch has submitted negative report to the government against many for fraudulently enjoying pension and other facilities provided to freedom fighters.Governments, both the Centre and the state, used to shower the facilities on these \"freedom fighters\" based on \"recommendations\" from R N Giri and Sushil Dhara, another illustrious son of Bengal. They managed to get \"recommendations\" from the duo to avail a Rs 23,500 monthly pension - Rs 19,000 from the Centre and Rs 4,500 from the state - and other freebies such as landline, domestic LPG cylinders and AC II-tier free passes.Although Dhara is no more, villagers of Amritberia in East Midnapore hinted that a racket had managed to get hold of his letterhead and gave the recommendations to those who \"satisfied\" them. The rumour may have some basis because all these complaints have come from three villages, namely Amritberia, Bholsara, and Keshpur.The \"freedom fighters\" were getting the pension under the Swatantrata Sainik Samman Pension Scheme, 1980, (SSSP) with the money being deposited to their accounts at the State Bank of India branches at Mahishadal and Khanchi in East Midnapore. The state government woke up to the fraud two years ago in December 2010 when local reporter Tapan Jana took up the cause. Accordingly Meera Roy , joint secretary to the state government's home (political) department, alerted the ministry of home affairs about the \"unlawful withdrawal\" of SSSP. Copies of the letter were sent to East Midnapore district magistrate, superintendent of police and district intelligence branch to verify the records.District intelligence reports went against many like Nanigopal Samanta, Ananta Kumar Paul, Sridam Chandra Mal, Bishnupada Maity. Some moved the high court after the state government decided to suspend their pension.Even as the Centre has set up a scrutiny panel for the SSSP to categorise applicants based on parameters such as imprisonment, internment, going underground, loss of property while they fought for the country's freedom, there is also a provision for \"secondary evidence\" where a known freedom fighter testifies the applicant's participation.Nanigopal Samanta is a case in point. Freedom fighter Giri certified that Samanta was 61 years of age in 1981, which means he was a minor during the pre-independence period. However, Samanta's age in the 1975 electoral rolls has been mentioned as 43. Nanigopal could not submit the school leaving certificate that is taken as a valid age-proof. The home affairs ministry has rejected his plea as it did to Bishnupada Maity.East Midnapore magistrate Parvez Ahmed Siddique on Monday said: \"I am now with the chief minister who has come to our district. The government has taken some steps.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16745817", "title": "Chaos returns to toll plaza", "text": "GURGAON: Chaos returned on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway as soon as the regular toll operation resumed at the 32-lane toll plaza and a turn near the plaza towards Ambience Mall was closed for commuters from the Gurgaon side on Tuesday evening following the Punjab and Haryana high court's order.This time around, the chaos shifted from the toll plaza to the Udyog Vihar flyover where thousands of commuters, wanting to either go to Ambience Mall or are their residents in the same area, got stuck for long in the absence of any route to reach their destination. This resulted in the stranding of a large number of vehicles on one side of the flyover.On Monday, the HC ordered an end to commuters coming from Udyog Vihar/ Shankar Chowk/ Udyog Vihar flyover taking an \"L-turn\" to go towards Ambience Mall. At the same time those coming from IFFCO Chowk and taking the Udyog Vihar flyover and wanting to go back towards IFFCO Chowk are allowed to take a U-turn just before the toll plaza.For this a barricade was put up at the end of the flyover allowing U-turn. This new arrangement caught commuters unawares and resulted in a commotion. Every affected person was seen arguing with police and staff of Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) managing the traffic. This also resulted in increasing the traffic jam.The regular toll operation started at 5.30pm and soon after that more than a one-kilometre jam starting from the U-turn backwards was formed on the Udyog Vihar flyover.Though there was an improvement at the toll plaza operation and there were no long queues of vehicles waiting to cross the toll plaza on both sides. However, there was no change in waiting time for the commuters going from Gurgaon to Delhi during the evening peak hours. They were forced to wait for more than half an hour in the jam on the flyover.A resident of Ambience Lagoon, Meena Ayri, was agitated and continued arguing with the officials for more than half an hour. She alleged that she was not able to reach her home despite trying all the way around. Why should I pay twice at the toll plaza to reach my home, she asked.As soon as the news of confusion and people's anger over the U-turn ban spread in the evening, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar came to the toll plaza along with officials.In terms of providing interim relief to Ambience Mall-bound commuters and residents living in the area, he said the local administration would approach HC within two days with videographic evidence of mismanagement at the U-turn. Kumar added that currently there was no alternative route available for residents and mall visitors and they will have to cross the toll plaza twice to go towards Ambience Mall.As far as reaching the toll plaza is concerned, commuters are still forced to spend half an hour to cross the traffic mess at the flyover to the toll plaza.There were traffic cops present at the spot to manage the traffic, but heavy traffic volume made their job impossible.A DGSCL spokesperson said, \"We have complied with the court orders and drawn a red line 400 metres away from the toll plaza on both sides of the e-way. The tolling operation is going on smoothly and there is no jam at the plaza.\"Even though the concessionaire claimed it had put up signboards announcing the ban on the U-turn, most of the commuters were not aware of the new diversion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746831", "title": "Nashik boys help Pune race to third place", "text": "NASHIK: A five-member team comprising all boys from the SAI Athletic Centre, Bhosala Military School, Nashik, was instrumental in helping the Pune University team gain third place in the All India Inter-University Cross-Country tournament held at Nagpur.Datta Borse, Suresh Wagh, Kantilal Kumbhar, Ankush Gaikwad and Sankalp Phogat formed the Pune varsity team that went on to clinch the bronze with their outstanding performance in 12.5km running race that went through road, dirt track, hills and artificial ponds.It is after nearly thirty years that the Pune team succeeded in a podium finish thanks to the lads from Nashik said their coach Veejendra Singh.Datta cornered more glory as he also lifted an individual bronze in the event claiming a double crown.This victory, too, was made sweeter due to the fact that it happened after a gap of at least 25 years said the coach. The lone Nashik girl participating in the event, Kojagiri Bachhav, however, had to abandon the race due to injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16746568", "title": "This cycle lets you ride sideways to beat traffic", "text": "LONDON: A US designer has come up with a new concept of \"double unicycles\", which will allow commuters to ride sideways to beat traffic congestion. The 'Bicymple' resembles a unicycle, but with the addition of a front wheel, a frame, and handlebars.Its maker, Josh Bechtel of Scalyfish Designs, based in Washington, believes that it will change the way people cycle. The bicymple is an attempt to make the bike more straighforward, using pedals attached to the rear wheel rather than a chain, the 'Daily Mail' reported. The bicymple can be ridden in two modes - with the rear steering locked, making it feel like a \"normal\" bicycle, or unlocked so it can be ridden in \"crab mode\" allowing tighter turns and even sideways riding.Bechtel said that he wanted the design to make a bicycle simpler than current designs. The lightweight design and short wheelbase make for a nimble ride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16747067", "title": "Education, dietary support for flood-hit kids in \u2018Child Friendly Spaces\u2019", "text": "GUWAHATI: The three devastating waves of floods that wracked the state this year have affected around 1.8 million children, depriving them from food, healthcare and education, said leading international NGO Save the Children.Thousands of malnourished children are still camping in relief camps set up for the flood-hit as most of their families have lost their property and crops in the floods. In such a scenario, to alleviate their sufferings, the NGO has come up with the idea of providing shelter to the flood-hit children in specially-protected areas called 'Child Friendly Spaces' (CFSs).After operating 18 such CFSs successfully in the flood-affected Morigaon district, the NGO is now planning to set up another 45 CFSs in the Nalbari, Tinsukia and Barpeta districts. These CFSs will provide educational and dietary support to children of families whose houses have been ruined and crops washed away by the floodwaters of the Brahmaputra river and its tributaries.\"Considering the recurring floods in Assam, which badly affected the lives of the children, we have decided to work here throughout the year,\" said Save the Children CEO Thomas Chandy at a press conference here.Describing the third wave of floods as the worst to have hit the state, Chandy said a total of 4.89 million people were affected by the deluge this year.Besides organizing seven health camps across the state, the NGO and its partners have distributed Rs 130 per day each to 800 flood-hit families for 10 days of social work. The NGO distributed food baskets, tarpaulins, blankets and play kits among the kids.Save the Children is planning to reach out to around 35,000 children in 10,200 households in the districts of Barpeta, Nalbari in lower Assam and in Morigaon district in the coming days.The NGO has started relief work in the flood-hit Tinsukia district of upper Assam.In Morigaon, Save the Children volunteers are tracking the health conditions of the children in the CFSs and providing them food, said Ray Kancharla, national manager for emergencies at the NGO. TheNGO is also going to provide education kits to children in the CFSs and will distribute supplementary nutrition among 2,500 flood-affected children from this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747268", "title": "23 Bangalore colleges in AICTE taint list", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are planning to get yourself enrolled in any college offering technical and management courses in Bangalore, proceed with care. The college you are thinking of may be a reputed one, but it could be offering courses without requisite clearance from the All-India Council of Technical Education (AICTE).According to a list issued by AICTE, 23 Bangalore institutions have been found conducting technical programmes without the apex body's approval; there is only one such institution elsewhere in the state. Maharashtra tops the list with 125 disapproved institutions, followed by Delhi with 64 and Andhra Pradesh with 43.The AICTE list speaks volumes about the standards of technical and management education in the IT city.Hari Krishna Maram, governing council member, All-India Management Association, said Bangalore garners the lion's share of disapproved colleges as it is the hub of education in Karnataka.\"The council has been acting strict and even a slight deviation from rules is costing affiliation to many colleges. Moreover, the council's rules are getting more stringent. For example, AICTE says a college with an intake of 120 should also have at least 120 desktops as part of its infrastructure,\" he added.AICTE officials said these colleges are either running courses without approval or are working out of temporary locations.List of Bangalore colleges disapproved by AICTEAcademy of Business Management, Tourism &amp; Research, Hosur RoadAegis School of Business &amp; Telecommunication, Domlur LayoutBangalore Institute of Aeronautical Engg. &amp; Information Technology, NagarbhaviBangalore Management Academy, MarathahalliESQUIRE Academy of Management, ThirumenahalliFocus School of Business &amp; Finance, Sampige Road, MalleswaramIndian Business Academy, Kanakapura Main RoadIndian Institute of Aeronautical and Marine Engineering, PadmanabhanagarInstitute of Business Management &amp; Research, Hosur Main RoadInstitute of Finance and International Management, Banashankari II StageInstitute of Management &Technology;, Banashankari III StageInternational Institute of Business Management, RT Nagar RoadInternational School of Business &amp; Media, off HAL Airport Road, MarathahalliMS Ramaiah School of Advanced Studies, New BEL RoadMATS School of Business MATS Tower, JP NagarNIAM Centre for Analytics &amp; Research Excellence, JayanagarPresidency College of Management, Diamond DistrictSrusti Info System, VijayanagarTASMAC Training and Advanced Studies in Management and Education, BasavanagudiICFAI Institute of Science &amp; Tech, Infantry RoadTraining &amp; Advanced Studies in Management and Communications (TASMAC) Ltd, BasavanagudiInternational Institute of Business Studies, NagawaraInternational Institute of Business Studies, KHB Main Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16747298", "title": "Girl accuses doctor, two others of rape", "text": "PATNA: A 25-year-old girl, missing since September 26 and found unconscious near Danapur railway station on Tuesday morning accused one doctor and two of his associates of raping her.Police admitted her to the Danapur railway hospital. SP (City) Jayant Kant said, \"The girl alleged that the doctor forced her into an illicit relation many times. Police is investigating the matter. No arrest has been made so far.\"A missing person FIR was earlier lodged with Rajeev Nagar police station on October 1 by Rashmi's brother-in-law Dhananjay Kumar. Dhananjay alleged that Rashmi was under the treatment of Dr Ramesh Prasad Singh and his two accomplices, Pranav and Deepu. The doctor had operated upon Rashmi on August 15 and asked her to visit him at regular intervals for check-up, Dhananjay alleged. On September 26 she left her home at Paliganj saying she was going to visit the doctor. But she did not return.According to Rashmi's statement to the police on Tuesday, the doctor raped her on camera during the operation and, later, started blackmailing her. She alleged that Dr Sinha called her several times and forced her to get physical with him. Pranav and Deepu were also involved in her abduction, she said, adding she was probably taken to Ranchi and several other places.However, Sinha denied the allegation. \"I am a retired doctor and have been associated with several hospitals. These are baseless allegations as I, along with my wife, was in Delhi from September 28 to September 30.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16747358", "title": "Varanasi Municipal Corporation to set up heritage cell next week", "text": "VARANASI: To deal and tackle matters related to preservation and promotion of tangible and intangible heritage of the city, Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) is coming up with a heritage cell next week.Additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh said: \"As the city, along with Hyderabad and Ajmer-Pushkar, has been selected for a pilot programme on Inclusive Heritage Resource-based City Development Strategies (IHCDS) initiated by ministry of Urban Development and World Bank, a heritage cell will be constituted in VMC premises. Officials from tourism, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), culture and several other departments will be part of the cell.\"\"The cell, in consultation with experts and stakeholders, would set the priorities and necessities that will be included in detailed project report (DPR) for IHCDS programme for the city. Experts from CEPT University, Ahemdabad, which recently organised a workshop on IHCDS from October 1 to 3 would provide technical support to the cell in the preparation of DPR.Besides, the Heritage Cell will organise a city-level workshop in November to seek advice, expert opinions and ideas for the same purpose. Officials from state and central government and experts from CEPT University and other academic institutions will be present on the occasion.\"Establishment of modern toilets, facilitation centres, information centre for the Ganga and its bio-diversity, removing the cheap graffiti from the walls of the ghats, cleanliness of serpentine lanes, beautification of river front are some of the major plans which will be under taken in the DPR,\" added Singh, who will serve as nodal officer of the upcoming Heritage Cell.Notably, VMC's Heritage Cell is going to serve several functions. \"The cell would serve as discussion and solution forum for many disappearing art forms, cultural performances and existing but ramshackle heritage sites and scenery present in the city,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16746971", "title": "Anjaw survives on supplies by air", "text": "ITANAGAR: Highlighting the devastation in the state's Anjaw district following the recent floods, deputy commissioner CS Jeinow has asked the government to declare the district an 'air-fed' one.\"Connectivity will remain a distant dream in the district for next few months,\" the DC said on Tuesday. Five persons were reported dead in the district during the recent floods.Torrential rain triggered landslides in Anjaw, damaging most of the roads. Major formation cuttings, bridges, culverts, porter tracks and foot suspension bridges (FSBs) were washed away in the floods, de-linking the district from the country. It may take months together to restore connectivity to the district, he said.\"I have never seen such devastation in my 34 year of service,\" the DC said, adding the 58-km Hayuliang-Hawai BRTF Road is being restored at 21-km point by pressing PWD JCBs into service to assist the BRTF. Hayuliang ADC has deployed RWD men and machines to help BRTF restore the Hayuliang-Mompani-Tezu Road.The district has been facing acute shortage of essential commodities. Though the state government approved 32 ration sorties for the district, only a few reached Hayuliang with rice. But sending the ration sorties to nearby places was difficult in the absence of road connectivity. The physical verification to assess losses is impossible, Jeinow said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745788", "title": "Recalibrate mechanical devices or switch to e-meters, drivers told", "text": "MUMBAI: State transport commissioner V N More on Tuesday mandated that all mechanical meters in autos and taxis be recalibrated according to the revised tariff regime within 45 days. The drivers who are opposed to the recalibration, he said, can switch directly to electronic meters by November end.The city has 70,000 autos and 25,000 black-and-yellow taxis that are still fitted with mechanical meters. Their recalibration is required to transition to the new tariff regime which will take effect on Thursday. Under the old system, the meter's base reading of 1 lasted for the first 1.6 km and the reading increased by 0.1 every 200 metres. Under the new system though, the base reading of 1 will be for the first 1.5 km and the reading will rise by 0.1 every 100 metres.Autos and taxis with recalibrated meters will be given a yellow sticker that bears the RTO's stamp and seal as well as a message stating that the meter has been recalibrated as per the October 2012 revised tariff. This will help commuters distinguish between an old mechanical meter and a recalibrated one.The transport commissioner has directed the 150 meter repairers in Mumbai to get more manpower and expedite the process of recalibrating all meters, mechanical and electronic. The amount to be charged per driver has been fixed at Rs 350-400. The process will begin on October 11; its deadline has been set as November 25. If drivers fail to get adjustments made in meters by then, the regional transport offices will launch a crackdown.The Tuesday order did not go down well with unions. A leader of a taxi union warned that there will be stiff opposition to recalibration of black-and-yellows' meters. Mumbai Autorickshawmen Union's Shashank Rao argued the process will be a waste of auto drivers' time and money since they anyway have to switch to electronic meters by March 31 of next year.More said, \"Drivers are being warned not to use fake tariff cards or else the punishment will be severe. Also, if they fail to recalibrate meters, law will take its course.\" The official tariff card will be uploaded on the websites of the transport department and Mumbai police on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747109", "title": "IBM, PEC students to tackle e-waste", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City's e-waste problem, which comprises nearly 10,000 tonnes of hazardous waste, will soon be a thing of the past.Experts from nine countries who represent IBM, in collaboration with PEC University of Technology, will find a solution for it. During a press conference organized by IBM on Tuesday, it was said that PEC university would conduct a \"gap analysis\" of Chandigarh's e-waste disposal during the present times and in future.Of 10,000 tonnes of waste, 6,000 tonnes are being recycled and 4,000 tonnes are dumped at a site in Derabassi, state the latest statistics.The top performers in IBM who are a part of the nine-member team will also work on three other projects, besides e-waste's.IBM Corporate service Corps (CSC) team will be a partner in all these projects to provide assistance.These include CEVA ( Centre for Education and Voluntary Action) marketing and communication strategy, which aims at bringing a change in the teaching-learning methods of the parent community.\"To build the gap by working with the parent community and create awareness about parent education programme are what we aim at,\" said an IBM executive.The other crucial project will be the \"IT security\" best practices framework.PEC and IBM officials stated that \"there was an immediate need to frame \"e-security policy\" for all government departments and crucial functioning units.PEC is also developing an IT security framework for IT infrastructure of Chandigarh that aims at attaining safe, secure and effective critical information process.The last project will be on \"marketing strategy\" and the partners will be youth technical training society (YTTS). In this project, the education of slum dwellers will be taken up. IBM CSC team will assist in fund raising in this programme.\"All these projects aim at developing sustainable solutions for Chandigarh,\" said IBM officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745599", "title": "Commuters object to toll hike on NH-2", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the likely announcement of toll hike on the Delhi-Agra stretch of NH-2, which will be expanded from four to six lanes, a section of commuters have objected to higher charges till services on the stretch improves.The toll charges are likely to be doubled as soon as the widening work starts.In a letter to the highways minister C P Joshi, Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training ( IFTRT), an advocacy body on road transport and automotive sector, has claimed, since \"toll\" is strictly a \"road use charge\" and not a \"fee\", no charge should be levied without \"providing benefit of free movement of traffic and safe journey\".It has alleged that the government has been deceptively terming user charge as fee so that the amount can be charged even without providing better facility or improving service.\"When a highway is being multi-laned there is no cogent reason to continue with the toll because the condition of such under-construction highway becomes worse than non-tolled traditional highways,\" said S P Singh, coordinator of IRTFT.However, NHAI officials said there is no scope of either doing away with higher toll or charging nothing during construction since the contract was awarded with conditions that allowed the contractor to charge revised toll amount.Though the government has been mulling over the proposal to reduce toll charges on such stretches for a while, there has been no progress so far.TOI had reported on June 30 that NHAI chairman R P Singh, in his letter to the ministry, proposed that on such under-construction stretches, the toll charges should be based on the 1997 NHAI toll policy. If that model is followed, the toll charges per km would be 84 paise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746895", "title": "Now, a bill to protect cops, witnesses", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has prepared a draft bill, recommending protection to police officers and witnesses in criminal cases.The bill has been forwarded to the law department for necessary amendments, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said on Tuesday.Speaking to reporters after a high-level meeting of south zone police officers, Radhakrishnan said the security of investigating officers and witnesses was a serious issue, and hence the government wanted to pass the bill in the legislative assembly.He also said the meeting had decided to install more surveillance cameras in south zone police districts. All important places range would be brought under camera surveillance in the next two months.The minister said the move to install cameras was to bring the entire state under surveillance in order to check crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "16747203", "title": "Mamata's slippers, sari to be part of Trinamool poll campaign in Himachal", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Trinamool Congress (TMC), which is contesting polls for the first time in Himachal Pradesh -- after testing the waters in Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Uttar Pradesh -- is hopeful of providing a third option to the people of this hill state in this election. Party leaders here say they would highlight the lifestyle of Didi ( Mamata Banerjee ) and her recent crusade against UPA, which would be their main point during the campaign.'We would be highlighting her sartorial lifestyle -- Rs 20 chappal and Rs 250 sari among other things. This would be our USP. Moreover, the removal of six Union ministers from the Centre is another point to woo the voters here with,\" said Rajeev Jamwal, the party's spokesperson in Himachal Pradesh.Other issues on the party agenda include, said sources, unemployment allowance and free laptops. They clarified that the main focus of their battle would be against BJP and Congress. The party is not in competition with Left, they added.Sources said that Mamata would reach Shimla later this month and the party will start its poll campaign after a small puja. The party is not yet announced its full list of candidates, but is hopeful of winning enough seats to have a major say in government formation. Party leader and MP K D Singh is the party in charge in the state.\"We know that once Didi reaches the hill state, the tide will turn for us. We are new to this state but everybody knows that we are against corruption. I'm sure that there would be positive response from the people of Himachal Pradesh,\" said Jamwal.TMC has fought elections in many states outside West Bengal. It bagged five seats in Arunachal Pradesh, three in Manipur and has some even in Uttar Pradesh. In Himachal, it is planning to field candidates in some seats. It has already decided to field Parmod Sharma from Theog and Jamwal from Palampur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16745967", "title": "Woman stabbed to death in Hasanganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a late night incident, a man stabbed a 40-year-old woman to death allegedly over an extra-marital affair here under Hasanganj police station area on Tuesday night. The woman was identified as Urvashi Tiwari, wife of HP Tiwari, a resident of Niralangar.The accused, identified as Gabbar, a resident of Babuganj locality, the place where Urvashi's parents live, was later arrested by the police.According to reports, Urvashi, along with a family friend had gone to purchase some medicine. While she was returning, Gabbar allegedly intercepted her and stabbed her several times. Urvashi's family friend Omprakash who tried to save Urvashi also received injuries.Urvashi and Omprakash were rushed to the trauma centre, where doctors declared Urvashi dead while Omprakash is undergoing treatment.SSP RK Chaturvedi later talking to mediapersons said the murder was a fallout of an extra-marital affair and added that the matter was being further interrogated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745523", "title": "Corporation loo plan sinks, fewer toilets to be constructed", "text": "CHENNAI: Only 2,000 public toilets will now be constructed in the city against the 5,000 proposed as there has not been enough response from contractors.Chennai Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the modern pre-fabricated toilets would come up in a few months. \"We faced difficulty in getting contracts for 5,000 toilets. So we have decided on installing 2,000 toilets,\" he added.Officials said they had identified the locations for the new toilets across 15 zones. A senior official said, \"We have made some changes in the designs and revised tenders will be floated in a few weeks.\" In a bid to attract firms, the contract period for the toilets will be extended to 20 years from the earlier 10 years. Corporation sources said the tenders would be floated in various packages. \"This will make it more financially viable for the firms,\" the official said.Sources said the corporation was not considering levying any user fee. \"We have asked firms to generate revenue from advertisements. A final decision will be taken after consulting them,\" another official said. The existing brick-and-mortar public toilets will be phased out.According to the plan, the pre-fabricated toilets made of high-density polyethylene or polycarbonate sheet will be installed on a build-operate-transfer basis. The tender makes it mandatory for firms setting up the toilets to maintain them for 20 years.Many of the existing 714 toilets are in bad shape. There have been various complaints about the lack of toilets on most arterial roads and many public places like bus depots and markets. Sulabh, an NGO which has constructed toilet complexes across the country, had maintained 450 toilets in the city until 2007. Civic officials said there was no plan to rope in NGOs for this project. The corporation faced difficulty in getting contracts for 5,000 toilets. So, it decided to reduce the number to 2,000 toilets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746536", "title": "Venturing into the woods to enlighten green minds", "text": "INDORE: In a move to bring young generation close to nature, the research and extension circle of forest department has come up with a nature interpretation centre at Dr Ambedkar Nursery, Bargonda, in Indore district.The centre aims to make the students aware of importance of conservation of bio-diversity. The theme of the centre is 'learning with fun.' It will inform students from schools and colleges about various species of plants, preparation of bio-fertilizers, bird watching, water bodies and its relation with forest and vice-versa, process of grafting of plants and developing saplings, seed sowing and food chain.Chief conservator of forest (Research and Extension Circle), Indore, Pankaj Shrivastav conceptualized the project. \"We don't want to lecture students here and dissuade them. We want them to experience diversity and beauty of nature and let them decide why they want to conserve it,\" he said.Students of Maharaja Ranjeet Singh College constituted the first batch to visit the centre. Shaligram Sharma, junior research fellow at the college, who was part of the first batch, said that reading about nature and environment in textbooks does not have much impact on minds of the students. It easy to understand importance of bio-diversity and environment when one experiences it. \"Interpretation centers are useful for out-of-the-class study programmes,\" he said adding that lessons learnt about bio-diversity in practical way have long-lasting impression on the students.Principal of the college Dr N Anand said that practical experiences at the centre will be fruitful than holding talks and discussion over nature. The centre will remain open exclusively for institutional tours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16747135", "title": "Milk price hike is honey for farmers", "text": "KOCHI: Prices of all goods and services are headed north in this hike season. So is the price of milk by state's own milk cooperative. Predictably, the public are outraged and debates are raging on media, kitchen and the living room on whether the price hike is really inevitable or an attempt by the Milma to cash in on the mandate it secured from the Kerala High Court last year for finalising milk prices it supplies.If you look at milk production and consumption pattern, less than 30% of households in the state depend on packed milk produced by Milma and around 35 other private milk brands.According to Milma chairman P T Gopala Kurup, Milma supplies around 12.5 lakh litres of milk to consumers in Kerala every day. Of this, Milma's domestic procurement of milk is only 8.5 lakh litres. For the rest of milk, Milma depends on dairies from neighbouring states, mainly Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.As per the rough statistics available with Milma, other p a cke d m i l k brands together sell around 2 lakh litres of milk in the state every day. Unorganised farmers together sell around 16 lakh litres of milk to households in Kerala daily. But the number of farmers and cattle are showing a steady decline for years together. Political intervention in fixing milk prices has been cited as the main reason for making the plight of milk farmers worse in the state. The intervention does not extend to addressing core issues such as fodder price hike and other issues of dairy farmers, experts claim.Milma authorities vow that the price hike has been mooted only to help milk farmers realise their production cost. \"Milma passes 83% of the milk price to farmers. Farmers get an average Rs 23 per litre of milk that Milma sells at Rs 28. The predicament here is that the Rs 23 per litre does not cover even the production cost. As per our latest assessment, the production cost of milk per litre has crossed Rs 30, forcing farmers to leave the profession,\" says Gopala Kurup. The cooperative that moots Rs 5 per litre increase in milk price is also mulling to pass on the hike to farmers, completely.Sources say that the lack of accurate data on milk production and the number of cattle are the main reasons that make the state government's intervention attempts ineffective. As per the statistics of the state government, Kerala produces above 70 lakh litres of milk a day. However, according to officials of the cooperative, milk production could only be around 25 lakh litres a day.\"Milk production was on the rise after last year's price increase. However, the scenario witnessed a drastic change as the price of cattle feed increased substantially. Milma and the government-run Kerala Feeds together cater to 49% of the cattle feed market. Private manufacturers have increased the price of feed per 50 kg bag by around Rs 250 recently. Price hike and scarcity of feeds are forcing farmers to look for other options,\" Milma chairman said.\"The magnitude of milk price increase can be understood well if you compare the price of beef and milk. Five years ago, the price of beef per kg was not even Rs 50. Now it has increased to Rs 180 per kg. Meanwhile, the price of milk has not even increased by Rs 10 during this time\" says Gopakumaran Nair, a milk farmer in the city outskirts here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745770", "title": "Rigged meters to raise fares by 60 per cent", "text": "MUMBAI: The declared hike in auto fares may burn a bigger hole in Mumbaikars' pockets than what appears on first glance. Since an overwhelming majority of mechanical meters are rigged, activists assert, commuters in practice will have to pay about 60% more than the current tariffs.Of the 1.05 lakh autorickshaws in Mumbai, around 70,000 still run on mechanical meters. Most of these devices, activists claim, have been tampered with to reflect higher readings and thereby inflate tariff. For instance, between J N Road in Mulund and Thane check naka-a distance of nearly 2.4 km-the fare currently is Rs 18. But since so many mechanical meters are manipulated, commuters complain that they frequently pay Rs 21.Under the new tariff regime, the official fare for the same distance will be Rs 24. But add to that the effects of rigged meters and the fare in practice will be Rs 29-a 60% rise from Rs 18.\"The hike will really dent people's budgets,\" said consumer activist Sunil Mone. \"So many autos have rigged mechanical meters. Unless this malpractice is rooted out, giving a fare hike makes no sense.\" Mone said cartels of drivers, using ghoda (fast-running) meters, have monopolised pockets of suburbs, particularly places where long-distance buses halt or stop. At these spots, the autowallahs invariably cheat unsuspecting travellers.Housewife Madhuri Shelar said she had just such an experience after alighting from a Pune-Mumbai bus. \"If we argue, the driver usually says the excess fare is due to the waiting period at traffic signals. To our disadvantage, a mechanical meter doesn't show the exact waiting time.\"Activist Aftab Siddique said despite the announcement of fare hike, \"there are autos plying without tariff cards and demanding fixed tariffs (Rs 30 per passenger) in areas like Bandra and Andheri. There is no control over them.\"College student Prashant Bapat claimed he had found even some electronic meters rigged. \"After just 1.2 km, the meter reading changed and the fare rose from Rs 12 to Rs 13.50. Giving a hike to such errant drivers is akin to a bonus.\"Activist G R Vora said the transport commissioner should ensure that his officers are constantly on the lookout for errant drivers. \"The RTO toll-free helpline should be open round-the-clock and every complaint should be handled on a priority basis,\" he demanded.Consumer rights activists and commuters have been demanding for some time that the transport department first remove all the irregularities, including rigged mechanical meters, before effecting a hike. Unfortunately, this has not happened, which has led to a situation where commuters will end up being fleeced more. The government's job is to give a level playing field to the service provider and the consumer. Anything else and the government is failing in its duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16746972", "title": "Rain hits road repair in Dibang Valley", "text": "ITANAGAR: Massive landslides and erosion due to incessant rain for the last one month has badly damaged roads, bridges, culverts in several parts of the Dibang Valley district. The road connecting Roing and Etalin has been washed away at several places, sources in the district administration said.Restoration and repair work has been interrupted several times by the continuous intermittent rain, sources added.Reportedly, the blasting materials \u2014 used to remove the debris \u2014 used by BRO in Etalin- Angolin sector got exhausted. However, the district administration has directed the PWD to supply blasting materials available with it to the BRO.The cement concrete porter track and log-suspension bridges have been either damaged or washed away during the recent rainfall. The departments concerned are directed to inspect the damages and submit reports at the earliest.The essential commodities meant for the villages of Aneli, Maline area in Etalin circle and Arzu circles could not be dispatched due to disruption in connectivity from Roing to Etalin. Patients and passengers are still stranded in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16748771", "title": "HC rules in favour of RGV", "text": "The failure of Department had led toablamegameandconsequent rift between Sanjay Dutt , Dharam Oberoi and Ram Gopal Varma only to later see Dutt and Varma patch up, leaving Oberoi in the lurch.A miffed Oberoi went on to file a case against Varma for non payment of dues amounting to Rs 50 lakh. He took the battle a step further by seeking a stay on the October 12 release of the film Bhoot2 directed by Varma and produced by Alumbra Productions Pvt Ltd.Oberoi's contention was that Bhoot 2 is a film owned by Varma, and Varma owes him Rs 50 lakh for the movie Department , co-produced by both ofthem.However,themattercameup for hearing before the Bombay High Court on Tuesday and the court refused to grant the stay on Bhoot 2's release.Varma and Alumbra Productions Pvt Ltd were represented by lawyer Ajay Vazirani of M/s. Hariani &amp; Co., Advocates &amp; Solicitors. Vazirani told TOI, \"Our victory will set an example in the industry for many who try and stall the release of films a few days prior to their release date in an attempt to extort money from the filmmakers.\"Oberoi however declined to comment. All we can say is while RGV can heave a sigh of relief for now as Bhoot 2 will hit theatres on October 12 as preordained, the war between Oberoi and him looks like it is far from over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747133", "title": "Transfer bail proceedings to Mumbai: Pandian to HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the accused cops in the 2005 Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, Rajkumar Pandian has requested the Gujarat high court to shift the court proceeding on his bail plea to Mumbai.Pandian's application came after the Supreme Court transferred the fake encounter case outside Gujarat on the request by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). Justice R H Shukla adjourned the case till October 16, said the CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani.Pandian argued in this case as party-in-person, and the local CBI court has now declared that the accused would not be in its custody as it was to hand over case papers to the high court for further transfer of case to Mumbai.The suspended IPS officer has filed a bail application before the special CBI court on Mirzapur court campus. His earlier bail applications were rejected by the sessions court as well as the high court.Last week, the high court refused to entertain a bail application filed by another accused cop, N K Amin. The high court did not act on the bail plea citing jurisdiction issue, particularly after the transfer of the case.As per the chargesheets filed by the CBI as well as CID (crime), it was the former ATS SP Pandian who had gone to Hyderabad to abduct Sohrabuddin. However, apparently he made the trip as he had gone to inspect a bomb-blast site in Andhra Pradesh. He has also been accused of playing key role in elimination of the gangster and his wife Kauserbi after they were brought to Ahmedabad.Pandian has also been named an accused in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter, which took place a year after Sohrabuddin's encounter. However, Pandian was never arrested by CID (crime), though he has been in judicial custody in another case for more than five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745962", "title": "Nigerian gets 13-year rigorous imprisonment for carrying drugs", "text": "MUMBAI: A special NDPS court on Monday sentenced a Nigerian national to 13 years rigorous imprisonment after he was found guilty of possessing 2.890 kg of banned narcotic heroin. Okocha Mike was also fined Rs 1 lakh. \"Having regard for Mike's behaviour during the trial, quantity of the seized drug, I am of the view that the accused needs to be sentenced to rigorous imprisonment of 13 years,\" special Judge I M Bohari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16746918", "title": "No open market power for industrialists", "text": "GURGAON: The hopes of Udyog Vihar's power-starved industrialists to buy electricity straight off the open exchange might now be permanently dashed. According to local industrialists, senior officials of Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC), who were in town on Tuesday, declined to approve this proposed move.\"We pitched this idea to them, but the HERC officials were reluctant to go forward with this. At least at the moment this doesn't seem likely,\" said H R Vaish, president of Chamber of Industries of Udyog Vihar. At the open forum, industry owners demanded that the HERC either commit fixed hours of supply and outage, or let the locals move to the open market.\"Power cuts here are erratic. So we asked them to commit uninterrupted supply between certain hours. If this information is provided to us, running our units will become much easier,\" he said.HERC officials have asked the industrialists to stick to the usual DHBVN supply for the moment. \"The officials also said that they will consider reducing the power costs for industrial connections,\" Vaish added.Industry owners have also been consistently against the fixed charges demanded by the discom for low and high tension connections. \"We highlighted the issue of fixed charges at the meeting, and called the HERC's attention to lack of enough substations for the area,\" said an industrialist.A joint meet is also expected to be held in the city in the coming few days, which might be attented by officials of HERC, HUDA and the district town and country planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745846", "title": "Teenage girl gangraped by 4 in Vasai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 16-year-old girl was allegedly gangraped by four men at Valiv in Vasai on Sunday. One of the accused has been arrested from Kurla, while the others are absconding.The girl named the four men who live in the vicinity and were known to the family. The police learnt that Sayed had fled to his relative's house in Kurla from where he was arrested on Monday. The remaining three accused are absconding. Sayed has been remanded in police custody by the Vasai sessions court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745152", "title": "HC seeks state\u2019s stand on ownership rights", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Tuesday ordered the state government to inform its stance on ownership rights over the Halcyon Castle, popularly known as the Kovalam Palace.The directive was given by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice AM Shaffique on a public interest litigation filed by Jana Samparka Samithi secretary Dhanan K Chettiancheril.The society, which claims to be working towards a corruption-free society, said the palace had played a significant role in the state's history and it should be deemed as a monument according to the provisions of Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act of 1958. It said the government was bound to preserve the palace and it did not have the right to dispose it or to hand over its management to a private party.It contended that private groups shouldn't be allowed to use public monuments for their business interests. Political leaders are unnecessarily accommodating business groups and the government's decision to lease the palace out is the result of such corrupt practices, it said. Following media reports on the state decision to hand over the palace and the accompanying 4.13 hectares to RP Group on lease, the group had told the media last month that it is the legal owner of the palace besides revealing that it is willing to hand it over to the state to avoid litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746244", "title": "Impersonator at exam, recruiter held", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Cantonment police on Tuesday arrested Fareed Parvez Sayyed (23), a resident of Mithanagar, Kondhwa, for impersonation during the second year B Com examination at a college in the Pune Cantonment area.A New Modikhana resident, Gaus Shabbir Shaikh (35), who recruited Sayyed for the job, has also been arrested. Sayyed appeared for the exam in place of B Com student Karvan Ahmed Sayyed, who is yet to be arrested.A police team led by sub-inspectors Balwant Gavit and Ashwini Jagtap received a tip-off that Sayyed was writing the cost and work accountancy examination, which was held between 3 pm and 5.30 pm, instead of Karvan.Gavit said the team visited the college and requested the supervisor, Faheem Ansari, to verify Sayyed's identity and hall ticket. College officials found that Sayyed had pasted his photograph on Karvan's hall ticket. Sayyed's identity was learnt from his driving licence.Sayyed told the police that Shaikh had told him to write the exam on Karvan's behalf.Investigations revealed that Shaikh would arrange impersonators for students who were weak in studies. He would take Rs 15,000 per paper and give the impersonator Rs 5,000.\"A paper containing the names of students was seized from Shaikh,\" Gavit said.Ansari has lodged a complaint of alleged cheating and forgery under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices Act against the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16745193", "title": "State jails to use solar energy for power, cooking purposes", "text": "KANNUR: Taking into account the grim power situation and the scarcity of cooking gas in the state, the jail department has embarked on an ambitious scheme to use solar energy for power and cooking purposes in jails.\"This will be for the first time in the country that a whole department will be switching over to solar energy,\" said jail ADGP Alexander Jacob.The project forms part of the modernization plan for prisons in the state for which the 13th financial commission has allocated Rs 154 crore. And for the solar projects in jails, an additional Rs 25.56 crore has been allocated.The project was fist implemented in the Thiruvananthapuram central jail spending Rs 7.9 crore. In Kannur, the Rs 4.86-crore work on solar energy will be inaugurated by home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan on October 12. KELTRON is the implementing agency.\"The jail department now pays nearly Rs 1.3 crore a year as electricity charges. With the revised power tariff, this could go up to Rs two crore. Once this project is implemented, we will be able to save on money, as well as avoid power blackouts,\" Alexander Jacob said. Owing to dearth of funds, the department had to pay Rs 17,36,000 to the KSEB as last year's due.The Kannur central jail now pays a monthly electricity bill of nearly Rs two lakh. \"Once the solar energy project is implemented, the bill could be considerably reduced. It may also be possible for the jail to become 100 per cent self reliant in energy needs,\" said Kannur central prison superintendent Sam Thankayyan.According to officials, most of the jail-breakouts and clashes take place when there is power outage. Once solar energy is introduced, there will be 12 hours power back-up, ensuring uninterrupted supply during night hours.Since the solar panels would be installed on rooftops, the temperature inside the jail would come down by around 8 degree Celsius, the officials claimed.Eco-friendly cookingUnder the new system, jails also aim to shift to solar stream cooking, thus saving huge amount spent on cooking gas. This will also reduce environmental pollution.Nearly Rs 40 lakh is now being spent on purchasing LPG cylinders in jails in the state. With the hike in price, and abolition of subsidy, this bill could shoot up to Rs one crore. In Kannur alone, the spending on LPG would be Rs 10 lakh as per the revised rate.Moreover, it is also environmental friendly. Since the jail walls are 20 feet high, the carbon dioxide emitted during cooking would remain in the compound itself. This is a health hazard. Under the solar system such a problem will not be there.And once it's introduced, senior citizens behind bars will get hot water for bathing. At present, no jail in the country offers prisoners hot water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16745134", "title": "Tirurangadi lacks infrastructure to host fest", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Dearth of facilities at Tirurangadi, a small town in Malappuram, which is likely to host the latest edition of the state school arts festival, will be a serious hindrance to the successful conduct of the event.It was a high-level meeting presided by education minister P K Abdu Rabb, that had decided to organize the fest, scheduled to be held in January 2013, in the hometown of the minister, rejecting the objections raised by various teachers' organizations.After a controversy erupted over the venue with even the pro-Congress teachers' union protesting strongly against the decision, the education minister appointed a team to ascertain the facilities at Tirurangadi. But even though the visit by the team headed by the DPI, scheduled for Tuesday, was postponed at the last minute, the minister's statement on Sunday that Tirurangadi is appropriate to host the event, shows that the government is not ready to go back from its earlier decision.The education department is planning to hold the event at different venues in and around Tirurangadi town, which is about 2km from Kakkad Junction, near Kottakkal, on the Kozhikode-Thrissur Road (NH 66). The connectivity between the various proposed venues is a major concern. The main venue is the MSP Ground, Kozhichena, which is about 6km from Tirurangadi town. Other venues are: GHS Ground, PSMO College Ground, Yatheemkhana Ground and the Mamburam Bypass Ground. There is no direct bus service connecting these locations.Chemmad, the headquarters of Tirurangadi taluk, is the nearest town. But neither Tirurangadi nor Chemmad has a hotel good enough to accommodate those coming for the fest. There are no guest house facilities available either. For lodging facilities, people will have to travel to Kottakkal town 10km away.Another major concern is that there aren't many direct buses from Kozhikode, Thrissur or other major towns in Malappuram to Tirurangadi or Chemmad. Also, the roads in Tirurangadi are in a poor condition.Another major issue is the lack of train connectivity. The nearest station is in Parappanangadi, about 9.5km from the main venue. Among the 84 trains from Thiruvananthapuram, Palakkad and Kasaragod passing through this station, only 36 stop here. This station also lacks other facilities. There is only one ticket counter, and no rest rooms.However, the town has medical facilities. Two major hospitals \u2014 Tirurangadi taluk hospital and the MKH Hospital \u2014 are nearby. Lailas Hospital, Pathur Nursing Home, Tirurangadi Nursing Home and Modern Hospital are in the surrounding areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16747410", "title": "Airport brings down emission despite becoming a lot busier", "text": "MUMBAI: In the last three years, the number of passengers handled by Mumbai airport has gone up by five million. Still, it is greener in 2012 than in 2009. The reason is a reduction in greenhouse emissions.According to a comprehensive corporate sustainability report of Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL), released on Tuesday, in 2009-2010, indirect emissions of tCO2e (tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent; the unit is a measure of global warming a given type and amount of g re e n - house gas may cause; the unit uses the concentration of carbon dioxide\u2014CO2\u2014as reference) was 57,276. In that period, the airport handled 25.6 million passengers. In 2011-12, the number of passengers went up to 30.7 million, but total indirect emissions fell to 54,300.When it came to direct emissions, for each million passenger, the airport recorded 33 tCO2e of direct emissions in 2010-2011. In 2011-12, the number was down to 31. \"The accounting method uses emission factors approved by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change,\" the report said. Mumbai is the first Indian airport to prepare the report, MIAL said in a statement, adding that the report complies with Global Reporting Initiative standards.MIAL established Carbon Accounting and Management Systems (CAMS) in 2011-12, with an objective to identity emission sources, and measure, manage and report greenhouse gas emissions. Three types of emissions were taken into account: direct emissions from sources owned or operated by MIAL (vehicles and equipment); indirect emissions (consumption of electricity, resulting in the release of greenhouse gases at the generating station\u2014not owned by MIAL); other indirect emissions (employee travel, etc).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16747139", "title": "ESIC road-show begins", "text": "KANPUR: A 'road-show' to aware the employees of organized sector about their rights and benefits under the Employees' State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) kicked-off at ESIC's city office at Sarvodaya Nagar here on Tuesday. A nukkad natak was also organized on the occasion to create mass awareness.PK Srivastava, Additional Commissioner and Assistant Regional Director of Employees' State Insurance Corporation flagged-off the road show. While addressing the locals and media on the occasion he said that the road-show will cover 104 places of the Middle Uttar Pradesh in 30 days and create mass awareness about the rights and benefits of the people working in any organized sector under ESIC.ESIC is a first organization of independent India, which insured the people working under any organized sector. This ESIC insurance scheme was inaugurated by Pt Jawaharlal Nehru in 1952 by being the first insured person of government sector.This scheme was targeted to provide insurance and other social security benefits to the employees of all the government and organized sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746304", "title": "City improvement panel okays building houses on small plots", "text": "PUNE: The city improvement committee (CIC) on Tuesday approved a policy allowing individual houses to be built on small plots of lands. The policy will help regularize unauthorized constructions.\"Several people have constructed houses on small plots. In the absence of a specific policy or rules, these houses are deemed unauthorized. The new policy will give permissions for new constructions and regularize the existing ones,\" said CIC chairman Chetan Tupe on Tuesday.\"The minimum size of such a structure should be 500 sq ft. A front margin has to be maintained, but there is no compulsion on leaving side margins. Two to three storeys can be constructed with 1 FSI. They can avail of an additional paid 0.4 FSI,\" said Tupe.The members of the committee gave a go ahead to the policy which will now become part of Development Council (DC) rules.Tupe said that even owners of smaller plots up to 250 sq ft can benefit from the scheme provided they come up with \"group housing scheme\" where a group of minimum eight plots is mandatory.Occupants of existing houses will have to pay double charges for building permissions. Right now, the PMC charges three times more property tax from them. Once regularized, owners will have to pay regular property tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16747007", "title": "Sweeping powers for VC in Odisha University of Agriculture and Technology Bill", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) Bill 2012, which was introduced in the assembly in the monsoon session recently, proposes to curtail the role of elected representatives in the varsity affairs while giving sweeping powers to the vice-chancellor.If the Bill becomes an Act, incumbent vice-chancellor Debi Prasad Ray will automatically get a two-year extension after his current tenure ends in December. Ray's re-appointment for a second term for three years from December 2009 had invited a public interest litigation, (PIL) which is still pending at the Orissa high court.Consolidating the VC's powers, the bill proposes to allow the VC to nominate three members to the varsity board of management (BoM), the apex decision making body of the university. As of now, the VC can not nominate anyone to the panel. Besides, the Bill proposes to include only one MLA in the BoM, contrary to the present custom of having two legislators on the panel.\"The BoM is the apex body to ensure checks and balances in the VC's functioning. If he or she manages to have his own people in the apex body, there would be no mechanism to scrutinize his or her functioning,\" said a former VC of the varsity on condition of anonymity.According to Clause 24 (7) of the Bill, the VC will hold office for a period of five years or until he attains the age of 70 years, contrary to the existing provision of appointment for a period of three years or till the age of 65. According to Section 50 (2) (C) of the Bill, the incumbent VC would continue in his position for two more years. Ray's current term ends on December 17.Ray is at present enjoying his second term in the office. His first stint at the varsity was from December 2006 to December 2009. Challenging his second term appointment, advocate Madhusudan Panda had filed a PIL in the Orissa high court, stating that it violated the norms of University Grants Commission (UGC) and Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR). The UGC and ICAR norms prevent a second term appointment.Dr Bhagirathi Senapati, a former OUAT VC, said the tenure of a VC should be uniform in all state universities. \"OUAT should not be singled out to make the VC's term five-year-long as it is three years in other universities,\" he said.When contacted, Ray said the new Bill was in accordance with the model ICAR Act. \"The Bill has gone through various government departments and the state cabinet before being introduced in the assembly in the monsoon session. It is not as if I have manipulated something to get a further extension. I will leave the university after my current term ends,\" he said.When pointed out that the model ICAR Act 2009 doesn't recommend VC's nominees to the BoM, he said, \"The government must have introduced the Bill after properly going through all the aspects. It is now up to the government to take a decision,\" Ray said.The Bill, which will replace the OUAT Act 1965, also proposes to abolish the post of ex-officio pro-chancellor, occupied by the state agriculture minister. \"It is just an ornamental post with no executive role,\" the VC said, justifying the move.Contrary to the ongoing practice of two MLAs being made members of the BoM, only one law maker will be a BoM member. Bhubaneswar-Ekamra MLA Ashok Panda said when the matter would come up for discussion in the assembly, all these issues would be discussed. \"I will place my views in the assembly. It is too premature to comment on the matter now,\" Panda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746842", "title": "Why is Nashik so accident-prone?", "text": "NASHIK: Despite the city police achieving a record of sorts by booking over one lakh errant motorists this year, over a hundred people have already lost their lives in fatal accidents, as accident-prone spots continue to remain neglected.Last year, the city police recorded 177 fatal accidents, a figure which roughly translates to 15 deaths every month. While on the one hand, accidents have been known to occur mainly because of increasing traffic on the city's roads, on the other hand, the Mumbai-Agra Highway continues to witness fatalities despite being widened. If police officials are to be believed, the cause for the alarming number of road mishaps is indisciplined driving motorists and incomplete infrastructure which creates dangerous situations for travelling motorists as well as pedestrians.In a city with a population of over 16 lakh, with four lakh vehicles registered, shrinking road space remains a growing problem. However, the maximum number of frequent accidents have been occurring on the highways with the Nashik-Pune Highway and Mumbai-Agra Highwayrecording the highest number.This year, the Adgaon police station recorded a maximum 22 fatalities and 38 non-atalities, wherein the motorists escaped with serious or minor injuries or with a permanent disability.In the Adgaon area, Jatra Hotel, Konark Nagar, Rasbihari Square, Nandur Naka, Amritdham and Aurangabad Road have become known accident-prone spots, senior police inspector attached to the Adgaon police station, S S Daule said.\"While the Mumbai Agra Highway widening has helped prevent head-on collisions between vehicles, the pedestrians are in the area now have to brace for traffic problems. Considering that the area has a large number of residential complexes on both sides of the highway, locals often have to cross the road which exposes them to speeding motorist and road mishaps. Pedestrians here desperately need the services of a footover bridge or subway,\" said Daule.Another police official added that bikers are often knocked down by speeding cars or heavy vehicles, while pedestrians are hit in most cases since they are not able to correctly gauge the speed of vehicles while crossing the road.Panchavati comes a close second with 20 fatalities being recorded in the area. Senior police inspector of the Panchavati police station Bajirao Bholsale said that due to the widened road, vehicles were now being rashly driven at breakneck speed. He said that proposals have already been submitted for the construction of speed breakers at specific points to check speeding vehicles.The Nashik Road area with the third highest number of fatalities at 19, has seen a majority of accidents on the stretch between Shinde and Palse. While three fatalities each were recorded at Shinde and Palse,there have also been frequent accidents at Chehdi, Bangali Baba, Eklahara Road and Lam Road.According to recent reports, road widening work between Nashik Road and Sinnar is likely to begin in the next few months. MP Sameer Bhujbal said that the project has been sanctioned by the Central government's cabinet sub committee and may take two years time to complete once construction begins. The road would comprise subways at Shinde Village, Nashik Sugar Factory, Naigaon Phata, Chehdi and Chincholi Phata.Meanwhile, within the Upanagar police jurisdiction, maximum accidents have been recorded between Fame Multiplex and Upanagar. While the congested road is a prime reason for the road disasters, the lack of good dividers is another cause for poor lane driving. The road opposite the Upnagar Police Chowky, which is an extremely accident prone spot, is an example of this.Mukesh Patil a resident of Upanagar said, \"A number of fatal accidents have occurred on the road opposite the Upanagar police chowkie. But concerned department have failed to take note of the same for the past many years. A traffic signal was put up at Upanagar, but it hasn't mean functioning for many years.\"The Ambad area has witnessed 11 fatal accidents the maximum being near Prakash Hotel, Pathardi Phata and Satpur-Ambad Link Road. The Indiranagar police, who registered eight fatalities this year said Hotel Express Inn, Vadala-Pathardi Road, Vadala-Pakhal Road and Pathardi Phata were the areas that reported frequent accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747209", "title": "Health workers unhappy with verbal assurances", "text": "RANCHI: National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) contract workers expressed their displeasure over the meeting with principal secretary of health K Vidyasagar as he had given them verbal assurance on Monday.The issue of job regularization was one of the major demands of the workers. \"The secretary sidelined the matter saying the issue is a long procedure which will take sometime and the posts need to be sanctioned first. We are unhappy with the way things unfolded as we came with a lot of expectations. But nothing was assured by the secretary in writingso how can we believe that our demands will be looked into. If workers in other states, like Rajasthan, can be regularized, why can't we?\" said Rahul Pratap Singh, the disstrict president of NRHM Contract Workers' Sangh. Some demands were, however, considered. \"Our demands regarding the increment in salary and honorarium will be looked into, assured the secretary. He also assured us about the matter of pension and group insurance being taken care of,\" said Singh.Singh said they would hold a meeting with the presidents of all district units this week to decide upon our next strategy.\"Secretary Vidyasagar said they health workers had some demands and he assured them that their matters would be looked into. tnnThe NRHM workers had gone on a strike regarding their demands of job regularilazation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16749257", "title": "Facebook, Google to be served summons in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior Union Home Ministry official today suggested to a Delhi court to start extradition proceedings to secure the presence of some US-based websites, including Facebook and Google, accused of promoting class enmity and undermining the national integrity here.Appearing in the court in response to its summons to him, the Home Ministry's under secretary Amar Chand referred to the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty (MLat) between the US and India and said instead of issuing summonses against them, the court should initiate extradition proceedings.Metropolitan Magistrate (MM) Jay Thareja, however, said he would not initiate the extradition proceedings against the websites and asked the official to assist complainant Vinay Rai's counsel in filling the forms for service of summonses as prescribed under the MLat.\"In the present case, all the accused are corporations/juristic personalities. It is appropriate that they be served by way of summonses. Therefore, advocate for the complainant has been directed to complete/fill the forms supplied by Amar Chand in response to the summonses sent on June 12, 2012.\"Amar Chand has agreed to assist the advocate for the complainant in filing the forms,\" the court said and posted the matter for further hearing on October 18.The court had earlier directed Amar Chand to appear and explain the process of service of summonses in connection with the case filed against 21 social networking websites for allegedly committing offences of selling obscene materials to youths and criminal conspiracy.The court had directed the ministry on June 8 to get the summonses served to various US-based websites which have been arrayed as accused in the complaint.The websites named in the complaint include -- Facebook, Orkut, YouTube, Yahoo , Blogspot, Google and Microsoft. (More) ABA RAX", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh/amritsar", "code": "16747309", "title": "Rahul coming tomorrow to packed schedule", "text": "CHANDIGARH/AMRITSAR: Rahul Gandhi, visiting Punjab in the next two days, has his plate full. With the schedule packed with meeting Congress workers, students at Panjab University, speculations are rife if Rahul will visit the Golden Temple in Amritsar or steer clear of the controversy around the memorial being built for Operation Bluestar.Rahul will hold Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee meeting at 12 noon at Wind Mill Resort, followed by a convention of Punjab Youth Congress office-bearers 1.15pm at BR Resort. He is expected to meet the present and former members of the legislative assembly, members of Parliament besides Congress workers. District Congress Committee (Urban) president Jugal Kishore Sharma said there was no scheduled visit of Rahul Gandhi to the Golden Temple.Rahul is expected to reach Chandigarh on Thursday and meet former district president and block presidents at Punjab Congress Bhawan in Sector 15. At 1pm, he is expected to attend a students convention at the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16749288", "title": "Ghauri calls sting fake, PCB won't jump to conclusions", "text": "LAHORE: Implicated in the TV sting operation that claims to have exposed corruption by umpires, Pakistan's Nadeem Ghauri is planning to take legal action against the channel after getting the subtle backing of his Cricket Board which has \"decided against jumping to conclusions\".Ghauri and another Pakistani umpire Anis-ur-Rehman have been accused, along with four other umpires from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, of corruption by an Indian news channel which carried out a sting operation to get the umpires to speak on camera.Ghauri has been shown speaking about corruption in cricket by umpires on Skype.But on Tuesday he vehemently denied the allegations and said the video was fake.Ghauri told reporters in Lahore that he spoke to the undercover reporter, who presented himself as a member of a sports management company, with regard to umpiring in the Sri Lanka Premier League (SLPL).\"I repeatedly told him that such matters are not discussed on phone,\" he said.Insisting that the video was fake and had been altered by the channel, Ghauri said he has met Pakistan Cricket Board officials and informed them about his stance on the issue.\"I will take legal action once the board also completes its inquiry,\" he added.Ghauri further said he had told the PCB officials about the SLPL offer and asked if they will allow him to go ahead with it.He claimed that the PCB officials told him that the company which made the offer must contact the board directly.Ghauri said the undercover reporters said they will make him a part of a reality show but an umpire in India, Anil Chaudhry, helped him find out that the offer was a fraud and the company does not exist.The PCB also appeared to be behind its umpires as a spokesman said that it would not jump to conclusions.\"The board has decided against jumping to conclusions over corruption allegations levelled on six umpires, including two from Pakistan, by an Indian television channel, and said that the body was monitoring the situation and is onboard with the ICC on the matter.\"It is a sensitive matter and we don't want to make premature comments but we are monitoring the situation and have been in touch with the ICC about it,\" he said.\"The board maintains a zero tolerance policy towards corruption just like the ICC and the issue will be dealt accordingly after a thorough investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745080", "title": "Day after, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission hard of hearing", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leader Vijay Goel's aggressive attempt on Monday to secure a tariff rollback by holding Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) chairman P D Sudhakar hostage has left people without a voice. With its hearing disrupted and its office vandalized, DERC on Tuesday decided against holding a public hearing again and said that it will instead invite written submissions from people.\"The commission has decided to issue a public notice in a day or two inviting written submissions from the people on the proposed slabs. We have decided not to hold a public hearing again on this issue,\" Sudhakar told TOI. This is likely to delay the final order on the proposed change in tariff slabs by two weeks. \"After the public notice, we will give RWAs a week's time to respond. After this, the commission will take another one week to come out with the final order,\" Sudhakar added.The final order on the tariff could bring relief to low-end consumers having consumption of 200-300 units of power per month. The tariff in the first slab (0-200 units) is Rs 3.70 with consumers in this bracket getting a subsidy from Delhi government. However, the RWAs have been demanding reduction of the rate in the next slab (200-400 units) which is proposed to be Rs 5.70 per unit.Reacting to this demand, Sudhakar said granting it would be possible only if the government increases the subsidy on power. \"We plan our tariff based on the cost of purchase and other expenditure. We are not in a position to lower the tariff. This can be done only if the government increases the subsidy on power,\" he said.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit told TOI her government would consider the subsidy issue after DERC comes out with its final order. \"Let DERC first come out with its order and we will then see what can be done,\" she said.DERC's decision against holding a hearing again, has come as a major blow for RWAs who have described move as \"anarchy in response to anarchy\". Rajiv Karkaria of GK-I RWA said: \"Just because of one unsavoury event that took place because of a politician, DERC cannot take away our right to be heard. You cannot penalize residents for mistakes of leaders.\" Atul Goel of NGO URJA said by deciding against calling a public hearing, DERC has put a question mark over its own existence.The RWAs said DERC is partly responsible for the ugly events that took place on Monday. \"For the past three years, DERC has been sweeping our suggestions under the carpet and only favouring discoms. What happened yesterday was an outcome of the same,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746307", "title": "Doctor tries to settle dispute, stabbed", "text": "BHOPAL: An ayurveda medical practitioner was stabbed and critically wounded when he intervened in a fight between his friend and a group of people here on Tuesday evening.The police said Dr Rajesh Singh had gone with his friend Dr Ravindra to Jain Towers near Nehru Nagar. The latter had told Rajesh that he was having a dispute with few persons, who have called him for a compromise.However, when the duo reached there Ashish, Kamlesh Patel, Imran, Nitin and Neeraj attacked Ravindra after a brief argument.The police said when Rajesh intervened and tried to save Ravindra, he was also attacked by the group with sharp edged weapons and rods. The victim sustained multiple stab injuries in his abdomen and legs in the incident and was later admitted to a private hospital.Police have registered a case under sections of attempt to murder and have also claimed to nab all the accused. Dr Ravindra and some of the accused are having a family dispute that led to the incident, the police added.There was another theory floated by senior police officials. It says that says that the two parties clashed in a birthday party in inebriated state. But it was contradicted from the FIR registered in the Kamla Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746226", "title": "St Joseph\u2019s Convent celebrates Grandparent\u2019s Day", "text": "BHOPAL: St Joseph's Convent celebrated Grandparent's Day recently. Chief guest M C Saxena, former principal of Hamidia College lit the lamp. The programme began with a prayer service followed by a dance. A ballet, depicting the story of a girl child rejected by her grandparents, was staged. Students also presented a welcome song and a theme song. Principal Sr Lilly was also present. The programme concluded with a grand finale called \"Down memory lane\" in which students expressed their gratitude towards their grandparents.Sharda Vidya Mandir: To appreciate and express their gratitude towards their grandparents, the tiny tots of the pre-primary wings of Sharda Vidya Mandir staged a cultural programme at their school premises at Ratibad recently. Grandparents were welcomed in the traditional style and gifts were given to them. Director of the school Vinay Agrawal lighted the traditional lamp. The children presented a dance drama. Principal Shefali Gautam proposed a vote of thanks.Maharishi Vidya Mandir: Derek's faster, smarter and better challenge - 2012, an intra-school quiz was organized by Derek O' Brien and associates on October 5 at Maharshi Vidya Mandir, Ratanpur. The quiz was based on the logical and analytical thinking and general awareness among others. The participants were from Classes VI to X. Urmila Yadav (C C A in charge) welcomed the quiz master - Shaun Ward and his team. There were 4 teams. Winning team Charles comprised Kunal Behl, Rimjhim Sharma, Ankit Dubey and Nikita Giri. It will participate in the inter-school round to be held on October 8 at Sindhu Bhavan. Seema Sarkar, academic in charge, distributed the prizes.Army Public School: Army Public School, Bhopal, bagged the trophy for the Inter-Army Public School cluster basketball competition after defeating Army School, Babina, in the final match. Organized at Jhansi, the winning team beat the rivals 66-20. The man of the tournament was Abhimanyu Yadav. Chairman Brigadier P S Rana and principal Seema Dwivedi congratulated the winning team and its captain Mukul Dev.Bal Bhavan School: Students of Bal Bhavan School will participate in inter-zone CBSE hockey tournament in under-14 and under-19 categories. It would be held in Ajmer on October 11. While the under-14 team is being captained by Zoheb Khan, Hamza Rauf would be the captain for the under-19 team. The teams would leave for Ajmer on October 10 along with coach Mohd Abeed and manager Abdul Hasib.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746853", "title": "Not only highways, arterial roads see mishaps too", "text": "NASHIK: Even as highways passing through the city see most of the fatal accidents recorded, petty accidents have also become a a regular feature on the city's roads. While two to three petty accidents are reported at police stations daily, there are many instances where victims themselves refrain from going to the police altogether.A majority of accidents are the fallout of rash driving on the city roads. Nearly 48,000 two-wheeler drivers have been booked by the traffic cops this year for for various traffic violations. However, Nashik's citizens are of the view that traffic cops have not been able to curb rash driving. Areas like College Road, Gangapur Road and the interiors of the city where the road are less crowded are known to be notorious rash driving spots.According to police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, Nashikites are more concerned about the situation on the city's roads compared to crime.Despite this, there are no concrete efforts being taken to improve the traffic situation. Traffic cops have said that while they have sent a number of letters to the civic administration regarding the need for sign boards, designated parking zones, removing encroachments, putting up speed breakers, etc, but in vain.Deputy commissioner of police Sandeep Diwan said that strict enforcement by the police has ensured that fatalities on the road have not exceeded the average of the last year. Nonetheless, to improve the situation further, a meeting was recently held with the office bearers of the Nashik Municipal Corporation and an organization called Nashik First, wherein various options were considered to streamline the city traffic and bring down the number of accidents.\"Considering the number of fatal accidents occurring in the city, we would be pushing for speed-breakers at accident porn spots. However, this will have to be in accordance with Supreme Court directives,\" he said.The DCP further said that following the recent meeting between the NMC and the police, there will be a continuous follow up with the civic administration to put up sign boards, and work out plans for designated parking spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745771", "title": "Delhi University Teachers\u2019 Association to go on strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University Teachers' Association (DUTA) will start an indefinite relay hunger strike on Wednesday. It said in a press statement that it had no option but to protest against the \"undemocratic\" functioning of the university. The officials, however, assured that classes will not be disrupted.Officials claimed the protest is supposed to highlight the alleged usurping of all academic and decision-making powers by the VC and brazen violation of the statutory procedure. Teachers also decry his unilateral and arbitrary imposition of changes in the structure of teaching-learning and the evaluation system. The proposed four-year-degree plan at the undergraduate level has also been a bone of contention.\"It is shocking that despite widespread criticism, he remains undeterred in his intention to harass teachers, students and karamcharis and browbeat the entire university fraternity into accepting his decisions,\" said DUTA president Amar Deo Sharma. The strike will start at 9am in front of Viceregal Lodge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746080", "title": "Municipal corporation rejigs tankers for cleaner streets", "text": "MUMBAI: To ensure that the city does not wake up to dirty streets, the civic body has started washing the stretches at night with re-assembled vehicles, meant specially to sweep roads even under parked vehicles.Several lanes and bylanes have cars parked on them, making it difficult for BMC sweepers to wash them. \"Patches of roads where cars are parked remained unclean even after being swept regularly. That is because, the sweepers cannot wash the spots under the cars properly,\" said a civic official.Following complaints of unwashed and littered roads, deputy chief engineer (eastern suburbs) Ashok Yamgar from the solid waste management department, along with other officials, reassembled tankers by installing water-jets at their base that help sweepers clean roads under parked vehicles. The BMC fleet has huge tankers\u2014each can hold 10,000 litre water\u2014and they have been installed with motors to pump water from inside. On either side, every tanker is connected with two water jets that have valves to control the pressure. At one go, a tanker can wash a 500-m stretch following which it can go in for refill at civic garages.Last week, the BMC launched the exercise\u2014promised by former municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar in his budget speech\u2014with areas in the island city such as Chandanwadi and Bhuleshwar and soon, the facility will be extended to the suburbs. Roads lined with eateries such as Khaugallis will also be washed with the special tankers making it easier for civic workers to sweep spots under the stalls more effectively.\"Four workers are posted at every vehicle. As the garbage is washed out in the jet of water, they sweep it up from the drains,\" said a senior civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16747158", "title": "Danish Majeed gives up on dairy...", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Danish Majeed, who was running a dairy farm at Kakkattil which produced around 900 litres of milk a day, has closed down the farm following opposition from various quarters.While Danish said it was the political animosity of the CPM that resulted in the closure of the farm, CPM leadership says the farm had become a major source of pollution in the area, forcing local people to come out against the Indian Dairy Farm.\"I have closed down the farm and shifted my residence to Kozhikode. I am planning to start a dairy farm in Tirur on a large scale,\" Danish said. The authorities had asked him to bring down the number of cows in the farm. \"It is not possible for me to implement the suggestion, so I closed down the farm,\" he said.Danish, a B Com student, started the farm seven years ago. \"I had fifty cows of Australian breed in the farm.\" As an activist of the Congress, he was at loggerheads with the CPM in the area, which resulted in many skirmishes. \"There are cases against CPM workers for attacking my farm and house,\" Danish, who is now living in a flat at Kozhikode, said.His new farm will be set in Tirur in five acres of land. \"The land belongs to another person, who will be my partner in the business. We will have around 200 cows and our endeavour will be to distribute farm-fresh milk to different parts of Kerala,\" he said.Danish believes that raising the price of milk will not do any good to farmers as the price of cattle feed has also increased. \"The government should think of subsidising the cattle feed to help the farmers,\" he said.The CPM leaders, however, clarified that they have nothing to do with the closure of the farm.\"Local people cutting across party affiliations had protested against the farm as it was not maintained scientifically,\" M K Santhosh, local committee member of the CPM said. \"Even drinking water sources were polluted by the farm. Congress workers too had signed the petition demanding the closure of the farm. The people were only against the farm, not against the family. There is no threat to Danish from any quarter,\" Santhosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746079", "title": "Man dies after auto driver dumps him", "text": "PUNE: The Wanowrie police are on the lookout for an autorickshaw driver who, instead of taking a pedestrian he had knocked down to hospital, allegedly dumped him near a canal at Hadapsar on the night of October 1.The pedestrian, Latif Mehtab Shaikh (55), who suffered multiple head injuries, was found dead the next morning.Sub-inspector Parmeshwar Thorat of the Wanowrie police station said the autorickshaw driver had lost control over his vehicle and knocked down Shaikh near the railway crossing on the Mohammadwadi-Hadapsar road around 10 pm.When passers-by gathered there, the driver said he would take Shaikh to hospital and drove off towards Sane Guruji hospital at Hadapsar. However, it appears that while on the way, he dumped Shaikh near the canal located near the hospital, Thorat said.An employee of the hospital noticed Shaikh's body the next morning. Shaikh lived at Sayyednagar in Hadapsar. The police have registered a complaint of accidental death.A passerby gave the police two likely numbers of the autorickshaw which knocked down Shaikh. Thorat said that based on these numbers, the police obtained the addresses of two autorickshaw owners and are in the process of tracking them down. \"We have circulated the autorickshaw numbers to all police stations in the city, government railway police and the state transport bus depot too,\" he said.The driver has been booked under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Motor Vehicle Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747106", "title": "Offensive against PLFI continues in 3 districts", "text": "RANCHI: Security forces continued to comb the jungles of Khunti, Gumla and Simdega districts on the second day of the launch of anti-PLFI operations on Tuesday. The security personnel include companies of CRPF, Jharkhand Jaguar , Jharkhand Armed Police and district police.CRPF sources said the PLFI rebels seemed to have sneaked into neighboring Odisha where the operation are not as resolute as in Jharkhand. Simdega shares border with Odisha and thus works as a corridor for the inter-state movement of Maoists. \"The PLFI has more number of informers in the villages than the police,\" said a source.In Khunti district, personnel of the CoBRA, besides CRPF and other security forces are camping in Khunti, Karra and Torpa blocks which have dense forests surrounded by hills. Khunti SP Amarnath Mishra said the combing operations have been continuing both during the day and night. \"As jungles have grown denser in the rain the security personnel are finding it difficult to comb the jungles at a faster pace,\" a source said.Simdega SP Prabhat Kumar could not be reached for comments. A DSP-rank officer, who did not want to be quoted, said: \"Areas from where reports of PLFI presence come are being combed.\" He, however, did not divulge details of combed areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747509", "title": "Missing service records deprive cops their due", "text": "BANGALORE: A non-IPS officer, who went in search of his service records, was shocked to find all his papers since 2003 missing from the state police headquarters on Nrupatunga Road.The home department had asked him to go to the police headquarters to hunt down the papers.\"This is an everyday concern for middle-level police officers. At times, it also affects IPS officers in the state. The problem is acute when officers' names are recommended for the President's or Chief Minister's Police Medals,\" an officer said.A senior IPS officer told TOI the service register and records are kept with unit heads, superintendents of police in districts and the police commissioner in cities like Bangalore, Mangalore, Mysore and Hubli-Dharwad.\"It's shocking that confidential service records of policemen and middle-level police officers are missing. The name of the non-IPS officer whose service records since 2003 were lost was recommended for the President's Medal. But as his service records were not available, he didn't find any place among those recommended for this honour,\" the officer regretted.Insiders blame the trouble on the entire administration lying in the hands of a few superintendents. \"They go on shuffling through several intra-departmental files and service records of individual officers are the last in their list of priorities,\" another officer said.The situation is worse in case of constables, sub-inspectors and inspectors. \"The moment they are transferred from one unit to another, say from traffic to civil police, their records go untraceable. They have to move heaven and earth to find them. These records are crucial when it comes to promotions, increments and service entries,\" pointed out a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745971", "title": "Unable to pay fees, youth ends life", "text": "MUMBAI: Three people, including a girl and an HSC student, committed suicide in three separate incidents in Thane district on Tuesday. According to Kolsewadi police Sagar Gosavi (20) committed suicide at his home in Kalyan by hanging himself from a ceiling fan. The HSC student was apparently depressed because his mother, a domestic help, was unable to pay his class fees. Sagar has two other sisters and their father died when he was a child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16745351", "title": "48 probables, nine standbys in Hockey national camp", "text": "BANGALORE: Look no further than Indian hockey for drama and intrigue. In what may be a first of sorts in recent times, the game saw standbys being named for the national training camp scheduled to begin in Patiala on October 15, when a list of 48 probables has already been released.What has led to raised eyebrows is that all the nine players on the standby list had played in the rebel World Series Hockey (WSH) league, including Gurjinder Singh of Punjab who had won the best defender of the tournament award at the Hockey India Nationals here recently.These standbys, thus, are not eligible to join the national camp as they are serving a \"cooling period\" of one year. So why have these standbys?HI secretary-general Narinder Batra argued that the standbys had been named to counter dropouts or injury. But he did not have a convincing answer when he was told that only WSH players were on the list.\"We have named standbys in order to ensure that we have replacement players on hand if some players drop out or get injured,\" Batra said. \"But I have no idea if somebody who is facing curbs is on the list.\"When asked what stopped Hockey India from including WSH players among the probables, Batra said: \"People cannot commit mistakes and apologize for it. According to FIH rules, there is a cooling period of one year for players under restriction.\"The selectors too washed their hands off the affair. \"We have done our job of picking the best players from the National Championships,\" said Col Balbir Singh.\"Since they (the WSH players) are among the standbys, they cannot join the camp. Only Batra can tell when they can join the camp.\"Meanwhile, 15 members of London Olympics team find themselves in the 48-member list, with the only missing player being midfielder Gurbaj Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "batala", "code": "16747323", "title": "Gastro death toll rises to 11 in Batala", "text": "BATALA: Gastroenteritis has claimed 11 lives in less than a week's time in Gandhi Camp area of Batala in Gurdaspur district, while about 30 patients are recuperating in Batala's civil hospital. Though late, but finally the district administration has swung into action and have started taking preventive measures to check further spread of the disease.Deputy commissioner, Gurdaspur, Abhinav Trikha told TOI that with two deaths on Tuesday, the death toll due to gastroenteritis has risen to 11. He said he has ordered a door-to-door survey in the affected and other slum areas, besides distribution of chlorine tablets and chlorinated water. \"We have ensured round-the-clock medical help,\" he added.But before officials of the health department could reach out to extend a helping hand to the ailing patients, local NGOs have come forward to hold medical camps and distribute free medicines. President of Jan Kalyan Charitable Society, Harman Goraya, said that the society held a medical camp and provided free medicines to patients and helped others reach hospitals.\"Our volunteers went door-to-door to tell people about sanitation and asked them to drink boiled water,\" said Harman. He said the society had also taken up the issue of replacing the old sewage system that led to the outbreak of disease and have demanded suitable compensation to victims.Deputy director, urban local bodies, Pardeep Sabharwal, who took a round of the affected area, said that extra manpower had been provided for proper sanitation, cleaning of sewage, fogging, etc. Four water tankers have been provided to supply chlorinated water in the affected locality. \"Similar measures are also being taken in other slum areas and adjoining colonies,\" he said.Senior medical officer, Batala, Dr Sukhdeep Singh, said that till now, the cause of outbreak of gastroenteritis had not been established, but it was believed that mixing of sewage with potable water caused the outbreak. He said they were providing free treatment to patients. \"Fifty patients were admitted in the hospital, out of which 20 have been discharged after treatment,\" he said.Trikha said that a team from the municipal committee was plugging the punctures in water pipes in the affected and other slum and congested areas of the town so as to prevent mixing of sewage with drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16747522", "title": "CPI jumps on to Cauvery bandwagon", "text": "TRICHY: Now, it's the turn of the Communists to jump onto the Cauvery bandwagon. Left workers staged a demonstration in the delta districts, demanding the release of TN's share of Cauvery water from Karnataka. Hundreds of people were arrested in the morning and released in the evening. The agitations were carried out simultaneously at Trichy, Thanjavur, Tiruvarur and Nagapattinam, and a few thousands of those arrested included CPI's state president D Pandiyan at Thanjavur, CPI's D Raja at Tiruvarur, and senior CPI leader Nallakannu at at Nagapattinam.As many as 3,000 people were arrested while symbolically attempting to stop trains in all three delta districts. Around 250 were taken to preventive custody in Trichy as they entered the tracks at the junction railway station, holding CPI flags and shouting anti-Karnataka slogans.\"The Central government must bring the entire water course of Cauvery under its control with immediate effect. Until such time this is effected, the government should not allot even a unit of electricity to Karnataka from the Neyvelli and Kalpakkam grids. This is an issue that the Centre must decide upon since Tamil Nadu cannot play any effective role in this matter,\" said D Pandiyan in Thanjavur.In Trichy, the agitation was more dramatic. At 10 am, 35 people including 10 women were arrested as they tried to stop the Cuddalore Express. It was followed by a group of around 100 volunteers led by district CPI leader Intrajit and party's farmer's wing leader Sivasuriyan. They were all stopped at the main entrance and not allowed entry into the railway station. A little latter, 15 people including five women sneaked into the platforms, and the police had to chase them away before arresting them. The people picked up a quarrel with the police as they wanted to go further into the tracks to complete their agitation. The agitation was also carried out at Thiruthuraipoondi by MLA Ulganathan. In all, a total of 2,500 people were arrested before being released in the evening. The leaders traced the history of the struggle between the two states for the contentious Cauvery water, and put the blame on the Central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746377", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Stock Exchange to hold roadshow in Rajasthan next week", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh Stock Exchange (MPSE) will hold roadshows in a few cities in Rajasthan next week to bring more members into its fold. The roadshows, from Tuesday to Saturday, will be held in cities like Kota, Bhilwara, Udaipur, Jodhpur, Ajmer and Jaipur. The stock exchange has already held such roadshows at various other places in past which include New Delhi, Mumbai, Punjab, Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh.Talking to TOI, MPSE director Ashish Goyal, who will be heading the team for organizing the roadshows, said, \"We have already marked our presence in 13 states. We want to have our presence in all the states in the country by the end of the current fiscal. Currently, we have got 83 members and registration process is on for inclusion of 45 new members.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746326", "title": "50 years on, China is an opportunity as well as a challenge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifty years ago, India suffered its worst military defeat when China invaded and India buckled. The memory of that defeat \u2014 along with embarrassing revelations of India's misbegotten \"forward policy\", strategic and tactical blunders \u2014 still sends a humiliating chill down Indians' spine. The unspoken thought always is: the war stopped when China carried out a unilateral ceasefire. What if it didn't?The collective Indian trauma that surrounds the 1962 war has informed India's strategic outlook since. India has never made public the Brooks-Henderson report, which analyzed the conflict. Neville Maxwell, whose book, India's China War, squarely blames New Delhi for the conflict was banned in India. We never looked at ourselves critically on that war. And, perhaps, left gaps in future strategic thought.K Subrahmanyam, the late guru of strategic thought, once said, \"India's 1962 burden stems from the fact the defeat of Sela-Bomdilla was papered over and the nation never had the chance of a catharsis. That festering wound continues.\"But half a century later, it's a new generation in both countries. Our strategic destinies have changed. Most 20-somethings know China as a budding superpower, with enviable national attributes, the world's second largest economy. It's an opportunity and a challenge. In these 50 years, India, too, has evolved as a nation, and in military strength.Yet, we remain mired in the 1962 thought. As a society, India doesn't invest in Chinese thought, language or culture and continue to train our attentions to Pakistan or the US. You would be hard-pressed to find Chinese scholars in India.As both nations grow and develop, our greatest challenge is how India learns to live with China. China is certainly an opportunity. It's also a significant challenge, but in several different ways. The border dispute persists, and India remains a notorious laggard in implementing national security imperatives. We fear China, we envy China, we don't want to be China but we want to be as efficient as China.It started with 1962. In the coming weeks, TOI will bring you a rich menu of reports and analysis pegged on the 1962 conflict but we prefer to look ahead. Because we like to let the past inform our future, not constrain it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746076", "title": "Govt, CAG are not adversaries: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: Striking a conciliatory tone towards the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), finance minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday said it was unfortunate that some dissonance had crept in between the government and the federal auditor where they had been cast as adversaries to each other.\"It is my intention and desire, as the finance minister, to work with the CAG and his colleagues to erase the impression of adversaries and restore trust and confidence in all institutions of government,\" he said.Chidambaram's change of stand vis-a-vis the federal auditor comes within weeks of the Supreme Court appreciating the work of the CAG, saying the role of the auditor was not that of a traditional 'munimji' but was to look into the economics and effectiveness of policy implementation.The FM and some of his Cabinet colleagues had criticized the CAG after its report on coal block allocations, saying the auditor had exceeded its brief in commenting on government policies.However, on Tuesday, while addressing auditors general at the CAG auditorium in the Capital, Chidambaram clarified that dissonance had crept in as \"policy making, sometimes, is through trial and error and decisions are taken often without full information and in an environment of uncertainty\". He acknowledged that the SC's recent opinion had brought about greater clarity on this.Appreciating the efforts of the auditor, he said, \"I am confident that the CAG, through his reports, will continue to provide independent and unbiased assurance on how well socio-economic objectives have been advanced, public purpose has been served and how further improvements can be effected.\"Referring to the recent debate on corruption in allocation of scarce resources, Chidambaram said that in recent months, issues relating to probity, ethics and integrity had occupied centre stage. \"That is necessary and correct. I would strongly endorse and support the increased awareness of such issues and urge everyone to join in an informed and healthy debate on such issues,\" he added.The FM said both the CAG and the government had the common objectives of infusing greater transparency, improving financial management and ensuring better outcomes.Speaking on the occasion, CAG Vinod Rai sought the help of the finance minister in strengthening the apex audit institution by amending the archaic DPC Act and giving it wider mandate to audit public private partnership projects and non-government organizations which are spending a lot of public funds.He said more than 50% of plan expenditure was out of the scope of audit and it was important to empower the CAG to bring in transparency in such expenditure. He said on the advice of the FM, in November 2009, CAG had submitted requisite draft amendments to the DPC Act to bring such plan expenditure within audit mandate. However, no progress has been made on the proposal so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16749368", "title": "Jason and I have sex like Kenyan marathon runners: Olivia Wilde", "text": "Olivia Wilde, who has since moved on from the heartache surrounding her split from former hubby Tao Ruspoli after eight years of marriage, revealed a little too much information about her intimate moments in the bedroom with her new love Jason Sudeikis .Explaining that she is currently \"blissfully, hopefully, wildly in love,\" the actress boasted that she and the 'Saturday Night Live' standout \"have sex like Kenyan marathon runners.\"After delivering her monologue hosted by Glamour magazine in NYC Monday night, Wilde elaborated on her personal relationship manifesto.\"Sometimes your vagina dies,\" Us magazine quoted her as telling Vulture magazine.\"Then you know it's time to go. There's no reason to sacrifice your womanhood and femininity for some sort of weird feeling of responsibility to something that may not be right. I feel like far too many women do that.\"[Men] are not allowed to be the only ones thinking with their genitals,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745990", "title": "Cops arrest Haj agent for duping over 2,000 people", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shivaji Nagar police arrested an agent who promised to send people to Saudi Arabia as khadim (helper) during the Haj this year. The accused, Saleem Usman Shaikh, collected Rs 5,000 each from more than 2,000 people and lured them with a free trip to Mecca and a monthly salary of Rs 16,000.Additional commissioner of police Qauiser Khalid said, \"We received complaints from a group of social activists in the second week of September. The victims told the police that Shaikh had promised them a free trip to Mecca and charged Rs 5,000 each for medical examination. He had told many people that their flights were scheduled to leave for Jeddah on September 23. However, he shut his office and escaped on September 11. We traced him at Shivaji Nagar and charged him with cheating.\"Two days ago the police said two youths who had come in an auto with three bags left it saying it was for one 'Saleembhai'. The bags were later given to the police who found 1,468 passports lyingin them. The passports belonged to people from Maharashtra, Karnataka and AP. Khalid said one more case has been registered against Shaikh in a Gulbarga police station. \"We found 350 passports belonging to people from Gulbarga and 280 from various parts of AP,\" said Khalid.Sources said that it was not just Rs 5,000 medical fee.\"The accused person had given the contract for bringing clients to other agents and sub-agents. Many sub-agents charged between Rs 7,000 and Rs 25,000 per person,\" sources said. \"The fraud is much bigger than what has been mentioned in the police record,\" said an observer.The scam, say sources, if probed properly many layers of agents and sub-agents, who cheat people every year in the name of the holy journey, will be exposed. On an average, Haj journey for an Indian costs around Rs 1.5 lakh. The Khadims who are sent by various recruiting agencies to help Haj pilgrims generally pay between Rs 25,000 and Rs 40,000 per head for four months. However, no salary is given to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745546", "title": "US varsities invite CM to lecture on politics", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who had got an invitation from Harvard University last year but could not make it due to time constraints, recently got an invitation each from the University of Kansas and the University of Pennsylvania. Even Havard has made a fresh request, asking her to lecture the students on the politics and culture of the state.Both the US ambassador and the US secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, had praised the CM for her efforts.The universities have requested Mamata to speak on the changing power and gender equations in Bengal. They are keen to hear how she cornered the Marxists in the state. However, Mamata is yet to confirm whether she will be going to the US. The US universities have requested her to finalize a date in November, but it is not clear if she will be making an overseas trip. The CM is known to be averse to overseas trips. She was earlier invited by the Cambridge University , but she had refused due to the political troubles brewing in Bengal then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745603", "title": "Ghumre leads CRMD to victory", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway Mumbai Division (CRMD) carved out a deserving 4-2 win against Abhi Foundation in a Senior Division match of the Mumbai Hockey Association Limited (MHAL) League at the MHA Stadium, Churchgate, on Tuesday.Midfielder Prakash Ghumre played a stellar role in CRMD's victory.He sounded the board twice, once in each half, and was responsible for the other two goals scored by Samir Coutinho.Results: Senior Division: Central Railway Mumbai Division 4 (Prakash Ghumre 2, Samir Coutinho 2) beat Abhi Foundation 2 (Pranav Mane, Rohan Mhatre,).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16745327", "title": "Kerala set for Santosh Trophy", "text": "BANGALORE: Football fans in Kerala are in for a New Year treat with the state set to host the 67th National Football championship for the Santosh Trophy .Kochi and a couple of other cities are the possible venues.Though the All India Football Federation (AIFF) is in the process of finalizing the venues, with Uttar Pradesh also showing interest to host the prestigious tournament, sources told TOI that Kerala is as good as confirmed to host it.\"It is more or less decided to allot the tournament to Kerala.A final decision will only be taken after the AIFF team inspects the venues in Kerala and UP and reports back to the executive committee,\" they said.Kerala, who won the title five times, last hosted the tournament seven years back in 2005-06 in Kochi.But the hosts, who were also the defending champions then, failed to reach the final which saw Goa lifting the trophy with an extra-time win over Maharashtra.According to the Kerala Football Association (KFA) officials, the plan is to host the tournament in January-February with the final round of matches to be hosted in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745703", "title": "Shop-owners evicted from college street are in misery as book mall drags on", "text": "KOLKATA: Six years ago, Suresh Shaw owned a biscuit store on College Street and clocked sales of Rs 5,000 daily. Now, you can see him squatting on a street near Calcutta Medical College, selling tea. He is there 16 hours a day, and still has to go hungry some days.Not far away, young Madhu Das stands at a street corner with a leaflet pinned to his shirt, advertising to passersby the new address of Indian Silk House. A few years ago, his father Jugal Kishore Das owned a shop and the speech-impaired Madhu had never known hardship. Today, Jugal works as a book binder at someone else's shop.They are but a fraction of the 976 shop-owners who have been in dire straits since February 2007 when they were moved out of College Street Market at the Bidhan Sarani-MG Road intersection so that Kolkata Municipal Corporation could get the market re-developed into a modern book mall, Barnaparichay.The developer \u2014 Bengal Shelter \u2014 had promised that the shop-owners could return in 18 months. Five and a half years later, the mall looks far from complete. Plagued by debt and worry, six shop owners have died in this time \u2014 among them Shilpalaya owner Dilip Lodh.\"Hunger and insecurity are driving us crazy. People can now sell their integrity for Rs 500. That is what hopelessness does to you,\" said Tapan Mukherjee, owner of shoe store KM Das that was set up in 1838 and had, among others, Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar as its customer. Business is so poor that he has had to sack all his employees.\"In 2007, College Street market supported around 2,700 families. Now, the number is down to a third. And 95% of them are in dire straits,\" says publisher and bookseller SJ Pal.Sukumar Mondal, who now sells peanuts on the footpath, is pining for his confectionary store than easily earned him Rs 1,000 a day. \"In June 2007, my daughter Tanusree died of encephalitis because I could not afford her treatment,\" he says.Till 2004, iconic Benarasi sari store Indian Silk House recorded Rs 4-5 lakh turnover a day during peak season. Sales have since dipped to Rs 25,000-30,000. The equally famous tea merchants Subodh Bros have suffered a 50% dip in business.Pinaki Das of Sukhodasree that sold ready-made apparel and hosiery items has long shut shop. The owner of Fancy Tailors has gone into hiding from lenders. Tapas Dey of Manada Cloth Stores now travels to distant towns to hawk dress material door-to-door.If there's anything worse, it's the administration's disregard for their plight. Neither KMC, nor the builder is talking of compensation. Mayor Sovon Chatterjee has washed his hands of the issue, arguing that it was a legacy of the Left Front board. \"I cannot say when the market will be ready. I cannot take anyone's responsibility,\" he said.The mall still looks years from completion. \"Of the three blocks, a part of one block is ready. Stores were handed back to 130 shop-owners a few months ago,\" said Ashish Das, treasurer of Pragatisheel Byabsayee Kalyan Samiti, a forum of shop-owners struggling to stay afloat.Though Bengal Shelter MD Samar Nag \"hopes\" to hand over the remaining shops in a year, realtors felt it will take at least 18-24 months and that too if the company invests heavily to speed up construction activity by Bridge &amp; Roof.The first two floors of Block A are complete and some shops have begun business there. In Block B, only the super-structure is ready. In Block C, only the ground floor roof has been laid. With hardly any construction activity visible during the three days that TOI visited the site, it appears that the mall may take another four-five years.With less than a fortnight to go for the Pujas, bazaars are abuzz elsewhere in the city. But in Marcus Square, where the College Street Market shop owners were shifted, it's yet another season of gloom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747332", "title": "Court directs police protection for witnesses", "text": "NAGPUR: The crucial issue of witness protection came up for discussion when a court directed the police to provide protection to women deposing before it, and also asked the accused to pay them Rs500 each for seeking an adjournment.Ad hoc district and additional session's judge Rajeev Pande on Tuesday issued direction to accused Sachin Yadav to pay the witnesses - Ramadevi Dhanavat and Rama Dugga Kalkhor - Rs500 each for requesting an adjournment since defence counsel could not come for hearing and was busy elsewhere. The court, apart from issuing the order for payment to witnesses, also adjourned the hearing to October 11. Ramadevi is the complainant in the case, where she was injured by some assailants. Rama was inquest panch for the prosecution.The witnesses gave a written application to the court, expressing concern for their safety, as they claimed that the presence of several friends of the accused Yadav and his co-accused posed a danger for them.The court took note of the threat and issued a direction to Lakadganj police to ensure safe passage for the two women witnesses from the court to their residence. The court also asked the police to escort the witnesses to and from their residence on the next date of hearing. Additional public prosecutor Haneef Hussain said that court took stringent view since the issue raised by the witnesses was serious.The trial in the Sangeeta Dhanavat murder case has commenced on October 1. Two witnesses have already turned hostile in the case. Sangeeta, a commercial sex worker, was allegedly stabbed by Yadav and his friends on March 22 last year. She had succumbed to her injuries three days later at a private hospital. Police had arrested Yadav and his three friends.A relative accompanying Ramadevi and Rama said that he had also received threatening calls a day before, to ensure that the witnesses turn hostile in the court. \"The accused is provided food by friends in the presence of police, violating all rules. His friends also intimidate us by remaining present in court and staring us down,\" said the relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16745541", "title": "Schoolboy killed in accident", "text": "KOLKATA: A 16-year-old schoolboy was crushed by a bus on CR Avenue on Tuesday morning when he was returning to collect his cell phone that he had left behind in school.The accident happened when Jorasanko resident Sarik Jamal was getting off the bus near the Medical College Hospital gates. The vehicle had barely slowed down and was still in the middle of the road. Another bus was coming from behind, which Jamal did not notice.He fell in front of the CTC bus on route C11 which ran over him. Jamal was taken to Medical College Hospital where he was declared dead. Jamal was a Class VIII student at a private school in Bowbazar.His father runs a fruit trade in central Kolkata.Like other days, he attended school and returned home around 10.30 pm. At home, he learnt that the principal had called his father and asked him to collect Jamal's cell phone which he had left behind in school.Jamal, who was fond of cell phone games, rushed out at once to collect the phone himself. He took a bus and in his hurry, did not even wait till the bus stopped properly before he jumped off in the middle of the road.His father had also left for the school, where he heard that a schoolboy had died in an accident. Mohammad Jamal feared the worst when he heard that the boy was wearing the uniform of his son's school.He rushed to Medical College, but initially could not recognize his son as his face was smashed. He identified Jamal from his school ID card.Bowbazar police later seized the killer bus and the driver surrendered in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "16745628", "title": "Molestation charge on Visva-Bharati teacher", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: A PhD aspirant of Visva-Bharati has accused a senior teacher of the agriculture department of molesting her on October 4. Based on the student's complaint, the anti-harassment committee of the university will probe the matter and submit a report on October 13.The girl, originally a resident of Manipur, had completed her post graduation in agriculture from Visva-Bharati last year. Sources said that she wished to continue higher studies and had come to apply for admission in PhD at the university. The victim alleged that she had gone to Siddhartha Deb Mukherjee's chamber last Thursday to submit some documents when the latter tried to take advantage of her.\"Mukherjee had asked me to come to his chamber in the evening and submit the required documents. After I handed over the papers, he asked me to transfer some data from the pen drive to his computer. While I was busy with the work, he suddenly hugged me from behind. I somehow managed to run away, but he chased me for a few yards before giving up,\" the victim told TOI over phone from Imphal.The 50-year-old teacher has been removed from the post after the charge was leveled against him. Amrit Sen, spokesperson of Visva-Bharati said, \"We have forwarded the complaint to the committee for protection against harassment. They are expected to submit a report by October 13.\"Though TOI contacted the teacher several times, he refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745229", "title": "Fenesta Open Tennis: Rishika Sunkara, Prerna Bhambri advance", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exactly a year ago, at the same venue and playing in the same tournament, Prerna Bhambri was seen fuming at herself after being knocked out in the first round of the Fenesta Open National Tennis Championship.The second seed on Tuesday ensured history was not repeated as she overcame a stubborn Prarthana Thambore 6-7, 7-6, 6-0. Top seed Rishika Sunkara lived up to her billing with a 6-3, 6-0 win over Likitha Shetty to set up a second-round clash with Maharashtra girl Devanshi Bhimjiyani.In the men's singles, third seed Siddharth Rawat overcame Kunal Anad 4-6, 6-4, 6-2 while the fourth seed PC Vignesh knocked out Yannick Nelord 6-3, 6-4. Ronak Manuja also joined them in the second round with a 6-3, 6-2 win over Brahmjot Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16747681", "title": "Heal your wounds with this herbal ointment", "text": "COIMBATORE: An herb-based ointment, 'Rub Heal', developed by the botany department of Bharathiar University, Coimbatore, was launched last week at the inauguration of the two day national conference on Phytomedicine that took place at the university.Dr T Parimelazhagan an associate professor of the department who led the study said that they had come up with an herbal product which can heal wounds and injuries. \"Although people say that they prefer herbal products, they don't always buy them,\" he points out. This is because herb-based products are considered to be slow healers, compared to their chemical counterparts.Parimelazhagan said that they wanted to show that herbal products can heal just as effectively as modern medicines. They identified some herbs from the Western Ghats that could help heal wounds. Blessen George, who did research for the project says that they identified a plant from the species of Rubus, which is abundant in Ooty. They conducted trials on mice before its launch. \"The healing powers of herbal drugs are just as powerful as chemical-based drugs. In fact, they are even better because there are no side-effects,\" he said.They have filed a patent for the product. Parimelzhagan revealed that it was an academic launch and not a commercial one. They are yet to test the product on people which they plan to do in the coming months, following which they will make it available in the market. G Games Pitchai, the vice chancellor of the university who released the product said that medicinal plants should not be restricted to scientists but they must reach the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745797", "title": "4 held for burglary attempt", "text": "NEW DELHI: A DU student and three others have been held for attempting burglary at an SBI branch in Inderlok on September 29. The four, including a minor, had allegedly cut the ventilator grille of the branch and attempted to break open the ATM, north district police said.The accused were identified as Sadiq (18), Zahid (18), Kamre Alam and the minor who cannot be named. Stolen locker keys and tools to cut steel were recovered.Zahid told police he is a first-year student of the School of Open Learning, and attempted the crime due to his addiction to alcohol. \"On the night of the attempt, they met at the temple near Gupta Complex, Inderlok, and had liquor. The minor was told to stand guard near a drain while the others cut the grille. Inside, Sadiq disconnected the CCTV camera. They first tried opening the almirahs and then attacked the ATM. When they failed, they left the branch the way they came,\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16745417", "title": "Three held for murder", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Police have arrested three persons in connection with the murder of Ganesh Ram Suvarna, convener of Sarvajanika Sri Ganeshotsava Samiti, Pumpwell.Ganesh was found murdered in a house at Valencia, Gorigudda, under Mangalore South (Pandeshwar) police station limits on September 25. The accused are Mohith Kumar, 20, of Adyar Padavu, Jitin Bhandary, 20, of Shaktinagar, and Pavan Kumar, 17, of Udayanagar, KPT in the city.According to police, the trio on September 24 murdered Ganesh Ram and made away with gold valuables and a cellphone. Later the motorcycle abandoned by the accused was recovered by police near Kadri Sri Manjunateshwara temple.City police chief Manish Kharbikar said it was a murder for gain and a case was registered at Mangalore South police station based on a complaint lodged by Jagadish of Pumpwell. Police also recovered valuables, including a gold chain with Sai Baba pendant, a golden amulet, gold ring with green stone, a cellphone and motorcycle, all worth Rs 1.30 lakh from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747408", "title": "Ladhar's arbitration fee: HC seeks reply from Centre, Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking action against senior Punjab IAS officer Sucha Ram Ladhar on retaining the arbitration fee instead of depositing it with the government, Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday sought the response of the Union and Punjab governments as well as Ladhar on the matter.Division bench of the HC, comprising Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice R K Jain, issued the notice after hearing a PIL filed by lawyer H C Arora.The petition sought criminal/ departmental action against Ladhar, for fixing charges for arbitration in various cases of disputes between private parties and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and keeping the sum of Rs 1.5 crore collected in this way.The petitioner also prayed that the entire amount be recovered from him along with interest at the rate of 2% per annum.He also submitted that Ladhar had acted as arbitrator in his ex officio capacity as divisional commissioner, Jalandhar, forcing the private parties as well as the NHAI to pay his arbitration fee by inserting a clause in his orders/ awards that a certified copy of the award be given to the parties on depositing his arbitration fee in equal share (50:50), failing which his award shall stand suspended automatically on expiry of 30 days.However, since the NHAI had opposed the clause regarding arbitration fee, Ladhar subsequently included another one that initially the total amount of arbitration fee shall be paid by the private party, which it may recover from NHAI, along with amount of compensation, at the time of execution of award.Petitioner also referred to an order dated March 4, 2009, issued by Ladhar, directing all 629 private parties, whose dispute was decided by him on January 28, 2009, by a common award, to pay the arbitration fee at Rs 4,100 per case to him. In this way, Ladhar demanded Rs.25.79 lakh as his arbitration fee. According to the PIL, Ladhar has collected approximately Rs.1.5 crore as his arbitration charges in various cases. Petitioner also referred to Rule 13 (8) of the All India Services (Conduct) Rules, which says that no member of All India Services can charge any fee for any work done by him for any private party, or a public body, without permission of the government.However, Ladhar did not have any such permission from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16746208", "title": "Public plot leases at market rates now", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after a CAG report criticized the state government for not having a policy for renewal of leased public land, the state cabinet on Tuesday bit the bullet to tap the current market value of its properties in Mumbai.From now on, the period for which a public plot can be leased to a private user will not exceed 30 years. Besides, the existing market rates would be charged while renewing a lease. This, said officials, could earn the state anywhere between Rs 600 crore and Rs 700 crore annually.The government currently earns a meagre Rs 6 crore from 1,282 properties in the island city, which have been leased for 50, 99 or 999 years. \"These properties are earning us a measly amount though they are worth several crores . This is unacceptable,\" said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.The state will issue a government resolution in this regard soon.To begin with, the new policy will apply to 666 properties whose lease has expired and are due for renewal. The state will charge rent as a percentage applied on the government share's (25%) of the actual property cost. The rate will be 2% for residential, 4% for industrial and 5% for both commercial and residential-cum-commercial properties.In the policy envisaged in 1999, these rates were nearly half. Incidentally, the 1999 policy decision was stuck in litigation and withdrawn in 2006.Besides the 1,282 properties on leased public land in the island city, there are 295 in the suburbs. \"The income (from the island city properties) could now jump to Rs 500 crore,\" said a senior government official.While the government's decision will provide a boost to its coffers, there is a view that such a policy cannot prevent the misuse of land. A senior cabinet minister said the state could dispose of its plots to occupants for a one-time market price instead of going through the arduous process of monitoring and renewing leases.The lease policy introduced by the British was based on the colonial principle of keeping citizens under control, said a senior official, adding: \"Do we really need such an approach in this day and age?\"In its report tabled before the state assembly, the CAG had pointed out a loss of Rs 20 crore on account of short recovery or non-recovery of lease rent. It had also pointed out how the government lacked a mechanism, including a policy to fix rentals, to monitor leased properties.In a related development, the government has decided to grant occupancy rights to those allotted leased plots on the payment of a certain fee based on the prevailing market rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16745372", "title": "They rule the seas with aplomb", "text": "MANGALORE: They are the 'Sons of the Sea' ruling the water front. Mogaveeras settled in this part of the state centuries ago drawn by the abundance of marine resources. Mogaveeras, the sea-faring community, whose fishing settlements are known as 'pattanas' dot the state's coastal districts of Udupi and Dakshina Kannada. These 200-odd pattanas are located in the coastal talukas of Dakshina Kannada from Kundapur, Udupi and Mangalore and also neighbouring Kasargod district. The population of the community is about three lakh.Late Govinda Pai, eminent Kannada poet and scholar,explaining the etymology of words `Tulu' and `Tuluva' writes that these words have been derived from the Tamil root `Tulai' (Tulavu in Tulu language) which means row (a boat).From this, Pai surmises that the people of Tulu country who were mostly fishermen and whose chief business and activity were in the waters, may have been called the Tuluvas. Quoting from `Harivmasha' a Sanskrit work belonging to 2nd century AD, Pai states that a fishing community known by the name `Mudgara' were living in Tulu Nadu, then ruled by king Harita. Mudgara is the Sanskritised form of today's `Mogera' or `Mogaveera.'It is significant to note that Alupas, the native ruling house of Tulu Nadu who ruled for more than thousand years before the advent of Vijayanagar empire in the 14th century AD had `Meena Lanchhana' or the fish as their emblem. Coins minted by Alupas depict two fish under an umbrella shaped canopy with a lamp on either side. Every `pattana' had two or more gurikaras (head), depending on the size and population of the pattanas, whose duty it was to see that members of the community adhere to the prescribed code of conduct and settle disputes, if any, between the members.The pattanas were affiliated to Samyukta pattanas or the union of villages known as `nalku Pattana', `elu pattana'' and `hadinaru pattana'.In 1957 the Dakshina Kannada Mogaveera Mahajana Sangha built Shri Mahalaxmi Temple at Uchila on the land gifted by late Udyavara Sadiya Sahuakar on the plea that the existing Mogaveera temple at Bennekuduru, Barkur was not conveniently located for the people of Mangalore taluk to visit.During the days of British when Dakshina Kannada was part of the Madras Presidency, the Madras government had established fisheries school in most of the coastal villages to impart basic education to fishermen's children. Succeeding governments, after the formation of the Karnataka state, did not extend the same support to this school.Most of these schools have since attained the status of high school, and in some cases as junior colleges, largely due to efforts of the villagers themselves. In this they were assisted by the young men who had migrated to Mumbai but whose umbilical cords were still buried deep in their village in Dakshina Kannada. These young men of Mumbai knew the importance of education, having acquired it the hard way --toiling during the day and attending schools or college at night. The Bharat High School at Ullal , near Mangalore is the first such school to be upgraded as high school with medium of instruction in English. Dakshina Kannada Hithasadhana Vedike has also established an English medium high school in the vicinity of Shree Mahalaxmi Temple, Uchila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745982", "title": "GRP, railways clash over music events at station", "text": "MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police has raised an objection to a series of musical performances being organized at key railway stations on the western line, citing security reasons. The performances are being organized by the National Streets for Performing Arts (NSPA), an initiative which aims at reclaiming public spaces for performances. While the NSPA has procured permission from the railways, they haven't approached the GRP for their nod, officials said. \"The performances are scheduled at peak hours. The western line has already faced a terror attack in 2006. The stations are packed during peak hours and the musical performances would add to the chaos,\" said GRP assistant police commissioner Dattatreya Sidham. \"We have started writing letters to station managers to stop these performances.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746777", "title": "District receives 78% seasonal rain this year", "text": "NASHIK: Though the district witnessed rainy spells in the last week of September, the monsoon failed to cross the 80%-mark this year at the end of the season. The district recorded 78% of rain this year as against the 84% last year.According to official records, the average rainfall in the district this year was 788 mm as against 848 mm last year. Both the years, the rainfall could not reach the normal level of 1013 mm. The scarcity-affected areas of the district last year received better rainfall this year, though it fell miserably short of the annual average. Tehsils like Dindori, Malegaon, Chandwad, Kalwan, Deola, Niphad and Sinnar received better rainfall as compared to last year but that could nowhere contribute to making the water scarcity better. Nandgaon tehsil however fared badly compared to the annual average. The tehsil received only 285 mm rainfall against the annual average of 441 mm. Last year the tehsil had received 571 mm rainfall. Deola was the worst hit as it received 322 mm against the 570 mm of average annual rainfall.Malegaon and Chandwad tehsils however received almost 100% of the annual average. Malegaon received 485 mm rain while Chandwad received 554 mm rain against the annual average rainfall of 440 mm and 518 mm respectively. The first week of October witnessed rain with hailstorms. The district received 1,084 mm of unseasonal rain since October 1. \"This rainfall is not accounted as part of the annual rainfall,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747108", "title": "FDI in retail could check fake products", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Multi-brand retail could help check the growing fake goods business in the country say experts. While discussing ways to curb counterfeiting and smuggling at an event in Ahmedabad on Tuesday, experts suggested FDI in multi-brand retail could ensure a supply of genuine goods by eliminating intermediaries involved in production and sale of counterfeit goods.The experts were speaking at a seminar 'Curbing Counterfeiting and Smuggling - An Imperative for Indian Economy', organized by FICCI-CASCADE (Committee on anti-smuggling and counterfeiting activities destroying the economy). The seminar had police, customs and consumer forum officials on the panel.\"FDI in multi-brand retail will give better control on the source of goods and enhance services. It will help shorten the supply chain, which will eventually negate the role of those who are involved in manufacturing and sale of counterfeited goods,\" said P C Jha, advisor, FICCI-CASCADE.Industry body FIhad last year set up an anti-smuggling and counterfeit committee to help the industry understand and tackle counterfeits, contraband and smuggled products.\"The annual global trade of fake goods is $650 billion. By 2015, this is set to increase 100 times,\" Jha said. He said use of counterfeit equipment and spare parts was responsible for 25,000 deaths and 93,000 injuries in 2009. He added that a substantial amount of unaccounted money is pumped into anti-national and anti-social activities like terrorism and organized crime.Jha emphasized on the need of stricter legal provisions. \"Law enforcement agencies should ensure implementation of laws and improvement in coordination between intelligence agencies. Increased coordination between agencies can help check several nefarious activities,\" he added.Experts said that price differences among neighbouring countries, tax arbitrage and ineffective control are a few reasons for this illicit trade. Former Gujarat high court judge D A Mehta said that producers of counterfeit goods damage society and the economy. \"Counterfeiters do not pay taxes which is a revenue loss for the government. Consequently, infrastructural spending in education, health and other sectors get reduced,\" he observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16746946", "title": "Municipal body demolishes under-construction buildings", "text": "GURGAON: The MCG on Tuesday demolished five under-construction buildings that were being built illegally within the restricted 900 metres IAF ammunition depot zone. A standing Supreme Court order has put a ban on any construction activity taking place in the zone before the next hearing.According to officials, an owner of one of the buildings who was present at the construction site was handed over to the police at the Palam Vihar police station and an FIR has been registered.\"We have been asking residents not to take up any construction activity in this particular zone in view of the SC order and despite that they still continue to do so. We are left with no other option but to demolish it and register a case with the police since the SC will seek a reply from us if we don't do anything about it,\" said a spokesperson.In a separate drive, the enforcement department of MCG demolished several encroachments on Sohna Road. The drive was conducted as the illegal vendors had put up small stalls among other things that caused traffic disruption. The authorities said they will continue to carry out such drives in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16749596", "title": "High court relief for meritorious student", "text": "MUMBAI: A meritorious student who was deliberately failed but went on to win the gold medal following a retest after a reprieve in the Bombay high court. A division bench of Justice B R Gavai and Justice Sunil Deshmukh dismissed a challenging Juhi Bhandge's inclusion in the list of gold medalists.Mushahid Ali who found his name replaced by Juhi in the list of gold medalists said that she was ineligible as she had failed the first semester of her LLM examination.Juhi was failed after an examiner refused to allow her to appear the the viva-voce exam saying she had poor attendance. After she was declared failed, Juhi approached the Board of Examinations (BoE) of the University which following an inquiry found that she had more than 75% attendance. It found that the lecturer had acted inappropriately and said that it was a most arbitrary exercise of power by a teacher while denying genuine opportunity to a student.''Ali who was initially declared as a gold medalist was replaced after Juhi's revised marks following a retest were taken into account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "tezpur (assam)", "code": "16746435", "title": "1962 Sino-Indian war: Nehru\u2019s speech still hurts Assam", "text": "TEZPUR (ASSAM): Fifty years after the 1962 Sino-Indian war, former prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru's role in it is still debated in Assam.After Nehru's speech on All India Radio (AIR) following the fall of Bomdila to the Chinese, many in Assam's Tezpur felt he was not concerned about the Brahmaputra Valley. Some veteran Congressmen though believe the people of Assam misunderstood Nehru.In his address to the nation on AIR on November 20, 1962, Nehru said, \"Huge Chinese armies have been marching in the northern part of NEFA. We have had reverses at Walong, Se La and today Bomdila, a small town in NEFA, has also fallen. We shall not rest till the invader goes out of India or is pushed out. I want to make that clear to all of you, and, especially our countrymen in Assam, to whom our heart goes out at this moment.\"Atul Saikia (77), a resident of Dekargaon in Tezpur, said, \"Assam was almost given away to China when Jawaharlal Nehru , in his speech after the capture of Bomdila, announced 'my heart goes out to the people of Assam' on the radio.\"The speech changed Saikia's perception of New Delhi. \"I strongly feel Assam would not have got that much of importance from the Centre had the India-China war not taken place,\" said Saikia.Veteran Congress leader Bedabrata Barua said Nehru was almost weeping when he spoke after the capture of Bomdila. \"I remember Nehru saying 'my heart goes out to the people of Assam' almost in a choked voice. But I was very confident that the Chinese would not enter Assam. Had they attacked Assam, the course of the war would have taken a different turn. Possibly, other countries would have come to India's aid to stop the marauding Chinese soldiers,\" said Barua.Saikia's Dekargaon home is about 43 km from the border town of Bhalukpung in Arunachal Pradesh and the road that leads to the McMahon Line in Tawang. He is still not convinced with the interpretation of Congressmen like Barua.Saikia, a local panchayat member, said, \"Even after five decades, I still remember how people felt let down by New Delhi.\"Nalini Deka, a retired school teacher in Tezpur, said, \"I was very young then. Someone explained to me Nehru's speech. I realized if the prime minister of the country was so helpless, how could the common people withstand an attack by the Chinese? We were left in the lurch after the speech.\"After Nehru's speech was broadcast, people in Tezpur became hysteric. \"They began fleeing. There was chaos everywhere,\" said Pranab Sinha (71) of Tezpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745527", "title": "Govt seeks HC nod to open 19 sand quarries", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has sought the Madras high court's nod to open 19 sand quarries in Trichy, citing rocketing retail sand prices in the state.In a review petition, asking for a re-look at the court's order dated August 3, the secretaries of industries and public works departments, said the government intended to operate 19 sand quarries for which applications had been submitted to State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA).In the impugned order, a division bench comprising Justices R Banumathi and G M Akbar Ali ordered the closure of five-year-old quarries in Cauvery-Kollidam river beds, and stipulated that all new quarries in the region must obtain SEIAA clearance.Government pleader S Venkatesh, representing secretaries of public works and industries departments, director of geology and mining and the Trichy district collector, submitted that before the August 3 order, there were 48 sand quarries in the region accounting for 6,454 lorry loads per day. After the order, the number of quarries reduced to 21 and lorry loads went down to 4,012 per day. Consequently, the price of sand per load had risen from 4,000 to 8,000 in Trichy, from 6,400 to 12,000 in Coimbatore, from 6,000 to 8,000 in Chennai and from 8,000 to 14,000 in Madurai, Venkatesh said.Pointing out that the court had set a three-month deadline for the functioning quarries to obtain the clearance, the pleader sought more time, as the clearance might not come within three months due to procedural implications.Venkatesh said the applications had been pending before the collectors of Thanjavur, Karur and Trichy and that they were being processed when the impugned judgment was delivered.Hence, the new stipulation that new quarries must get clearance from the SEIAA would cause hardship and affect government's welfare schemes, he said. Noting that quarries in the Cauvery-Kollidam river beds was the main source of supply to western and southern areas of the state, he requested the court to review its order and permit the government to operate the new quarries.The bench has adjourned the matter by one week for further hearing.After the August 3 order, sand prices per load rose from 6,000 to 8,000 in Chennai, 4,000 to 8,000 in Trichy, 6,400 to 12,000 in Coimbatore, and from 8,000 to 14,000 in Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745966", "title": "Prosecution concludes final arguments in Haveliwala case", "text": "MUMBAI: The prosecution in the 2010 Nooriya Haveliwala drunk driving case completed its final arguments before a special NDPS court on Tuesday. The matter will now be heard on October 18 when the defence will submit written arguments.It is the prosecution's case that Haveliwala rammed her SUV at Marine Lines, killing two people. She has been out on bail since April 2010, after cops failed to file a chargesheet within 60 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "16745601", "title": "Gorkhaland Territorial Administration focus on tourism and education", "text": "DARJEELING: The Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) Sabha on Tuesday passed an estimated budget plan of Rs 356 crore and Rs 298.10 crore under Plan and Non-plan heads, respectively, for 2012-13 fiscal. Besides, Rs 362.98 crore has been sought as an interim fund over a period of eight months.As per the state plan for sectoral department, budget for the Hill Area Development Project (HADP) has been fixed at Rs 581.97 crore. However, the budget does not include special assistance of Rs 200 crore for the next three years as promised to the GTA by the central government after the signing of the agreement last year.Tourism got a fillip in the budget proposals. The GTA plans to set up ropeways at Rohini, Dello and Tukvar in Darjeeling. Water kingdoms at Jamuney, Relli and Belta are also in the offing.\"We have proposed various project schemes to the government. We'll need Rs 182.5 crore to implement the projects. For the water kingdom, we'll need Rs 13 crore,\" said Roshan Giri, the GTA executive member and in-charge of the education department. The Sabha also passed a resolution for a labour board, tourism development corporation and a regulated market in all the three Hills sub-divisions.The GTA Sabha also put emphasis on beefing up the education sector. It has proposed to set up ITI hubs at Kalimpong, Mungpo and Darjeeling and polytechnic schools in Darjeeling and Mungpo. Besides, three new colleges at Gorubathan, Pedong and Mirik and an engineering college at Tukdah have been approved by the GTA Sabha.Priority has also been given to fill up 1,835 posts lying vacant in various departments at present. Discussions were held on regularization of 269 ad-hoc teachers and re-opening and opening of SSK and MSK in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "16747272", "title": "13-year-old Ajay Devgn fan from Pak sent back home", "text": "ATTARI: A year after he ran away from Lahore and crossed over to India to meet his hero, a 13-year-old Pakistani boy, a diehard fan of Bollywood actor Ajay Devgn , was sent back home on Tuesday.Kashif, who had been lodged at a juvenile home in Faridkot, arrived at Attari international border in the company of district and sessions judge, Faridkot, Archna Puri, for repatriation to Pakistan.Wearing a new pair of denims, a T-shirt, white sneakers and supporting an iron bangle on one arm, Kashif carried home a bag full of his belongings and a water bottle.Belonging to Peer Hayat village falling in Depalpur tehsil of Okara district of Pakistan, Kashif was hesitant to admit his Bollywood craze before a battery of mediapersons and even refused to visit India again.However, when assisted by Madiha, who heads a Pakistan-based theatre group and who had helped locate his house, he summoned enough courage and said he would visit India on visa.Archna Puri and administrative judge Justice Rameshwar Singh Malik had first spotted Kashif in August this year in the juvenile home and sought help from Madiha, who, along with her troupe, was in Faridkot on September 19, to locate relatives of Kashif in Pakistan.\"I want him to play a lead role in our new stage show, based on his own story,\" announced Madiha.Kashif's mother Kulsoom Bibi wanted him to undergo religious education in a madrassa in Lahore but Kashif, who wanted to meet his hero in India, didn't like it. One day, he ran away from home and crossed the border, where he was arrested by Border Security Force in September 2011.He was sentenced to three months imprisonment and was sent to juvenile home but he was unable to accurately give his residential address which delayed his verification process.Scared of facing his mother, Kashif said that from now onwards, he would abide by whatever she would say.Madiha said she would talk to Kashif's family and would persuade them to let him do whatever he wishes to, instead of imposing their ideas upon him.\"You know our suicide bombers come from these madrassas,\" she said.Kashif hugged Archana Puri before crossing over to Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "guwahati/jorhat", "code": "16747016", "title": "All Assam Students\u2019 Union seeks permanent solution to floods", "text": "GUWAHATI/JORHAT: Members of All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) on Tuesday staged a massive protest across the state demanding a permanent solution to the flood and erosion problem in the state. Besides Guwahati, the protest was also organized in all the district headquarters.In Guwahati, the All Kamrup District Students' Union, a unit of Aasu, took out a protest rally towards the Kamrup (metro) deputy commissioner's (DC) office demanding immediate solution to the flood problem, rehabilitation of the erosion-affected people and a rollback of the price hike of LPG cylinders.The district branch of Aasu submitted two memorandums to the DC addressed to Prime Minister and the governor of the state. Around 500 protestors carrying placards raised slogans against the government. They also carried utensils to highlight the problems of the common people. They also blamed the state government for not doing anything substantial for the rehabilitation of the flood-affected people.\"Even after the declaration of flood and erosion as a national problem, the government has failed to find out a practical solution for these calamities which affect millions of people every year,\" said Dharmeshar Das, president, All Kamrup District Students' Union.Seven upper Assam districts of Jorhat, Golaghat, Sivasagar, Karbi Anglong, Lakhimpur, Dhemaji and Sonitpur also witnessed mass protests. Aasu assistant general secretary Nilufar Rahman said, \"Hundreds of Aasu activists staged dharna in all the district headquarters. We have demanded adequate relief materials and compensation for the flood victims without any delay.''This year, over 5 lakh people of Jorhat, Lakhimpur, Dhemaji and Sonitpur districts were affected by floods. Thousands of families were rendered homeless and many of them are now living on embankments in Majuli, Lakhimpur and Dhemaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16747088", "title": "Man falls to death while stealing coal", "text": "SINDRI: A resident of Kandra coal board colony, died on Tuesday after falling from a wall of the eastern quarry of Chasnala colliery. Villagers took Gopi Rajwar (32) to the government dispensary at Chasnala where doctor declared him brought dead.Maj S K Mishra, manager (administration) of the colliery, said it seemed to be a case of accident while pilfering coal from the quarry. \"It is suspected that he entered the opencast mine for stealing coal and fell down while trying to scale the wall on return.\"However the villagers alleged that the deceased was working with the private firm which has been outsourced the eastern quarry patch for coal mining. Demanding compensation for the kin of the deceased, the villagers blocked the road near DGM office of the colliery with the body.But Madhu Singh, the site in-charge of private firm has denied that the deceased was working with the firm. He never worked for us, he claimed and informed that the incident took place between 1PM to 3PM when mining work is halted for blasting and none of our workers were present there at that time as the blasting is conducted by experts of the colliery.Officer in-charge of Patherdih police station Fareed Alam said police were verifying the antecedents of the deceased and the circumstances under which he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "4035117", "title": "Rakhi played lover/mother to AB", "text": "Waheeda Rehman and Rakhi are two actresses who have played lover and mother to Amitabh Bachchan in different movies.Waheeda played the love interest of Big B in Dharma and mother in Trishool. Rakhi played Bachchan's lover in Trishool and essayed his mother's role in Kasme Vaade.Follow us on Twitter for more stories", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747307", "title": "Rajneesh Goel tells HC: We'll pick up dry waste twice a week", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel on Tuesday submitted before the Karnataka High Court that dry waste would be collected twice a week and not once as planned earlier. He told a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen there is no problem with further increasing the frequency.He was replying to a query posed by the court after GR Mohan, city advocate who has filed a PIL, claimed that collection of dry waste once a week will not help the cause.The commissioner promised to speed up other measures for collection and disposal of solid and wet waste.The court was further informed that the new measures by way of fresh tenders would result in 40% reduction in spending on garbage collection and disposal in segregated form. \"The dry waste is 40% and is straightaway money. This will reduce the cost of transporting it to landfills 50kms away. There is good demand for composted wet waste as it can be used as manure. If we remove 40% bulk waste, we have to deal with 1,500 tonnes of wet waste, 700 tonnes of dry and 300 tonnes of inert waste per day,\" he explained.The commissioner admitted there are some constraints regarding collection of waste and hoped the new system of \"no littering\" would address this issue. He also said that relaxed tender conditions have enabled more persons to participate in the process resulting in competition. The bench directed BBMP to submit a status report by November 6.The bench adjourned to Thursday the hearing on petitions by garbage contractors challenging the new tenders.You'll have to be superseded: HCThe high court on Tuesday morning warned the BBMP of supersession if it did not change its ways. A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen directed the BBMP commissioner to appear in the afternoon session to answer queries on the garbage issue.The bench asked why the BBMP should not be superseded as per the KMC Act for failing to address the problem. \"Obviously you are not interested in solving the problem. Everybody is hand in glove. Supersession is the only way out. We have to do it. If you cannot solve the problem, you have no business to be there,\" it observed.The PIL by GR Mohan sought a specific direction for superseding the civic body for failing in its duty.The bench observed that citizens can't wait till the dispute between BBMP and contractors is settled. The bench indicated it wouldn't hesitate to send officials to jail if they mislead the court. \"Our patience is also running out. Some of your officials must be sent to those landfills,\" the bench observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16747676", "title": "Tree planted by Gandhi finds new campuses", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seventy-eight years after it was planted by Mahatma Gandhi at Ramanathapuram in the city, saplings of the grand old black plum (navva pazham) tree will soon find place on campuses of more than 300 colleges in Coimbatore and neighbouring areas.Thanks to a group of engineering students who are part of the Social Responsibility Club at Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Technology, at least one sapling of the tree will be planted on each campus in Coimbatore. \"The tree planted by Gandhiji is a symbol of India's national movement and will remain a powerful source of inspiration for all. By planting these saplings, we wish to inspire students to follow Gandhiji's ideals of non violence and peaceful coexistence,'' says Prasanna Kumar, a third year mechanical engineering student and president of the club.On Gandhi Jayanthi Day this year, 70 club members reached Ramanathapuram to clean the premises where the plum tree stood, at the invitation of green NGO Siruthuli. During the process of cleaning, they came upon a small sapling close to the tree which they took to their college. As they planted the sapling on campus, they came upon the idea of planting a sapling of this special tree on each campus in the city. The students took turns visiting the tree on a daily basis to collect its seeds which they planned to grow in a nursery. Last week alone they were able to collect 150 seeds and efforts are on to collect more.Meanwhile, students have undergone training at Siruthuli on how to set up and maintain a tree sapling nursery. \"It seemed like a crazy idea initially. But now we are determined to achieve our goal within three years. Even the college management offered their help,\" said club secretary Indumathi, a third year computer science student. With the help of teachers N Sivakumar and staff coordinator P Balasubramanian, the students have already contacted other colleges and got positive responses from all.\"Even though the tree planted by Gandhiji fails to withstand the test of time, its saplings will give continuity,\" said Siva kumar. A massive termite attack has weakened the tree in Ramanathapuram, although it still stands tall. Located in the office complex of Coimbatore Market Regulation Committee, it continues to give plenty of berries.As per historical records, the Mahatma planted the tree on February 7, 1934. \"Gandhi came to the city as part of his historic Harijan Yatra aimed at empowering dalits. He reached Singanallur from Erode by a shuttle train on February 6. The market regulation committee office was the then YMCA Village Development Centre. Gandhiji stayed there and planted the tree the very next day in the presence of eminent citizens including Avinashilingam University founder Avinashilingam Chettiyar,'' says city historian C R Elangovan. This was Gandhiji's third visit to Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16746965", "title": "State nod to prosecute 121 officers in 12 years", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government has given its permission to the state vigilance to prosecute 121 officers, including 114 OAS officers, in the past 10 years, an RTI activist said on Tuesday.According to information obtained using the Right to Information (RTI) Act, the state vigilance department had sought prosecution sanction from the government against 170 officers between 2000 and 2012. These include 144 OAS officers, around a dozen IAS officers and several IPS and IFS officers.Apart from its nod to prosecute 121 officers, the government, however, declined to give a go-ahead in other cases sought by the vigilance department, information obtained by RTI activist Pradip Pradhan revealed.In certain cases, the government initiated major penalty proceedings against the accused instead of according sanction for trial by the vigilance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746349", "title": "India needs to revisit 1962 humiliation for catharsis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Any reading of the Sino-Indian war of 1962 does not look good for India. Whether it was Jawaharlal Nehru's misreading of Chinese intentions in the wake of his support to Tibet's rebellion, India's \"forward policy\" that meant different things to different people, Mao Zedong's desire to teach India a \"lesson\" or the subsequent national security paranoia that it bred in the Indian political and security systems ...1962 evokes mixed feelings in India even after half a century.But for India to grow out of the morass of humiliation, it's necessary to revisit that war, and perhaps admit to major blunders committed at every level, not least at the very top.In 1951, China began its occupation of Tibet, which, by 1959, became a full-throated conquest. Until 1959, India tried to diplomatically persuade Beijing to give some kind of autonomy to Tibet along with providing covert arms shipments to the Tibetan rebellion.India's discomfort stemmed from the fact that it believed the loss of Tibetan independence robbed New Delhi off an important buffer in the Himalayas. But Beijing viewed India's actions as interference in its internal affairs, and Mao ordered \"harder approach\" to India's meddling.In India, Nehru maintained the romance of Hindi-Chini friendship. A more realistic Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel proposed better border development, strengthening of the military presence etc and to better integrate the north-eastern states. John Garver, in Protracted Contest, writes, \"Patel saw clearly the linkage between Tibet and what would become the crux of the border/territorial issue.\"Nehru looked at the inhospitable Tibetan terrain and decided first, not to push the Chinese too far, second that they would not be able to maintain troops in distant Tibetan plateau, and third that China would not engage in any major attack against India. However, he completely missed the technology argument, which China could and did.By 1959, a huge change came over Indian public opinion at China's open repression in Tibet, which led the Dalai Lama to flee to India in 1959. In April, 1960, Nehru reject Zhou Enlai's boundary settlement proposal. Mao was convinced India was working with the US and USSR against China. Contemporary Chinese thinking believed that India's desire to keep Tibet was the cause of the 1962 war. India has refused to declassify documents of that era.Nehru's forward policy, his demand that China vacate \"all Indian territory\" and his support of the Tibetan rebellion were all part of these classified docements. China had been active in Aksai Chin for over a decade before 1962. India was aware of Chinese activity there from 1951. But in 1953, Nehru decided to redraw the boundary that included Aksai Chin within India, as opposed to British policy of 1899, which kept Aksai Chin out of India. In 1957, Beijing's road building activities could not be ignored any longer, and India sent patrols to the area. It would be the beginning of the India-China conflict that would culminate in 1962.By 1961, Nehru's forward policy had taken shape, creating 60 forward posts, 43 of them north of the McMahon Line. Meanwhile, China, too, had been preparing for war with India because Mao wanted to teach India \"a lesson\".Indian units reported increased Chinese aggression, but the Nehru government did not read the tea leaves. China prepared for war, while India missed the clues. After intermittent clashes in the preceding days, when on October 20, 1962, China launched massive strikes in the north-east and Ladakh, India was completely caught off guard.The Himalayan war ended in a rout of Indian forces. Chinese then withdrew although their victory was not without cost. The defeat, however, changed India's view of China forever. India claims the moral high ground, blaming China for a stealthy strike but it completely misread its giant neighbour. Mao, who saw Nehru as a conniving and pretentious leader, began and ended the war on his own terms.In between, Indian troops suffered successive reverses. The People's Liberation Army (PLA) overran Indian positions south of the Mcmahon line. Chinese troops overwhelmed Indian defences by the sheer weight of numbers and Tawang was soon under attack.In the north-east, confusion and courage, foolhardiness and daredevilry were all playing out as a dazed military leadership dithered about its response. Major General A S Pathania, commanding the fourth division in Kameng in Arunachal Pradesh, ordered his troops to withdraw in humiliation.On October 24, 1962, Zhou offered Nehru a settlement that was rejected. Parliament passed a resolution resolving to \"drive out aggressors\" from Indian soil. Hostilities resumed with Chinese attacks on Sela and Bomdila. PLA was close to Tezpur, when China declared a unilateral ceasefire and withdrew 20km from the Line of Actual Control. According to Henry Kissinger , Mao did not see India as a perpetual foe, but famously remarked that force will \"knock Nehru back to the negotiating table\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746812", "title": "Assaulted by dead patient\u2019s relatives, nurses stall work", "text": "NASHIK: Five nurses and two wards in-charges of the Civil Hospital were assaulted by relatives after a patient died on Tuesday.In protest against the assault, all the nurses of the hospital stalled work and demanded better security arrangements at the hospital.Manohar Gaikwad (40), resident of Panchvati was admitted to the hospital on Monday evening after he consumed poison. He passed away on Tuesday afternoon.His relatives accused the nurses of giving wrong injections to him. In a fit of rage, they assaulted the nurses\u2014Asha Katyarkar, Prachi Bansode and Archana Jaware, besides the ward in-charges - Sulocahna Lotankar and Swati Kulkarni. One of the nurses who was assaulted was admitted in the intensive care unit (ICU) of the hospital. The relatives also ransacked the files in the ward. Pooja Pawar of the nurses' association of the hospital alleged that despite the nurses' cries for help, the police present there were talking on their cellphones. After the incident, the nurses started raising slogans against the cop inaction. The nurses also alleged that every time such incidents take place, senior officials of the hospital escape the scene and the nurses are left to face the wrath of patients' families.The nurses, while accusing the police of inaction, demanded strict action against those involved in the assault. They added that they want police protection with a written assurance from the commissioner of police.DCP Sahebrao Patil, ACP Ganesh Shinde, senior PI of the Sarkarwada police station SS Sapkale and senior PI of the Panchvati police station Bajirao Bhosale, rushed to the and took stock of the situation. During the meeting with office bearers of the nurses' association, Patil assured them that four cops, including a woman constable, will henceforth be deployed at the hospital for their security. He added that cops who patrol the area will also visit the hospital to ensure that things are under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745572", "title": "Old City rejoices as footfalls rise", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the city playing host to several foreign delegates for CoP-11, many tourist attractions here are recording good footfalls and better revenue. Officials from various tourist spots such as Golconda Fort, Chowmahalla palace, Charminar and Shilparamam have noted a significant rise in the number of foreigners.Shop owners at Charminar too have a reason to rejoice as delegates visiting the monument are also purchasing items like lac bangles and attar. Many bangle stores in Laad Bazaar and owners of stores selling attar and surma reported a considerable rise in sales stating that these typical Hyderabadi items have generated huge interest among the foreigners.The hallmarks of the city's history, Charminar and Golconda Fort have been the most visited places so far by the foreign delegates and the brightly-lit structures have reportedly appealed to many who are even queuing up for second visits. \"Every delegate seems to be awestruck by the beauty of Charminar, Golconda Fort and also Chowmahalla Palace which are illuminated in the evening. These places are included in the daily evening tour for which around 50 members turn up daily and many have come more than once,\" said an APTDC official, who is manning the travel desk at CoP-11 venue.He further added that full day tours covering State Fine Arts Gallery, Salar Jung Museum, Birla Mandir, Mecca Masjid, Lumbini Park and Ramoji Film City are among other attractions and overnight weekend trips to Nagarjuna Sagar, Srisailam, Warangal, Ananthagiri Hills and Pochampally too are being received well by the delegates.Officials at these tourist spots reported a notable rise in the number of visitors. \"Our daily average footfall has increased by at least 30 per cent with the number of foreigners visiting the place going from around 25 to nearly 50 in a day and this has resulted in increased revenue too,\" said Kishan Rao, director of Chowmahalla Palace, adding that he is expecting the figures to rise further in the coming week and that a special event has been planned on Saturday for 250 delegates. Shilparamam too witnessed around 1000 visitors last weekend and officials said that the numbers are steadily increasing leading up to the next weekend.However, Salar Jung Museum seems to be missing out on the action due to its early closing time on weekdays. Although the closing time on weekends has been extended to 8 pm, it remains 5 pm on weekdays resulting in the museum's exclusion from the daily evening tour. But officials remained hopeful for the coming days. According to officials, several Japanese and Korean delegates even left a comment in the feedback form saying 'Dhanyavaadam'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16746034", "title": "CII to draw govt attention to Kanpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: To give impetus to Kanpur as an industrial hub, the state government will meet representatives of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in Kanpur on Wednesday.Vice chairman CII-UP State Council Atul Mehra told TOI: \"Though Kanpur has been among the top centres in the state in terms of generation revenue and contributing income and commercial taxes, it lags behind on several key infrastructure issues like power and roads. '' Following Wednesday's meeting with the state government, senior delegates of CII Northern region will also meet with officiating chief secretary Alok Ranjan on October 11, for finalising details of the CII partnership summit due to be held in Agra in January 2013.The government may also agree to participate in CII's first-of-its-kind regional conclave, 'Invest North', a mega event to showcase investment opportunities in the Northern states of NCT of Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh , J&K;, Punjab, Rajasthan, Uttra Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16746513", "title": "Vellalore protest continues", "text": "COIMBATORE: Public resentment against Coimbatore corporation refused to die down as multiple protests were held at six locations in Podanur, Kuniyamuthur, Athupalam and Kurichi on Tuesday. However, unlike on Monday, police did not allow the protesters to remain on the streets. They were immediately arrested and removed from the streets and released later in the evening.As many as 252 residents including 167 women courted arrest today after they remained steadfast on their demand to shift the dump yard from Vellalore. The total number of people who have courted arrest over this fire outbreak has crossed 500 since police had arrested and removed more than 250 people after they staged a protest on Vellalore main road on Monday raising slogans against the dump yard and city mayor SM Velusamy.\"The fire may have died down but there is smoke and stench still emanating from the dump yard. Residents do not deserve to suffer this ordeal,\" said J Rajendran, a resident of Mahalingapuram.Women and men fromVellalore, Mahalingapuram and Konavaikkalpalayam claimed that they would continue to protest until the corporation shifts the dump yard to some other non-residential area at the earliest. \"There are some basic criteria that must be followed when selecting sites to dump city wastes. First and foremost, it should not be in a residential area and there must be a buffer zone where no developmental works must be permitted,\" said V Easwaran, District General Secretary, MDMK.Meanwhile, workers of United Phosphorous Limited and municipal corporation officials used at least six earth movers along with bull dozers, to level the garbage spread across the sanitary land fill area on Wednesday evening. Workers are expected to wait for a day or two to level the garbage in the centre of the landfill as they need to wait for the heat inside the garbage heaps to cool down.The entire landfill is to be capped and levelled with soil and fresh garbage that is dumped will be treated in a systematic manner. The deposited waste will also be covered with soil and gravel to prevent any fire outbreak in the future claimed corporation officials. As per the norms, the private firm was supposed to finish capping of the waste dumped in the sanitary landfill before the arrival of the rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746624", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority in a fix over rehabilitating nullah families", "text": "JAIPUR: The JDA officials are in a quandary regarding the Amanishah Nullah matter. While, the state government is looking at possibilities to provide relief to thousands of families residing in the catchment area of the nullah, the high court orders continue to haunt them to take action.Official sources in the JDA claimed, \"We received the papers of high court orders on Tuesday. The court has asked to issue notices to house owners in 10 days and demolish all the encroachments within 30 days.\"Sources claimed that recently the state government had shown its intention to 'redraw' the nullah's centreline to 'save' maximum possible number of houses in the catchment area. The government was expecting to save nearly 60% of the residents, considered borderline cases, by redrawing the centreline.However, sources claimed, \"If the centreline is changed the court will pull up the officials. \" The JDA officials said that since there is no plan of action of the state government so far, the encroachers will continue to receive notices.\"The JDA will also erect the board on the sites of the nullah stating it as state government land from Wednesday,\" said a source. In the 48km stretch of the nullah, 39km is in JDA's jurisdiction and out of these 170 encroachments have been removed. It was also admitted in court that around 800-1,000 houses are there in this region.The JDA is also facing the challenge of maintaining law and order while carrying out the drive. Recently the pillars erected by the JDA to determine the centreline were uprooted by the nearby residents. According to the reports, approximately 64 pillars in different zones were uprooted in three kilometer area. \"To maintain law and order, the state government has to take strict action against such miscreants,\" said an official.The state government is looking at possibilities to provide relief to thousands of families residing in the catchment area of the Amanishah Nullah. The government is also likely to seek court directions for rehabilitating the displaced. This plea, too, was not entertained by the high court, which observed that it was for the government to decide if it wanted to rehabilitate the encroachers at some other place on humanitarian grounds.Sources said that the state government is also planning to move the Supreme Court against the high court's order to remove encroachments, which is likely to render many homeless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16745225", "title": "CU delays notification on extending term of syndicate", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The delay on the part of Calicut University authorities to issue a notification granting extension to the syndicate, despite the governor issuing an ordinance in this regard has caused resentment among the syndicate members.The syndicate and vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam are set to lock horns, as the varsity has written to the office of the chancellor, seeking clarification on granting extension to the syndicate, which completed its term on September 22.Syndicate members alleged that the VC was adopting delaying tactics by raising unnecessary issues. They said the varsity authorities were going slow on issuing the formal notification as the Kerala high court was set to take up a case filed by teacher's unions against the nomination of the syndicate members this week.They said that the VC had earlier taken a stand against granting extension to the 14-member syndicate and had approached the chief minister and the education minister against the move. The VC had also requested the removal of some members of the previous syndicate. But the demands were turned down by the government and the UDF political leadership, which granted one-year extension to the syndicate, they said. The syndicate members also said that there was no need for the varsity to ask for clarification on the extension of the term, as the governor ordinance, promulgated by the governor, also the chancellor of the varsity, was clear on the matter.The ordinance, titled Calicut University (Amendment) Ordinance 2012, said, \"it shall be deemed to have come into force on September 22, 2012.\" Further, the ordinance stated that \"notwithstanding the expiry of the term of the syndicate, anything done or any action taken on or after September 22, 2012 to the date of publication of this ordinance in the gazette shall be deemed to have been validly done.\"CU registrar P P Mohammed told TOI that the varsity writing to the office of the governor seeking some clarifications on the extension of the syndicate had contributed to the delay in issuing the notification.Meanwhile, the varsity on Tuesday announced that notification for election to the senate would be published on Wednesday and the last date for filing of nominations would be November 1. The fast-tracking of the election process, close on the heels of the government granting one year extension, is seen as aimed at clipping the wings of the nominated syndicate.##Kozhikode: Resentment is brewing over the delay by the Calicut University authorities to issue a notification granting extension to the syndicate despite the governor promulgating an ordinance extending its term for one more year on October 1.The syndicate and the vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam are all set to lock horns as the varsity has written to the office of the chancellor seeking clarification on granting extension to the syndicate, which has had completed its term on September 22.Syndicate members allege that the VC is adopting delaying tactics by raising unnecessary issues. They say that the varsity authorities are going slow on issuing the formal notification as the Kerala high court is set to take up a case filed by left teacher unions against the nomination of the syndicate this week.They said that the VC had earlier taken a stand against granting extension to the 14-member syndicate and had approached the chief minister and the education minister against the move.The VC had requested for putting in place a leaner syndicate by removing some members of the previous syndicate. But the demands were turned down by the government and the UDF political leadership which granted one-year extension to the syndicate, they said.Sources in the syndicate said that there was no need for the varsity to ask for clarification from the chancellor on the extension of the term as the ordinance, promulgated by the governor who is also the chancellor of the varsity, was crystal clear on the matter.The ordinance titled Calicut University (Amendment) Ordinance 2012 states that 'it shall be deemed to have come into force on the September 22, 2012.'Further the ordinance states that 'notwithstanding the expiry of the term of the syndicate, anything done or any action taken on or after 22nd day of September 2012 to the date of publication of this ordinance in the gazette shall be deemed to have been validly done.'CU registrar P P Mohammed told TOI that the varsity had written to the office of the governor seeking some clarifications on the extension of the syndicate which had contributed to the delay in issuing the notification.Meanwhile the varsity on Tuesday announced that notification for election to the senate will be published on Wednesday and the last date for filing of nominations would be November 1. The fast-tracking of the election process, close on the heels of the government granting one year extension, is seen as aimed at clipping the wings of the nominated syndicate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747150", "title": "Student portal to make paying fee easy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: College students in the city won't have to wait in serpentine queues to deposit fee or go through the same admission formalities every year as UT administration is set to launch a student portal, which will also keep parents posted on the attendance and marks of their wards. SMS alerts can be received for attendance shortage and fee defaults.Secretary (IT) Prerna Puri said that under the project, all data of the colleges would be computerized including biometric-based attendance system. System would be consisting of online module for students, parents and staff besides having e-payment of fees and other online provisions. The system will have centralized e-modules for students, staff and parents.The software is being developed by Society for Promotion of IT in Chandigarh (SPIC) and is expected to be put in place in two months. It will begin with the \"student interface\" and other features like parents' module, alumni and student clubs will be added to it in phases.\"It is a part of the e-governance project of the department of higher education. The objective is to implement the Integrated College Management System in all colleges under Chandigarh administration. SPIC has already finalized details of this project and development work has started at full pace,\" said director of higher education Ajoy Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16740703", "title": "Frisbee fever hits city", "text": "CHENNAI: In the next few days, Chennai will see a horde of people from all walks of life throng the sandy stretch of Elliots Beach, ringing in the season for Ultimate Frisbee, a sport of recent inception but with a much larger band of enthusiasts.Ultimate is an exciting non-contact team sport that dovetails the easy, relaxing throwing techniques of a regular game of Frisbee with features of other sports such as basketball, soccer and netball, and is quite popular around the world. It's no longer just the simple throw-and-catch game that we knew, but involves grit and exertion. Started by business graduates Manu Karan and Narayanan Krishnan who formed Chennai Ultimate Frisbee in 2007, the prominence of the sport has grown in the city over the last five years with over 300 players across 8 Chennai teams.\"The most endearing fact about the game is its spirit of fair play and sportsmanship. With practices like self-refereed matches, co-ed teams and non-contact play, Ultimate places the responsibility of playing right and fair directly on the players,\" says MR Nishanth, Tournament Director.\"It's a great game that requires a lot of skill,\" reiterates Kaavya Ram, an Ultimate enthusiast who has been hooked to the sport for over two years. \"In the end, it just builds mutual respect and as cliched as it might sound, builds the spirit of sportsmanship, and you get to meet new, energetic and fun people along the way. Basically, it all rests on the 'Spirit of the Game' principle.\"Though Chennai was a little late in catching on, no one's taken over the sport as enthusiastically as Chennaiites have, with even with one of the city teams holding the title of defending champions. Chennai Ultimate, which is currently India's largest Ultimate club, runs camps and classes to draw more attention towards the sport. This year's Chennai Heat will have teams from all around the country, battling it out for the title of India's Beach Ultimate champions. Teams from Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Auroville, and Chennai will take part in the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16747054", "title": "Winged guests arrive in Chilika", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Migratory birds have started arriving at the Chilika. On Monday, wildlife officials spotted many of those in Nalabana bird sanctuary. In 2011, they had come to the brackish water lagoon only in the third week of October. \"We have spotted birds of different species in the sanctuary,\" said divisional forest officer (wildlife) B P Acharya. Among the birds are northern pintail, gadwall, etc, he said.Ornithologists feel that early snowfall and non-availability of food in their native land might have prompted birds to migrate to safer places, including Chilika. \"They start migrating when they face difficulty in getting food and breeding,\" said noted ornithologist U N Dev.The abundance of food and favourable weather attracts birds to Chilika during winter, said Sudhakar Mohapatra, former chief conservator of forests. But he feels that the birds have not arrived early this year. \"They are on time this year,\" said Mohapatra. The wildlife division has taken steps to protect the feathered guests. \"We have set up camps in Nalabana to keep poachers at bay. More camps will be set up in other parts of the lake,\" the DFO said. \"We expect more birds to come in the days to come,\" he added.Last winter, around 8.83 lakh birds of 167 species had come to the lake, while around 8.04 lakh birds had spent winter in the blue lagoon in 2010-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16746746", "title": "Committee set up to study onion market", "text": "NASHIK: To resolve the stand off between traders and mathadi workers, the state on Tuesday decided to form a committee to study the functioning of the onion market.The committee will study the functioning of onion trade in Lasalgaon market and prepare a report on the same, to be presented to the district guardian minister and the labour minister to evolve an amicable solution to the trader-mathadi faceoff. \"The meeting to discuss the future of the business of the Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) in Lasalgaon was held in the office of the state labour minister Hasan Mushrif, where it was decided to study the situation for a month and then prepare a report,\" Jaydatta Holkar, chairman of Lasalgaon APMC said.The committee will comprise a director, a marketing federation, secretary of the labour department, MLA Shashikant Shinde (who will represent the mathadi workers), traders, directors of Lasalgaon, representatives of the farmers and the APMC chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16745296", "title": "Defence services remain a big attraction", "text": "DHARWAD: Defence services still attract a large number of youths, particularly those from rural areas of north Karnataka region.Their immense belief in themselves in facing the rough weather on the national borders and hardships of a career in armed forces, coupled with the spirit of patriotism is what drives youngsters to the armed forces. And of course, the economic security that the career offers is another important factor that makes rural youths, who are in dire need to support the family, opt for defence services.Rural youths who are physically robust and mentally fit are more attracted to the Army, CRPF and BSF than the Indian Air Force or the Indian Navy as they perceive that getting through the tests for Air Force and Navy is tough.The week-long recruitment drive for the Indian Army that concluded on Tuesday in Dharwad attracted over 12,000 youths in the 17.5-21 age group. Following stringent, transparent and fair mode of selection (which included various tests for physical fitness and verification of testimonials) only 1,200 could make it for the final list. They will now be undergoing a written test and medical examination which will be the last hurdle in the process of selection.According to official sources, among north Karnataka districts, Belgaum contributes the highest number of youths to the Armed forces followed by Bijapur and Dharwad. Gadag, Haveri, Koppal, Raichur, Gulbarga and Bidar lag behind as far as the number of youths joining the armed forces is concerned.The recruitment for soldier general duty, soldier tradesmen, soldier technical, nursing assistants, clerks and store keepers went on for a week in Dharwad from October 3-9.On less number of youths from Karnataka joining the Air Force and the Navy, Brigadier Somanath Jha said the process of selection and the level of difficulty of tests were the same for all the three wings of the defence service.The recruitment process is transparent, fair and stringent, said Brig. Somanath Jha, dy director general (recruitment, Karnataka and Kerala). The candidate's performance alone will count for selection.\"No outside influence can help in any way. The candidates should not fall prey to some individuals who collect money promising to help them get selected. We are overwhelmed by the response from the youths in north Karnataka and appreciate their zeal to join the Armed Forces. Efforts should be made to create awareness about the selection process and the documents they are supposed to furnish,\" he added.While the response to the recruitment drive for men at lower strata of the army is encouraging, the same is not the case with the recruitment for commissioned officer's positions. \"We are trying to motivate the students studying in engineering and medical colleges about the opportunities in defence forces. We are delivering motivating lectures. The response for recruitment from Uttara Kannada was good while the youths from Dakshina Kannada, Chikamagalur, Hassan, Chitradurga were not much inclined to join the armed forces. Kodagu is another district that contributes large number of youths to the force,\" said Col. A S Ghumman, assistant director general (recruitment).Better luck next timeFor the candidates who did not clear the fitness test, failure is the stepping stone to success next time. \"It has been my passion to join the defence force and serve the nation. I could not get selected this time due to lack of fitness. Now that I know the procedure, I will be better prepared next time,\" said Mahadev Pattanashetty, an aspirant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16749554", "title": "More Mcoca judges being appointed, Maharashtra govt tells high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government informed the Bombay high Court that additional judges were being appointed to head the special Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) courts across the state.Additional government pleader Sudeep Nargolkar informed a division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Sadhna Jadhav that the state had decided to appoint additional special judges for Thane, Raigad, Alibaug and the rest of Maharashtra.\"For Raigad and Alibaug, two additional judges will be appointed and one additional judge will be appointed for the special Thane court. For the remaining districts of Maharashtra, nine additional judges will be appointed,\" said Nargolkar . The court has asked the state government to ensure that special public prosecutors are available full time to appear in these matters. The court has also asked the state government to consider setting up a review committee to check if the special anti-gangster law had been invoked in a proper manner.The court was hearing a petition filed by Mohammed Atik Iqbal, an accused in the 2010 Pune German Bakery bomb blast case, who sought more judges for speedy disposal of cases under the MCOCA. The court has scheduled the next hearing of the case on October 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16747578", "title": "NHRC should not be trivalized for petty issues", "text": "The feeling of outrage at rolls being banned at this eatery may be entirely genuine, but surely it needs to be tempered with some sense of proportion. We very much doubt that the idea behind setting up the NHRC was to deal with violations of students' rights to have the menu of their choice at college eateries. Raising this issue in such a forum only serves to trivialize the notion of human rights. The petitioners would be best advised to apologize to the NHRC for wasting its time and withdraw their plea.Related story:  Stephanians take roll row to rights panel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745822", "title": "When roadblocks kill", "text": "CHENNAI: Several lives are lost every month because ambulances don't have easy access to three of the big hospitals in the city. And the culprits are mostly construction work, bad planning and U-turn restrictions that deny ambulances the right of way.Doctors at Voluntary Health Services Hospital in Taramani say at least three patients died in the past six months because vehicles carrying them got stuck in traffic near the Tidal Park signal. There is no right turn to the hospital for vehicles from the Madhya Kailash end, and they have to travel up to Tidel Park to take a U-turn. \"Had the traffic police allowed entry for emergency vehicles, these deaths could have been avoided,\" said VHS honorary secretary Dr S Suresh.Two years ago, the Madras high court directed the traffic police to provide an intersection for vehicles from Madhya Kailash to enter the hospital. But that never happened. Patients visiting the hospital have now started a signature campaign demanding better traffic management. \"This is one of the hospitals that provides treatment at low cost. If they allow vehicles to enter the hospital directly, I would save money on autorickshaw,\" says Kanaka S, who takes her 70-year-old father to the hospital for treatment of Parkinson's disease.Officials from the Tamil Nadu Road Development Corporation say they are not aware of the order. \"But it's not so easy to make a provision to let ambulances pass. The road caters to high-speed traffic and letting vehicles turn there may lead to accidents,\" said an official. The situation isn't too different on Poonamallee High Road which has about 10 hospitals.After the road was made one-way for metro rail works, ambulances have been forced to travel at least 15 minutes extra. The one-way has made movement of ambulances from Koyambedu smoother towards the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, but those heading to the hospital from the Central side have to take a detour via Gengu Reddy Salai (through a subway), Spurtank Road and Chetpet bridge. \"During peak hours, this means a loss of precious minutes for a critically ill person,\" said an official from the 108 ambulance services. \"Most patients we take to KMC are burn victims who need immediate care,\" he said.Traffic police officers say that creating a dedicated lane to KMC will be difficult. \"CMRL work has taken most of the road and Poonamallee High Road is saturated,\" said a traffic police officer involved in planning. \"Ambulances can alternatively use Barnaby Road.\"Similarly, an almost forgotten subway near Stanley Medical College and Hospital ensures that patients with crushed limbs from north Chennai take 20 minutes extra to reach the operation table. The construction of the subway which links Monegar Choultry Road and Cemetery Road, which began in 2008, remains incomplete. \"For patients from the northern parts of the city such as Tondiarpet, Gummidipoondi, Red Hills, Kasimedu, Minjur and Ponneri, Stanley is the only option,\" said the 108 official.Corporation of Chennai, the implementing agency for the subway, blames Southern Railway for the delay. \"About 70% of the project is done. We want to finish it by December. The main work is done, only things like laying drains and service lanes remains,\" said an official from the bridges department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16747211", "title": "Automated entry to Patna zoo", "text": "PATNA: The Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, commonly known as Patna zoo, has gone high-tech with an automated entry ticket system on 10 points at its two entrances.On the concluding day of the wildlife week celebrated from October 2 to October 9, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi inaugurated the automated gates on Tuesday. He also launched a dedicated website of the Valmiki Tiger Reserve (VTR) during the closing ceremony of wildlife week. The tickets are now having a barcode with no change in its price (Rs 15).\"Visitors' cooperation is required as the authorities alone cannot maintain the automated gates,\" Modi said. He also welcomed people to visit the VTR where the ecotourism package is going to be started from November 1.VTR director Santosh Tiwari said, \"The package would include accommodation at guesthouses, eco-huts, jungle safari and elephant rides.\"The entry fee for the VTR is Rs 50 per person and Rs 200 for each private vehicle. Tourists can check the website for availability of rooms at the lodge. There are eight eco-huts which could be booked in advance. According to the plan, tourists can take guidance of trained guards also.The tiger reserve area is proposed to be increased from 335 square km to 599 square km to create a core and buffer zone. According to a VTR official, people of Tharu tribe residing in 300 villages surrounding the VTR might face displacement due to the proposal of the increased area of VTR.However, the tiger population in the state's only tiger sanctuary project area had declined to eight compared to the last tiger census done in 2006. The pugmark based on 2006 census of the tigers available in the state had put the figure at 10, but according to the 2011 census VTR has only eight tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16748676", "title": "Ajay Devgn\u2019s return favour to Salman Khan", "text": "Gives away Sonakshi's dates for SOS promotions to Dabangg 2Friendship is a two-way street, and what better place than the film industry to demonstrate this fact? Salman Khan had taken time out from his busy schedule to shoot a song for Ajay Devgn's Son of Sardar and now, Ajay is going all out to return the favour.The actor, who has been rather discreet about his plans, will be pulling out all stops to promote his big release, next week onward. However, leading lady Sonakshi Sinha won't be accompanying Ajay during some of these outings. Reason being her dates which had earlier been allotted for travelling alongside Ajay have now been assigned to Salman to shoot a song for Dabangg 2 .A source told TOI, \"Salman told Ajay he would need Sonakshi to shoot a song for his film toward the end of this month. Ajay, who is glad Salman made time to shoot a song for his Son of Sardar, was more than happy to accommodate Salman's wishes. They are like brothers and these last minute changes were done over just a phone call without any argument.\"Sonakshi will finish shooting the Dabangg 2 song and then join Ajay in his promotional activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16745477", "title": "Andhra University strike called off", "text": "The protesting hostellers of Andhra University called off their strike in Visakhapatnam on Tuesday, after the in-charge registrar and other officials of the varsity promised the hostellers that the mess charge hike would be put on hold till 12th of September. They said that there would be a review meet regarding it after that. Earlier in the day, the students mounted pressure by not just refusing to hold talks with the university authorities but also approached minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao, who immediately brought the issue to the state's notice. tnnThe students who had been demanding a reversion of the mess charge to the old rates, improvement in quality of food being served, reduction in power rates had continued with the blockade of the main gate just as on Monday. When the In-Charge Registrar, Dr Swarajyalakshmi and Principal Arts College Professor K Srirammurthy approached the students to talk to them the striking hostellers refused flat out to talk to the authorities and seemed to be in no mood to relent.However, with Ganta Srinivasa Rao taking it to the notice of the State Government the students sensed a change in the stand of the authorities. Later the University authorities informed the elated students that the mess hike would be put on hold till the 12th of October after which there would be a review. Furthermore the authorities noted that the extra load of Rs 20 per daily wage worker would be totally borne by the University. More importantly they informed the students thatstudent committees would be formed to maintain and run the messes in the various hostels. On the power front the authorities said that they would approach APEPDCL for a subsidy.While the hostellers strike was on the Andhra University M Sc (Tech) ( a self-financed course with no UGC recognition) students had approached Vizag MP and Union Minister of State for HR Dr D Purendereshwari elaborating on their recognition problem. Responding to their pleas, the Visakhapatnam MP held a meet with Professor Ved Prakash, Chairman UGC and S S Mantha Chairman AICTE and Professor George Victor, In-Charge VC of Andhra University and directed them to sort out the issue at the earliest, keeping in view the urgency of the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16747631", "title": "Dissolve Ponda civic body: Mamledar", "text": "PONDA: Alleging the Ponda municipal council (PMC) has failed to tackle the garbage issue in the town, Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar said that he has sought the immediate dissolution of the PMC. He said he has written to the chief minister about the same as PMC councillors, including Radhika Nayak, approached him and demanded that the council be dissolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746142", "title": "Women more prone to depression than men, Indians worst hit: WHO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women are highly prone to depression, a significant contributor to disease and even suicidal tendencies.The World Health Organization (WHO) says the burden of depression is 50% higher for females than males.The World Mental Health Report adds that depression is two to three times more common in women.According to the WHO, Indians are among the world's most depressed.A study conducted by the global watchdogs found that while around 9% of people in India reported having an extended period of depression within their lifetime, around 36% suffered from what is called major depressive episode (MDE).MDE is characterized by sadness, loss of interest or pleasure, feelings of guilt or low self-worth, disturbed sleep or appetite, low energy and poor concentration besides feeling depressed.The average age of depression in India is 31.9 years compared to 18.8 years in China and in the US (22.7 years).By 2020, depression will be the second leading cause of world disability, and by 2030 it is expected to be the largest contributor to disease burden.The World Psychiatric Association (WPA) says that one out of 10 people globally suffer from major depression and almost one out of five persons has suffered from this disorder during h/his lifetime (one-year prevalence is 10% and lifetime prevalence 17%).India's hidden burden of depression could seriously spike the country's suicide figures.A report by the WHO, Depression and Global Crisis, says almost one million lives are lost yearly due to suicide, which works out to 3,000 suicide deaths daily.For every person, who completes a suicide, 20 or more may attempt to end h/his life. At present, depression is estimated to affect 350 million people.Depressive disorders often start at a young age, and could often be a recurring symptom.The WHO study, published in the BMC Medicine journal and based on interviews of more than 89,000 people in 18 countries by 20 different researchers, says depression affects nearly 121 million people worldwide, and is the second leading contributor to shorter lifespan for individuals in 15-44 age group.The percentage of respondents, who had lifetime MDE was higher in high-income (28.1%) than in low to middle-income (19.8%) nations.WHO ranks depression as the fourth leading cause of disability worldwide and projects that by 2020, it will be the second leading cause.The recent World Health Assembly called on the member states to take action to curb depression.Although there are known effective treatments for depression, access to treatment is a problem in most countries and in some countries fewer than 10% of those who need it receive such treatment.Vikram Patel, professor of International Mental Health from the Centre for Global Mental Health, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine said, \"This year's mental health day theme is depression which is a global crisis. With regards to suicide in particular, depression is perhaps the leading mental health related factor which is associated with the risk for suicide.\"Depression is a more disabling condition for sufferers than angina, arthritis , asthma and diabetes , new research from the World Health Organization (WHO) shows. A Lancet study said, \"People suffering from Depression keep on suffering and may prove fatal as it interfere with our day to day life, as one stop taking interest in work, studies, sleep and other activities.\"Depression is a common mental disorder, characterized by sadness, loss of interest or pleasure, feelings of guilt or low self-worth, disturbed sleep or appetite, feelings of tiredness, and poor concentration. Depression can be long-lasting or recurrent, substantially impairing an individual's ability to function at work or school or cope with daily life.At its most severe, depression can lead to suicide. When mild, people can be treated without medicines but when depression is moderate or severe they may need medication and professional talking treatments.Experts say depression is a disorder that can be reliably diagnosed and treated by non-specialists as part of primary health care. Specialist care is needed for a small proportion of individuals with complicated depression or those who do not respond to first-line treatments.Depression prevalence /MDE prevalence /Average age of onset of depressionIndia \u20149% / 36% / 31.9France \u2014 21% / 32.3% / 28.4US \u2014 19.2% / 30.9% / 22.7China \u2014 6.5% / 12% / 18.8Germany \u2014 9.9% / 23% / 27.6", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746057", "title": "PM says LPG subsidy to stay, Reddy rules out diesel hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh on Tuesday appeared to be rejecting the Kelkar report recommendations on fuel pricing by saying subsidy has to be given to rural poor on cooking gas and electricity for meeting the government's objective of giving access to energy to all.\"We recognize that the rural poor will need some subsidy to afford electricity and LPG. The issue is to target the subsidy as best as possible,\" Singh said while inaugurating the new and renewable energy ministry's international seminar on energy access here.The PM said the government was aiming to \"provide every Indian household with clean cooking fuel\" and making efforts to widen LPG's reach in rural areas.As if on cue, oil minister S Jaipal Reddy later in the day ruled out any further increase in diesel and kitchen fuel prices even though their present retail rates were lower than cost of production.\"I am not so courageous... There is a need to raise prices but not courage,\" Reddy said at the Economic Editors' Conference in reply to questions whether the government would consider raising prices in view of estimates that state-run fuel retailers would lose Rs 167,000 crore on diesel, cooking gas and kerosene this fiscal.The government had last month raised diesel price by Rs 5.62 per litre and capped the supply of subsidized cooking gas to six cylinders per household in a year. Fuel retailers are still losing Rs 11.65 per litre on diesel, Rs 33.93 on kerosene sold through ration shops and Rs 468.50 per 14.2-kg domestic cooking gas cylinder.The PM also said the government was moving to ensure round-the-clock power supply to all in the next five years. \"The Government of India aims to provide 24x7 electricity to all households in the country and affordable access to electricity in the next five years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745113", "title": "Recruitment drive to be held on Oct 15", "text": "KOCHI: District employment exchange, Ernakulam will organize a recruitment programme called 'Technodrive' on October 15. The programme is expected to provide jobs to around 1,000 persons. Labour minister Shibu Baby John will inaugurate the programme at a function which will be held at the district panchayat community hall.Registration of candidates seeking employment will begin at 9am. Entry will be allowed to first 1,000 persons who register first.The programme is the second recruitment drive this year which is being organized by the district employment exchange, said M N Prabhakaran, district employment officer. Around 30 companies are expected to attend the programme. Those with educational qualifications starting from plus-two to post graduation can attend the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16746565", "title": "Demise leaves a vacuum in Brahmin leadership", "text": "JAIPUR: The demise of veteran Congressman Nawal Kishore Sharma has created leadership vacuum of a politician who was an authority among the Brahmins irrespective of their political ideologies. The 87-year-old leader was politically and socially active in the community till his last days.It was for his acceptability across political lines that Congress president Sonia Gandhi described Sharma in her condolence message as among the last ones of the generation of leaders with a political vision. Sharma ranked among stalwarts like Mohan Lal Sukhadia, Bhairon Singh Shekhawat, Nathu Ram Mirdha and Kumbha Ram Arya, who commanded respect of their communities irrespective of political barriers. Congress now has Brahmin leaders in CP Joshi, Girija Vyas, BD Kalla and Rajendra Pareek, among others, but they hardly match the stature of Sharma who had complete command over the community.\"Even in the 2008 assembly elections and 2009 Lok Sabha elections, Sharma played a role in finalization of Congress tickets on nearly half-a-dozen seats,\" said a Congress office-bearer.Political observers believe Congress's Brahmin vote bank was strongest when Sharma was at the peak of his career. He shaped the political careers of quite a few among the present generation Brahmin leaders. This was one reason why his opinion was regarded as the final word by both Congress and BJP Brahmin leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16746649", "title": "Long-standing rift between MS Dhoni &amp; Virender Sehwag needs to be bridged before it's too late", "text": "There's an air of unease and discomfort around Indian cricket at the moment. It stems from the senior national team, with the reputations of a few 'big' names overshadowing their performances in recent months.It may be far-fetched to blame India's early exit from the World T20 in Sri Lanka on this; but there's no denying that if this disquiet is not addressed quickly, the team will continue to struggle in all formats.The outspoken Mohinder Amarnath, who was expected to become the chief national selector, found himself out of the panel itself because he questioned Mahendra Singh Dhoni's retention as Test captain.VVS Laxman , who retired in pique, did not invite Dhoni to his little post-retirement celebration at home that included all other team members. The two incidents clearly showed that all was not well in the team.Further, the fact that Dhoni and opening bat Virender Sehwag do not see eye-to-eye, to put it mildly, has been an open secret for some time now. There's also very little doubt about where Sehwag's opening partner Gautam Gambhir's priorities lie.Until last year, all these stories were dismissed as 'rumours'; but today, nobody even bothers to deny them. In fact, even players who have just about managed to warm the Team India bench a couple of times, are privy to this 'feud'.\"Ego,\" say some, while others point to \"difference in thinking between Dhoni and Sehwag\". Whatever, it certainly isn't helping India's cause.It's all the more worrying because the 'rifts' only seem to happen more often when at least two-three of these senior players are not exactly performing at even their half-best.Sehwag's last century in Test cricket came in 2010, as did Gambhir's; 2011 was the worst year for Dhoni as Test batsman. Even in One-day cricket, India didn't waste much time slipping from Number One after winning the World Cup.In Twenty20, they're not only ranked fifth in the world but also have the additional burden of having failed in the shortest format since their World T20 triumph in 2007.In such a scenario, off-the-field squabbling is only bound to get more fuel. That the national selection committee has acted like a toothless body in controlling these affairs only made things worse. Zonal priorities, regionalism and backroom lobbying also seem to be back with a bang.\"One of the biggest problems is lack of trust. When a player doesn't trust his captain or the captain doesn't trust his player, it has lead to trouble,\" say those who track Team India.Those in the circuit are quick to point out that lack of runs or camaraderie hasn't affected the same cricketers when they play for their respective Indian Premier League (IPL) franchises.Sehwag enjoyed one of his better seasons in IPL this year when a string of impressive scores resulted in Delhi Daredevils - certainly not among the favourites at the start of the season - vaulting into the semifinals.Dhoni, always a favourite when he turns out in a Chennai Super Kings jersey, once again led his team with fire into the final. Gambhir's performances turned out to be the best of the lot, in not only leading the team but also helping Kolkata Knight Riders win the trophy.Somehow, the same three have not been so effective when they joined hands and turned out for the national team. On current form, none of them deserves a place in either the Test side or even the T20 squad.But lack of options, and the despondent trend of reputations being more important than performances, have made sure that they could not be touched. India's next international assignment is still more than a month away - the Test series against England - and there's a new selection committee in place that doesn't have to connect with the past baggage.Speculation is already rife that Dhoni could make way for a new skipper in the Twenty20 format. He is likely to hold his position as ODI skipper, while Gambhir could take over in Tests.But these are, again, just rumours as of now. The fact remains that BCCI has to act and has to act fast. Two former national selectors point to the last time when Indian cricket had gone through a similar phase - 2004-2005 to be precise.\"When your priority as a cricketer changes from helping the team win matches to consolidating your position in the team or the system, it has to have a negative impact,\" says one of them.It is clear that at the moment that's precisely what's happening, with the senior players flexing their muscles to assert themselvesA stormy relationship that still continuesTeam India's two pillars - Virender Sehwag and MS Dhoni - have been at the loggerheads for some time now. Looking back, the two had never been the best of friends and now, as the fraternity may like to suggest, things have only gone from bad to worse.A rift timeline* Cracks are first learnt to have surfaced when Dhoni got elevated as Team India skipper* Relations soured a little when Dhoni rested Sehwag in the World T20 final against Pakistan in 2007, opting to open with Gautam Gambhir and Yusuf Pathan .* In 2008, Dhoni once again rested Sehwag for fitness reasons during the CB Series in Australia. However, Sehwag later clarified that he was fit.* The inclusion of Robin Uthappa for the CB Series final threatened to spoil relations further.* Dhoni made a public show of team unity in 2009 when Sehwag carried a shoulder injury into the tournament and later was rested. A case of very bad PR.* Soon after, Sehwag signaled his intent to captain Team India when he said, \"I will not be vice captain, I am ready to be captain.* Dhoni insisting on rotation policy and Sehwag resisting it, rumoured accusations of him being a liability on the field and lack of trust have are further learnt to have brought the relationship to a cut-off point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16746939", "title": "Manipur rebels vow to intensify \u2018freedom\u2019 stir", "text": "IMPHAL: Two rebel outfits \u2014 the People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (Prepak) and the People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak-Progressive (Prepak-Pro) \u2014 have refused to hold peace talks with the Centre.Instead, both Prepak and Prepak (Pro) have vowed to intensify their movement to restore Manipur's sovereignty. The outfits, which completed 35 years on Tuesday, are the constituent members of the Coordination Committee (CorCom), an umbrella body of seven rebel groups of the state.Prepak chairman N Nongdrenkhomba and Prepak (Pro) chairman Paliba M, in separate statements, said they will not enter into talks with New Delhi.Paliba said the outfit in its possible strength will fight the security forces to ensure the movement is placed in a specific position under the aegis of CorCom. On the frequent call for peace talks by chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh and governor Gurbachan Jagat, he said New Delhi must first agree to give Manipur back its sovereignty, which was allegedly annexed through coercion and treachery.Alleging that the military is sporting a mask of 'soft power', the outfit called upon the people not to be taken in by their military civic action programme.Prepak chairman Nongdrenkhomba said, \"As long as the alien (New Delhi) rule continues, the liberation movement will continue. The problem will be resolved only when New Delhi along with its military withdraws from Manipur's soil.\"Stating that Manipur has remained an \"occupied territory\" for 63 years, Nongdrenkhomba said the struggle to restore the lost sovereignty has been moving on without flagging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16746026", "title": "District Inspector of Schools takes police station route for fair play in primary education", "text": "LUCKNOW: For the benefit of parents who want to confirm whether the school they are sending their ward to is recognised or not, a list of all recognised as well as not recognised schools will now be put up in police stations across the city. The lists include the one that names 229 unrecognised schools for which FIR has been lodged.The initiative was taken up by District Inspector of Schools (DIOS) Umesh Tripathi on demand of UP Secondary Education Teachers' Association.\"List of recognised schools is almost prepared. We will try our best to circulate it in police stations in the next two days,'' said Tripathi. According to secondary education teachers, there are 661 recognised schools in the state capital. An estimated 200-plus unrecognised schools are running in the city.Tripathi said the exercise was aimed at cracking the whip on the rising number of unrecognised schools in the city. \"Once the list of recognised schools is available at police stations, the police officials can take immediate action against unrecognized schools in their vicinity. Parents can also complain about their existence to the police officials.''State secretary UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh RP Mishra said, \"The list of recognised schools will not only help parents be cautious but also instill fear among the education mafia. But this is possible only when strict and immediate action is taken against the guilty.''Secondary education teachers pointed out that the unrecognised schools functioned mainly as coaching centres.According to Mishra, more than 35,000 class X and XII students are affected with the existence of unrecognised schools in Lucknow. A month back, the state education department lodged an FIR against 229 institutions running without recognition by UP board. Out of 229 such schools identified in the city, 118 are totally illegal as the education department never granted them recognition at any level, though they are running classes for the UP Board.At least 111 schools are conducting illegally classes X and XII, when actually they are recognised to hold only primary classes. Some of these schools have even opened up branches in different parts of the district. In the process, as many as 50 recognised schools were issued notices for registering students, illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16747173", "title": "Foresters fail to shift deer to Hazaribagh enclosure", "text": "BOKARO: A wildlife team failed to shift deer from the Chandrapura Deer Park here to Rajderva Deer Enclosure at Hazaribagh despite their efforts during the past six months.The team, which camped at Badam Pahari for more than 20 days, returned empty-handed on Tuesday. The park has been derecognized by the forest department in 2008. The deer are to be shifted to the new enclosure in Rajderva and once they get acclimatized to the natural environment, they will be released in the forest. The wildlife team had launched the shifting process in April 12, but opposition from local people hampered their work. When the forest officials managed to calm the residents, the deer do not seem to be interested in getting shifted.as they refuse to go inside the truck to transport them to Hazaribag.The park had been announced closed for public about three years ago by the state forest department following direction of the Central Zoo Authority (CZA).The Deer Park, which is maintained by the Damoder Valley Corporation, Chandrapura, is spread over five hectares on a hill named Badami. The park came into existence in 1990 when the DVC management brought four pairs of white spotted deer from Maithon. Later, the numbers of animals have increased to 60 giving the park the look of a mini zoo.Range officer, Rajderva Deer Enclosure, Gopal Chandra, who was heading the team, said they had placed a truck with an open cage for the deer. \"But they did not go inide which forced us to return. We found it difficult to lure the deer into the truck because it was the mating seasonWe will resume the shifting process a few months later, when female deer would deliver fawns. It will be easy then to lure them to the truck for transportation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746274", "title": "Activist undergoes cataract surgery", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare underwent a sutureless cataract surgery for his right eye at a private hospital in Pune on Tuesday. He was discharged an hour after the surgery, which was kept a secret due to security reasons.Aged people commonly experience cataract, which is a clouding of the eye's natural lens. Anna had undergone cataract surgery for his left eye at the same hospital in January, last year.\"Anna had developed cataract in his right eye due to old age. His near and long sight had become hazy and he was finding it difficult to see. We extracted this through phacoemulsification technique at 9 am on Tuesday. It was a routine cataract surgery. He was discharged within an hour,\" said eye surgeon Sangeeta Wagh, who performed the surgery on Hazare at her hospital - Wagh Netralaya - on Ghole Road.Asked what medicines he has been prescribed, Wagh said, \"Only steroid eye drop and antibiotics have been prescribed to him. He has been asked to come for follow up treatment next week.\" She said, \"He has been told to avoid crowded places and take rest and precaution for a week.\"Phacoemulsification is used to restore vision in patients whose vision has become cloudy from cataract. Phacoemulsification cataract surgery is a procedure in which an ultrasonic device is used to break up and then remove a cloudy lens, or cataract, from the eye to improve vision. The insertion of an intraocular lens usually immediately follows phacoemulsification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16745157", "title": "Job racket: Intelligence Bureau official gets bail", "text": "KOCHI: An Intelligence Bureau official wanted in a job racket case was granted anticipatory bail by the Kerala high court on Tuesday.M Srinivasa Rao, a deputy central intelligence officer from Maharashtra, was granted anticipatory bail by Justice P Bhavadasan.The intelligence officer is alleged to have facilitated stamping of forged visas while he was stationed at Kochi.Chengamanad police have filed a report before Aluva judicial first class magistrate court accusing the intelligence officer of getting involved in human trafficking to South Africa in 2006. The case was registered after job aspirants who arrived at Johannesburg airport on forged travel documents were sent back by South African officials.Allowing anticipatory bail, the court observed that police's move upon filing the bail plea confirms the intelligence officer's allegation that police is trying to trap him in the case. The court also ruled against the contention that the officer may abscond, pointing out that he has been cooperating with the investigation till now. Further, the court has directed that the officer should be arrested only if it is necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747193", "title": "Student bodies see red over allowing Rahul show", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's visit to Panjab University on October 11 has evoked sharp criticism from three key student bodies active on the campus, citing it as a stark deviation from academic events on the campus. But there was no reaction from SOPU, which won the recent student council elections.Rahul will be interacting with students from city colleges at an event being organized by NSUI. Citing it as a political stunt and criticizing PU authorities for facilitating the event, these student unions have joined hands against the visit of Congress leader. PUSU, ABVP and HSA have written to PU authorities expressing their dissent on the visit. \"Politics seems to have become the main activity in PU. Neither any academic-related activity has been planned for the upcoming NSUI Punjab programme nor would any cultural programme be organized,\" said an ABVP supporters. Vaibhav Gupta, University in charge ABVP; Dinesh Chauhan, organization secretary, opined that since Rahul is \"not even a minister who can interact on issues of national or regional interest, his visit to PU makes no sense\".\"If such permissions are given, it should be given to all parties. ABVP had also sought permission for law auditorium ground on October 12 to organize an interactive programme. It was denied permission by the VC office,\" said ABVP leaders.ABVP members said they would hold protest against this \"injustice\" on campus. PUSU also questioned PU authorities in allowing a political function by Rahul Gandhi. In a joint statement issued on Tuesday by Sukhjit Singh Brar (president, PUSU), Jeewanjyot Chahal (chairman, PUSU), Cherry Brar (senior leader), Smriti Brar (vice-presidential candidate, PUSU) and Sumit Goklaney (party In charge), they said that anxious students feel that the sanctity of the university will be violated and their movement is likely to be curtailed.HSA also expressed its dissent since the central status, which was promised by Rahul, was not implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746212", "title": "Govt has powers for fiscal consolidation, says Vijay Kelkar", "text": "PUNE: Former Union finance secretary Vijay Kelkar said on Tuesday that implementing the recommendations his committee made in its report on the 'roadmap to fiscal consolidation' do not need any parliamentary approvals, new laws or amendments to existing ones. Actions on all the recommendations are possible within the government's administrative powers, he said.Kelkar said the country's fiscal consolidation will depend on how much government expenditure can b contained and how much fiscal and current account deficit can be reduced, as that alone will make money available for development. He was addressing a meeting of members of the Pune International Centre and Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industry and Agriculture here.Kelkar said subsidies across sectors will have to come down as they are a major drag on the country's resources. However, given their deep entrenchment in India's public finance system, the committee has recommended reducing subsidies in a step-by-step manner, he said.Selling government land is a legitimate way of raising funds to create modern infrastructure as the government would only be converting one kind of asset into another, more productive one. Leading cites of the world, such as New York, Paris and Shanghai, have done this, he said. Kelkar said selling of defence land is a sensitive issue and should be addressed after other land reserves are monetised.Kelkar stated salient points of his committee's report and explained the background of declining economic growth in which the government wanted to seek ways for the country's fiscal consolidation. \"We have created this situation and we have to find a way out of it,\" he said.He clarified that his committee's recommendation to reduce plan expenditure did not mean cutting down allocation for development purposes. \"There are many heads of plan expenditure which are not in the nature of capital expenditure. We should look at them,\" he said.Kelkar said schemes like NREGA are relevant as they intend to protect the livelihood of India's rural masses. Some of the recommendations may have the tendency to add to inflation , but would be good for the economy as long as they create employment in country, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747224", "title": "Ranchi roads riddled with risks", "text": "RANCHI: The commuters in the city have a new addition to the hurdles they face to reach office, markets or college everyday- dividers. Positioned on busy thorughfares, these dividers should not be underestimated as far as their potential to cause accidents are concerned. Leave alone minor accidents that happen everyday, they could well lead to a major one someday.The advertisements of telecom-service providers splashed on the dividers have emerged as the biggest cause of distraction for drivers. Recalling an incident, Ananya Mittal, a college student said, \"I was riding on my two-wheeler when I saw some talk-time schemes for the connection that I have subscribed to in an advertisement painted attractively on a divider. I was engrossed in reading it when suddenly the signal went red and I bumped into the car that stopped in front of me.\"Though the advertisements are not illegal, but with cellular phones becoming an inseparable part of people's lives today, it is only natural for them to be distracted by anything that is remotely related to them.Apart from the advertisements, the iron rods on dividers are also causing accidents, both minor and major ones. The iron rods on the barricades were meant to prevent people from crossing the divider in the midst of a traffic snarl. But with the passage of time, these dividers have become bent on either sides, thus, posing a grave hazard to two-wheelers that come too close.\"In some places, the divider has bent completely on one side posing a major risk for anyone who ventures close. To make matters worse, advertisement banners are put up on these rods. This makes it impossible for anyone to see straight if the rod is bent or not, until one goes and hits it,\" said Mukesh Rai, an office goer.Not to mention the potholes, another major cause for accidents. Even though the PWD is working on filling the potholes, a lot more still needs to be done. There are examples aplenty of places in the city where both the lanes are riddled with some or the other problem. A case in point is the stretch of road from Radium Road Chowk to Raj Bhavan. There are potholes on one lane and a part of the divider is broken and fallen on the other lane. Accidents are still avoidable during daytime but driving on that stretch becomes risky at night when people are unable to see clearly from a distance and, thus, are unable to avoid these barriers.The metallic movable barricades of the traffic police also lead to minor accidents. Instead of being placed in a line, these barricades are always pointed towards one side reducing the width of the road and also creating a problem for the drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16745651", "title": "Litmus test for aspiring Times Scholars", "text": "CHENNAI: The race for the 'brightest mind' tag reached a pivotal stage on Tuesday as students from across a spectrum of academic fields geared to pit their wits against each other in the third round of the Times Scholars programme.Tension was writ large on the faces of 50 students from various Chennai schools as they milled about waiting to be interviewed by a panel of distinguished academicians.For students like Jayadev Kumar Jayaraman of the National Public school, the reality was yet to sink in that he outdid more than 1,000 students in the state to reach the interview stage. \"I was a little apprehensive in the beginning as I knew I was competing with the best. I still find it hard to believe I have reached this stage,\" he said with a smile.Jayadev, who wants to pursue an MBA in a premier institute, said the various levels of the programme helped him tune his skills and boost his confidence. \"It feels like I am discovering myself. Now I feel a lot more confident while standing before an interviewer,\" he said.The students were selected from a pool of more than 500 who appeared for the computer-based aptitude test held here recently. Those short-listed will be invited to Delhi for the final round where 20 Times Scholars will be selected.Students were not the only ones nervous. Parents who accompanied them were equally tense. \"We made our son register for this programme as we believe it will help him prepare for more exams and interviews in the future. At every stage we were tense, but confident,\" said Karan Gaur, an aspirant's mother. The panelists included dean of students L S Ganesh and professor Balakrishna Rao of the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras, Madras School of Social Work principal Fatima Vasanth and dean of planning at SASTRA University S Vaidhyasubramaniam.The programme, an initiative of The Times of India, recognises and rewards the brightest young minds in the country. About 45,000 applications were received from across the country. While 3,800 were shortlisted to take the aptitude test, 500 made it to the interview stage. The 20 Times Scholars will get a scholarship of 5,00,000 each, while 80 students will receive 5,000 each as a special mention scholarship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mayiladuthurai", "code": "16747560", "title": "Realtor hacked to death", "text": "MAYILADUTHURAI: A realtor was hacked to death by unidentified persons in Tharasuram near Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district early on Tuesday morning. The victim, Baskar (40) was a resident of Mission Street in Tharasuram and was into real estate business.Police said that he was on his way to his farmland in Chozhan Maligai on his bicycle when the incident occurred. According to the villagers, two unidentified motorcycle-borne men had been following Baskar and when he neared the Tharasuram railway gate, the duo intercepted and attacked him with billhooks. Baskar sustained severe injuries and succumbed to the injuries on the spot. Meanwhile, the murderers fled the scene.On information, a police team led by Kumbakonam DSP Sivabaskar rushed to the spot and took fingerprints. Police recovered the body and sent it to the Kumbakonam government hospital. The postmortem was performed and the body was handed over the family members of the deceased.\"Investigations are on to find the identity of the murderers and the motive. The family members of the deceased person have also raised their suspicions on a few people. We will conduct investigations from that angle as well,\" Sivabaskar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16746275", "title": "States asked to inform Centre about Operation Blue Star veterans\u2019 visits abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union home ministry on Tuesday reviewed the security of Lt-Gen (retired) K S Brar, who escaped assassination bid in London on September 30, and decided to sensitize all the states to keep the Centre in the loop whenever the Operation Blue Star veterans - living within their respective jurisdictions \u2014 travel abroad.\"It was found that the Mumbai Police had failed to inform the home ministry about Lt-Gen's travel plan despite being informed by the local Army authorities well in advance,\" said an official.He said it was also decided to continue the Army security for all Operation Blue Star veterans, including Brar, within the country. The home ministry through the external affairs ministry would sensitize the High CommissionsEmbassies in case they visit abroad, he added.The issue of communication gap among various authorities and the probable leak of information about the Lt-Gen Brar's travel plan also came up for discussion during the review meeting.Under a standard drill, it is the defence ministry that provides security within the country to all protected senior retired Army personnel who had participated in Operation Blue Star to flush out Khalistani militants from the Golden Temple, Amritsar, in June, 1984.Home ministry only periodically reviews the security of the protected persons based on actual threat perception and informs the status to the defence ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747148", "title": "Blaine electrifies magical minds", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Veteran magician David Blaine stood in tranquility for 72 hours altogether amidst a million volts travelling through his body. No fear, no discontent, Blaine walked out of the spray of electrons healthy as ever, as the world watched in utmost astonishment.This miraculous stunt has wowed magicians in Chandigarh too, who strongly believe that such acts of courage would one day revive the dying art of magic. Pradeep Kumar of Sector 37, who has been practicing magic for more than two decades, said: \"Over my 22 years of experience in the field, I have realized that people do not wish to take up magic as their profession instead, they prefer it as a hobby. David Blaine's magical performances are extremely stunning and eye-catching. It would boost people's interest in magic globally.\"Pradeep is proud of his winning the convention of magicians which saw participation of 250 magicians from across the world. \"I lifted myself five feet above the ground and floated in the air like a bird,\" he said, gleaming cheerfully.As they say \"knowledge is forever\", the fact applies to magician Rajkumar of Sector 56 as well who feels that despite his years in magic, he is still learning trick of the trade. \"There was a time when crowds used to gather at a venue just to watch and enjoy magic of the moment. The art attracted people of all ages but now, it's just kids who find fun in illusions and tricks,\" Rajkumar said.He, however, feels David Blaine to be an exception. \"Millions of people fall for his magic. He does to well.\" Discussing his achievements, Rajkumar said: \"Once I made a girl stand in a wooden box and chopped it into three pieces of different size. The act was appreciated by everyone.\"But magician Subhash of Sector 38, who has been doing magic for the past eight years, feels that these performances aren't a profitable venture. \"People lose interest gradually over the years. My greatest act was when I transformed faces of two persons for a couple of minutes,\" he said.Magician Suresh Malik of Panchkula said feels the same way. \"It is only that David performed something extraordinary otherwise who cares about magic. Governments of European countries support magicians but in India, neither the Centre, nor the state is bothered tor revive this art. There are many very talented magicians in India, but they stay away due to lack of support.\" Arvind Jayashankar is the favorite among students in top educational institutions in the city and the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16745492", "title": "Two-day national meet on financial inclusion begins", "text": "MYSORE: Prof R S Deshpande, director of Institute for Social and Economic Change, has said that India is at low-level equilibrium when it comes to financial inclusion.Delivering his keynote address during ICSSR-sponsored two-day national conference on 'Financial Inclusion in India: Issues and Challenges' that began here on Tuesday, he said: \"Financial inclusion is deprivation of access to capital -- both working and fixed. It was hard to obtain loans in earlier days. Banks failed to understand the idea of financial inclusion in those days. ith a change in their stand in the recent times, they started lending money through loan melas and other schemes.\"\"Banks have realized that it is better to lend money and generate income. That is because they realized loan is the only instrument to generate income,\" he added.Commenting on government schemes, Prof Deshpande said they are meant to make villagers financially stable, but come with riders.\"Micro-finance schemes squeeze more interest from the poor,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16745649", "title": "Jobs help patients get a grip", "text": "Bhavani is a beauty treatment professional known for her soothing facial and body massages. She roamed the city's streets a few years ago before being rescued and rehabilitated by mental health workers. With a steady job and income, she has become selfreliant while symptoms of her mental illness have receded.Experts say treating the mentally ill with drugs provides limited results. The way forward is to ensure that patients get gainful employment so they are self-sufficient and their confidence gets a boost, says Vandana Gopikumar, foundertrustee of The Banyan, an organisation that rehabilitates mentally ill women. \"Though there is more awareness about mental health, poverty still debilitates many people with psychological disorders,\" she says. Having a job helps the mentally ill in several ways.\"I take tablets regularly but I am more confident now because I have been working for more than five years,\" says Bhavani, 32. She had run away from her home in Tirunelveli and landed in Chennai. \"I had depression and attempted suicide. Life is much better now,\" she says.After The Banyan rescued her in 2004, she attended craft sessions and signed up for a course to become a beautician. \"I don't have to depend on anyone now. My illness is under control because the job keeps my mind occupied,\" she says.Balaji, who also has psychological problems, gives art lessons at The Banyan's daycare centre. He also says he has no time to brood over negative things. \"I used to worry about everything, mostly my self-control,\" says the 45-year-old, whose bright madhubani and warli paintings adorn the walls of the centre. Psychological problems led to him dropping out of college. Once his treatment routine stabilised, he was asked to teach at the daycare centre in K K Nagar. \"He is efficient and enthusiastic,\" says Punita Suresh, the centre's coordinator.Balaji has done diploma courses in screen printing and fine arts. \"My social status has improved. I want to specialise in Tanjore painting,\" he says. (Some names changed to protect identity).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16747678", "title": "3-year-old caned for poor handwriting", "text": "COIMBATORE: An FIR has been registered against the teacher of a nursery school near Peelamedu for beating a three-year-old girl attending pre KG section for having bad handwriting. The parents claimed that some letters were being taught at the nursery class and the teacher reprimanded the girl for not writing properly and caned her repeatedly leaving multiple spots with swelling on her hand and upper body.According to the police, P Srinithi, a pre KG student of a nursery school On Giri Ammankoil street was beaten with a cane repeatedly in the class on Tuesday afternoon. S K Prakash Rao, the girl's father claimed that his wife had gone to pick her as usual from the school on Tuesday afternoon.\"Srinithi was very quiet till she reached home today. When we tried to change her clothes, Srinithi started crying and complained of body pain. We were shocked to see the bruises and marks on her body,\" said Prakash Rao, Srinithi's parent.The girl later revealed that she was scolded in the class for not writing properly and repeatedly beaten by her teacher. She has swellings on at least three spots on her right hand and also on her upper back portion. The parents tried to approach the school authorities but could not get any response from them forcing Prakash to seek police support.\"We have received a complaint from the parents and have registered an FIR against Dhanam, one of the teachers at Infant Jesus Nursery School,\" said Arumugam, sub inspector, Peelamedu police station.Rao works as a driver with a businessman in the city. The accused teacher has been booked under section 323 of the Indian Penal Code. Peelamedu police will conduct a detailed probe into the allegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16747639", "title": "'Remove illegal encroachments'", "text": "MARGAO: The Fatorda youth association on Tuesday submitted a memorandum to the district collector, the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) chief officer and Margao police demanding that appropriate and immediate action be taken to remove alleged illegal encroachments by migrants opposite the SGPDA market and street vendors from Margao and Fatorda. The association has also urged authorities to verify the identities of these migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16746309", "title": "The bomb is ticking: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: Aman (name changed) is a 16 year old boy studying in class X like any other. But after his family shifted from the Old City to new Bhopal, there was a sea-change in his peer group coupled with stress of the Board exams. The new friends he had were involved in substance abuse and also used foul language. As a result, his parents stopped him from making friends. Depression and pent up anger made Aman attempt suicide twice. He also ran away from home once.After Aman was caught by the police in a goods train and returned home, his family members distanced themselves from him. Once a pampered child, the youngest of the siblings felt neglected and tried to jump off a building. He approached a child counsellor and is currently undergoing treatment.Instances of abuse in schools and at home have come to the limelight recently. On the occasion of World Mental Health Day, experts feel that mental health problems affect one in every five young people at any given time.Behavioral psychologist and counsellor Dr Preeti Mathur said, \"Tragically, an estimated two-thirds of young people with mental health problems are not getting any help they need. It's easy for parents to recognize when a child has a high fever. A child's mental health problem may be more difficult to identify. Cases like Aman's are ticking bombs which can explode if not checked timely.\"\"While mental health problems can't always be seen, they are often characterized by symptoms like undisciplined behavior, aggression, violent behavior, depression, anxiety, conduct, eating, and attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorders,\" she said.\"It is important that parents recognize these problems and seek help timely. Often they are in denial and this aggravates the situation,\" she said.Not just at home, environment at school too is important for children as a large chunk of their time is spent there.\"School plays a major role in a child's growth. Recent incidences are tragic. The teachers should be sensitive towards learning disabled (LD) children and also those with multiple intelligences. There should be control over emotions to avoid incidences like Shivani Tomar and Shefali Sharma taking place,\" said Dr Mathur.Shivani Tomar, a student of a local school, committed suicide recently after being slighted by a teacher during exams while another student Shefali Sharma attempted suicide after the school made her take three supplementary exams.Depression in gas-affectedTaking care of mental effects of the Bhopal gas tragedy, an innovative intervention by Indian council of Medical Research (ICMR) addresses the issue of depression in gas victims. ICMR-backed National Institute for Research in Environmental Health (NIREH) aims to prepare a clinical guide for local healthcare providers to enable them to diagnose and treat mental disorders in gas victims in a better way.\"Once completed, the clinical guide would be the first of its kind in the country with regards to mental health care of the disaster victims,\" said committee head Professor R Srinivasa Murthy.Studies reveal that 72.3% of gas victims have mental disorders. Most are women under the age of 45. Over 80% gas victims suffer from depression and anxiety neurosis of some kind, the study reveals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16745385", "title": "Endosulfan: Resurvey to begin tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: It certainly will be a race against the clock for Dakshina Kannada district administration when they embark on a resurvey of endosulfan affected victims in 92 villages in Bantwal, Belthangady, Puttur and Sullia taluks of the district.Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda on Tuesday directed officials to complete the survey within a week starting Thursday. At a special meeting held on Tuesday to decide on the modalities of the survey, Gowda told officials that the survey teams will be formed on Wednesday under the leadership of Puttur assistant commissioner. Gowda said that one survey team will be constituted per thousand people and each team will survey 250 to 300 houses.DC said that for additional information and details of earlier survey of the affected, Endosulfan Virodhi Horatha Samiti president Sridhar Gowda should be contacted. The DC said that a special medical camp will be conducted in the second or third week of November to detect cases of heart problems, epilepsy and other disease which were not visible during casual observation.Sridhar who was present at the meeting, gave details of diseases afflicting the population. He said, \"The survey format requires modification. It should also include details of deceased family members and a check on the health of children born to women given in marriage outside the spray affected areas.\"He also stressed that the survey should be scientific and should not only decide a victim as affected by endosulfan on physical symptoms or deformities. \"There are many people who are suffering from problems related to reproductive organs, stomach tumour and some medical problems which cannot be told in open. The survey should be sensitive to these aspects,'' he said.The survey will be conducted in the jurisdiction of 78 sub health centres under 23 primary health centres in the taluks of Bantwal, Puttur, Belthangady and Sullia.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar had issued directions for a resurvey after a high-powered meeting held a fortnight ago in Bangalore. Minister for health Aravind Limbavali followed it up with a visit to Kokkada, one of the villages affected by endosulfan spraying in Belthangady on Wednesday last and reiterated the government's resolve to conduct a resurvey in the villages to get an accurate fix on people who have suffered consequences of spraying of the insecticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747388", "title": "Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra's Rs344 cr loan gets converted into share capital", "text": "NAGPUR: State cabinet's decision, on Tuesday, to convert Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra's (FDCM) Rs344 crore loan into share capital has come as a huge relief to the cash-strapped corporation.FDCM is a company that is fully owned by the state government. Established in 1974, it is engaged in raising teak and bamboo plantations. The company began with a share capital of just Rs25 crore but it has created assets in the form of plantations worth Rs3,500 crores. The FDCM could have repaid its loan by selling timber from a part of its plantations, but as the rotation period for clear felling has been increased from 40 years to 80 years it got into dire straits.The loan fiasco happened 20 years ago when FDCM was asked by the government to implement the World Bank-aided Maharashtra Forestry Project (MFP). The scheme was implemented between 1992 and 2004 for infrastructure and technology development in the environment sector.Initially, FDCM had no idea that the project was being financed using a loan that had stringent repayment conditions. The corporation did not require a loan and hence, had never applied for it. However, after completion of the project, a GR was issued by the government stating that the FDCM had taken a loan to finance the project and was asked to repay it with interest and penalty interest.After initial resistance, FDCM agreed to repay the loan and paid Rs50 crore. It has also handed over its plantation assets worth Rs600 crore to government for developmental projects, national parks and sanctuaries.A proposal was sent by FDCM to the government in 2008 asking it to either adjust the loan or convert it into share capital. During this period FDCM had fully repaid loans that it had taken from National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) and other agencies to develop plantations.FDCM has established itself as one of the best agencies in raising teak plantations in India. Its profit for the last several years is much more than the total profit earned by all the state-owned corporations.Considering this fact, then finance minister Jayant Patil, forest minister Babanrao Pachpute, forest secretary J P Dange and finance secretary Subodh Kumar took a decision to convert the entire MFP loan along with interest into share capital. A GR to this effect was also issued on August 5, 2008. But the then finance secretary had raised objections and the issue was kept pending.Later, ex-managing director of FDCM, S K Sood pursued the matter afresh and convinced the forest secretary Praveen Pardeshi. Pardeshi in turn took up the matter with forest minister Patangrao Kadam and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.\"Most of the state-owned corporations that are in loss have taken huge loans but FDCM was threatened with seizure of its assets for non-repayment of loan,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16746976", "title": "Ban on tinted car glasses in Kokrajhar", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: District transport officials along with the traffic police of Kokrajhar on Monday have launched a massive drive against the use of tinted glasses in car windows or windshields following a Supreme Court order. Kokrajhar is second to Guwahati in being a part of such a directive.District transport officials and the Kokrajhar traffic police were seen carrying out the drive by removing tinted glasses from cars at several locations in the town. Apart from private cars, few government vehicles with tinted glasses were also hauled up.Kokrajhar MVI inspector D Shyam said the drive is being carried out following the directives of higher authority which came after the Supreme Court order. The Supreme Court had issued a ban on the use of sun control films and tinted glasses on May 2. The order was in response to a PIL which alleged that vehicles with tinted glasses were increasingly used for criminal activities including sexual abuse. The law enforcing authorities believe this order will help them control crime and even nab criminals as they can now easily identify people sitting inside a car.Public too has welcomed the order and feel many untoward and anti-social activities would be controlled through this. The ban is applicable to all vehicles including government and police vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "16747207", "title": "Liquor worth Rs 50cr consumed in Araria", "text": "ARARIA: It sounds unbelievable, but true. The boozers of Araria have gulped down liquor worth Rs 50 crore in five months between April-August this year. This was revealed by excise department officials.It has created history of sort in liquor consumption and also indicated that number of liquor-lovers is increasing manifold in the district. Kursakanta and Sikti blocks of the district are heading the list where liquor worth Rs 2 crore is consumed per month. The district has collected Rs. 9.56 crore within five months against the annual target of Rs 26.21 crores fixed by the state government for 2012-2013.According to official sources 52,337 litres of India-made foreign liquor, 75,857 litres of beer, 85,477 litres of country-made liquor and 3500 litres of spicy liquor have been consumed which is worth over Rs 50 crore. Dr Ananda Kumar, superintendent of excise department, Araria, told newsmen that excise revenue collection in the district from the sale of liquor was 116% till August this year. The number of boozers is steadily increasing, particularly in Forbesganj and Araria towns of the district, he added.\"If the illegal sale of the country-made liquor is taken into consideration, the district which remains at the lowest rung with regard to the development index, will leave behind many places in liquor consumption,\" a top official of the excise department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16747359", "title": "Kannada TV actor dies mysteriously", "text": "BANGALORE: Kannada film and TV serial actor Hemashri , 30, died under mysterious circumstances on Tuesday . The actor and her husband Surendra Babu, residents of Banashankari, were driving in a car to Anantapur in Andhra Pradesh when she allegedly developed complications.Surendra Babu brought Hemashri to Baptist Hospital , Hebbal, at 8pm where doctors declared her brought dead. Surendra Babu told Hebbal police, who were summoned due to the circumstances of death, that she developed complications during the journey and collapsed.The couple were said to have marital differences.Police said an autopsy will be done on Wednesday to rule out any foul play. Subject to the findings of the autopsy, an FIR will be registered.Hemashri had acted in Vishnuvardhan starrers 'Sirivanta ' and 'Varsha' , besides TV serials like 'Danda Pindagalu', 'Tulasi' and 'Daridra Lakshmiyaru'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16747550", "title": "Assistance to Goan clay idol makers", "text": "Pottery and clay idol-making is a traditional Goan cottage industry. In order to motivate traditional idol makers and ensure gainful employment to the artisans, the Goa handicrafts, rural and small scale industries development corporation (GHRSSIDC), an undertaking of the government of Goa, runs a subsidy scheme in order to encourage this ancient art form. This week we look at the procedures involved in this scheme.Nature of schemeUnder this scheme clay idols made by artisans registered with GHRSSIDC are subsidized to the extent of 100 per idol provided the idols are at least a foot high. The subsidy is given to the registered artisans after they submit their applications in the prescribed format at the GHRSSIDC office.Eligibility criteriaThis scheme is open to all traditional Goan clay idol makers/artisans who are registered with GHRSSIDCPublic must use these idols for religious purpose during Ganesh Chaturthi, Christmas or other festivals. Idols made for decorative/aesthetic purposes are not covered under the ambit of this schemeThe applicants must have their own workshop for making clay idolsThe maximum number of idols eligible for subsidy is restricted to 250 per artisan per yearThe artisans are required to submit details regarding the number of idols manufactured by him/her in the workshop along with the respective costing. They must also keep a record of the idols sold, along with customers' names and residential addressesAn undertaking stating that the information submitted by the beneficiary is correct must be submitted by the artisan. In case any information submitted is found to be false, the subsidy claim will be rejected by GHRSSIDCDocuments requiredApplication form for the scheme, available at the office of GHRSSIDC after payment of 10Original invoices indicating the number of idols soldPhotographs of manufacturing facility/workshopPhotograph of the applicantProcedure for applicationOn submission of the application and above-mentioned documents, GHRSSIDC officials assess the manufacturing capacity of the artisans concerned by visiting their manufacturing unit/workshopThis is followed by a physical count of the clay idols and an inspection of the records maintained at the facility in the presence of the artisanAn appraisal committee, comprising members of GHRSSIDC, then scrutinizes the applications for approvalPoints to rememberUnder the scheme, the upper limit of subsidy per beneficiary is fixed at 25,000The artisans who have applied for subsidy under this scheme are required to print bill books bearing triplicate copies of each bill. The original bill copy is to be submitted to GHRSSIDC and one copy each will be retained by the artisan and the buyer respectively. The bills must be serially numbered and the original bills must be submitted along with the claim form and other details at the GHRSSIDC office for claiming the subsidyThe subsidy is paid to the beneficiary in the form of a chequeAddress/Contact detailsGoa Handicrafts, Rural and Small Scale Industries Development Corporation Ltd,Crafts Complex, Neuginagar, Panaji, Goa - 403001Phone: 2228157/2225328If you need more details on the procedures mentioned above, email us at toi.goa@timesgroup.com with \"@ your fingertips\" in the subject line. You can also write to us at: At your fingertips, c/o Times of India, Vivenda de Hassan, D Bandodkar Road, Miramar, Panaji - 403001", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16745673", "title": "Raja Singh signals trouble ahead of Bakrid", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Bakrid less than 20 days away, Mangalhat corporator T Raja Singh has written letters to senior police and other government officials urging them to prevent people from slaughtering cows.According to sources, the corporator has written to DGP Dinesh Reddy and city police commissioner Anurag Sharma stating that though some volunteers have been working to stop the animals from being sacrificed, police have remained non-committal on the issue. Singh is said to have formed 'action teams' that would get active as the festival season comes closer. \"The corporator held a meeting at Sanathan Dharam Sabha auditorium in Shah Inayat Gunj last Sunday. They discussed ways to block the vehicles carrying the animals into the city for the festival,\" sources said.Expecting trouble, senior police officers have communicated to their men the ways to deal with the tricky situation. \"There were several incidents where trucks transporting animals were intercepted by activists last year. There could be such attempts this time too. We will firmly deal with anybody who tries to break the law this year,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16747014", "title": "Pyarimohan's morcha asked to chart October 28 rally route", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police asked Pyarimohan Mohapatra's Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) to finalize a route chart for its proposed rally at Lower PMG on October 28, even as the law enforcing agency is noncommittal about granting permission for a public meeting at the venue.\"We can allow OJM to hold a rally at Lower PMG, but not public meeting. It will otherwise violate Orissa high court guideline,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh told TOI soon after discussions with morcha convener Jagneswar on Tuesday. \"The morcha has not yet drawn up the route for the rally. I have asked it to let us know as quickly as possible. We would make security and traffic arrangements accordingly,\" Singh said.Jagneswar said morcha supporters will take out rallies from different places and throng Lower PMG. \"I have requested the DCP to expedite the process of granting permission for the rally and public meeting,\" he said.The OJM has already sent two applications to the commissioner of police for permission. But the police are in a dilemma whether or not to grant permission in the wake of September 6 violence during a Congress rally at the same venue.While the OJM sought permission from police to hold a rally and public meeting of around 50,000 supporters, police said Orissa high court guideline prevents them from granting permission for the public meeting with a huge turnout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16747020", "title": "Non-Dimasas fume, to set up demand for division of district", "text": "SILCHAR: The memorandum of settlement (MoS) signed in New Delhi by Dimasa rebels with the Centre and the state government to end insurgency in the trouble-torn Dima Hasao district has angered the non-Dimasa tribes living in the district, including the Nagas, Kukis, Hmars.At the same time, the Bengalis, the second largest community (approximately 32,000) in the district, continue to remain tight-lipped over the agreement.Reacting to the tripartite agreement signed on Monday to restructure the existing North Cachar Hills Autonomous Council (NCHAC) as the Dima Hasao Autonomous Territorial Council (DHATC), the Indigenous Students Forum (ISF) said they would continue to oppose the move and agitate for bifurcation of the district.ISF president L Lima Keivom said they were hopeful that the areas of the hill district dominated by non-Dimasas would remain outside the purview of the council. But the move has hurt the non-Dimasas, who are a majority in the district; Dimasas are 43 per cent of the total population, ISF claims.The ISF leader said they would soon chalk out their next course of action. The ISF demands that the Dimasa-dominated Maibang subdivision should be made a district known as Dima Hasao, and there should be another district comprising the Haflong sub-division called North Cachar Hills, he added.The non-Dimasas will also fight against the change of the district's name to Dima Hasao from NC Hills, Keivom said.Former member of NCHAC Biswajit Chakrabortee on Tuesday said he is yet to go through the text of the MoS. \"Without going through the text, I can't say anything. Although Bengalis are the second largest community in the district after the Dimasas, we have no voice in political issues,\" he said.Meanwhile, the administration at 8am on Tuesday lifted the indefinite curfew which was imposed in Haflong PS area from 1am on Monday following three serial grenade blasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747206", "title": "PGI staff grins and tells", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Living with a dreadful virus like HIV is perhaps not as painful as facing the social stigma attached to it. And when the medical staff, show insensitivity, it gets all the more painful. Such an incident came to the fore at PGI - country's premium medical institute - where an HIV positive person was asked to break her syringe following a blood test. In routine, these syringes are disposed off by medical technicians. The HIV patient lodged a complaint of discrimination with the director, PGI, on Tuesday.A city-based HIV patient had been asked for a routine blood test at the antiretroviral therapy (ART) centre in PGI on Tuesday. \"On my card there was a marking\u2014 \"infectious material\". This is for safe handling of the sample. When I lined up for the blood test along with other HIV positive persons, a staffer at the counter grinned at us and his co-worker said aloud that these HIV positive people should be asked to throw their own syringes after the blood test,\" said Parul (name changed). Then she was made to dispose it off herself.For safety of medical staff so that they don't catch the virus, there are some codes and marks on the OPD ticket which caution them to watch out against blood spill. But this does not permit them to reveal identity of the HIV positive person. Terming this as being more than discrimination, Veena Kumari of the Human Rights Law Network, Chandigarh, said, \"A third person cannot reveal the medical status of an HIV positive person until the patient himself volunteers. This is illegal.\"PGI is the only centre in the north region offering free second line ART. Another HIV positive person said, \"I had been asked to get gloves for my chest Xray. I was appalled that the medical workers who are supposed to understand that the disease is not contagious are so insensitive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16746380", "title": "Early treatment can cure depression: Doctors", "text": "INDORE: The tough and tense lifestyle is leading to depression and anxiety among the society. As the world observes Mental Health Day on Wednesday, doctors hold increased competition, broken relationships, unemployment, flaws in education system and drug addiction responsible for rising number of patients afflicted with depression and resulting into suicides.They urged for early medical treatment and society support to the depressed individual.Dr R N Sahu, secretary, state mental health authority said, \"Depression is completely curable provided timely treatment is taken. It is one of the most common diseases developing in society, which often is left unnoticed. During a decade time, suicide related to depression has increased 200% in age group of 15-25 across the world.\" If family, friends, working group support such patients and necessary medication is taken, the disease can be cured.Doctors said that not every mood swing can be termed depression. Depression is change in mood, behaviour, thinking and interest for more than two weeks. Depression occurs due to biological, psychological, genetic and environment changes. \"The most common form of depression found in patients today is related to genetic changes. Biochemical changes in brain lead to gene alterations,\" said Dr Sahu. He said that number of people developing psychiatric disorders have increased nearly one and half times than they were 10 years ago.According to doctors in city, nearly 800-1000 patients -- new and old ones -- daily visit private and government psychiatrists in the city alone. Dr Ashok Dagaria, chief medical and health officer as well as a psychiatrist said, \"1% of state's total population is suffering from one or the other mental disorder especially depression. The number of patients visiting for treatment has almost doubled in a decade time though rise is also due to rising awareness.\"In India, it is estimated that nearly nine crore population is suffering from severe depression while 33% population suffer from psychiatric disorder once in their lifetime affecting body functions, increased risk of heart diseases, diabetes, respiratory disorders, sexual dysfunction etc.Dr Manish Jain, another psychiatrist said that depression, drug addiction, obsession and schizophrenia are the four major types of patients visiting any psychiatrist. 40% of the total patients suffer from depression. \"People still see mental health problems as taboo and do not consult doctors. This worsens the problem. Children too are facing adjustment and emotional problems. Parents should take note of such abnormalities,\" said Dr Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745889", "title": "CBI at liberty to probe DA case against Mayawati: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three months after quashing an FIR accusing former UP chief minister Mayawati of amassing huge unaccounted wealth, the Supreme Court on Tuesday said it was ready to consider issuing a clarification that its judgment would not hinder the probe being taken to its logical conclusion provided the CBI obtained proper sanction in accordance with law.Entertaining a petition filed by intervener Kamlesh Verma who sought review of the July 6 judgment, a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Dipak Misra issued notices to Mayawati, the CBI and the Centre on the need for issuing a clarification.Verma's counsel and senior advocate Shanti Bhushan argued that while directing registration of FIR against then chief minister Mayawati and her cabinet minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui in 2003 in the Taj Heritage Corridor scam, the apex court had been taking note of the CBI's probe status reports both on the scam as well as her alleged disproportionate assets.When Bhushan said the court had clearly directed the CBI to take its probe into the DA case to its logical conclusion, the bench asked, \"Is it your case that the Supreme Court is protecting Mayawati? In that case, we can clarify that the CBI is at liberty to investigate the alleged disproportionate assets and prosecute her after obtaining sanction as per law from the state government.\"The court said it had scanned the entire order sheets in the Taj Heritage Corridor scam case but failed to come across a single order directing the CBI to register FIR against Mayawati in the DA case. \"Our order was limited to the writ petition which said there was no direction from the court for registration of FIR,\" it said.\"We never said in our (July 6) judgment that the CBI has no power to investigate the disproportionate assets. The CBI has the power to investigate, but it will require sanctions as per law. After surveying the orders of the court, we found no direction to investigate the disproportionate assets of Mayawati. But it does not debar the CBI from going ahead with the prosecution of Mayawati after taking proper sanction. We are ready to clarify the order,\" the bench said before issuing notice on the review petition.Interestingly, ruling Samajwadi Party secretary and advocate Ajay Aggarwal too attempted to lend support to Verma by pleading that he had filed the petition, in which the apex court had directed CBI probe into the THC scam. But the court brushed aside his plea for permission to intervene in the revision petition.The history behind CBI investigation into Taj Heritage Corridor scam is no less interesting. After the CBI decided to file a charge-sheet against Mayawati, it requested the then governor T V Rajeshwar for sanction to prosecute her. The governor declined sanction after getting an over 100-page opinion from then additional solicitor general. The CBI did not appeal against the governor's decision.On July 6, the court quashed the CBI's nine-year-old disproportionate assets case against the BSP chief . The bench of Justices Sathasivam and Misra had slammed the CBI for exceeding its brief by lodging the second FIR against Mayawati by using the SC's 2003 order against her in the alleged irregular release of Rs 17 crore for the Taj Heritage Corridor project.\"The Supreme Court did not issue any direction to the CBI to conduct a roving inquiry against the assets of the petitioner (Mayawati) commencing from 1995 to 2003,\" the bench had said. It had also said the money for the THC project was released in August-September 2002 and there was no occasion for the court to direct probe into Mayawati's assets from 1995 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16748953", "title": "Polling underway for Tehri Lok Sabha bypoll in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Amid tight security, polling began on Wednesday for the high-profile Tehri Lok Sabha seat in Uttarakhand where chief minister Vijay Bahuguna's son and Congress nominee Saket Bahuguna is taking on BJP's Mala Raj Laxmi Shah, a member of the erstwhile Tehri royal family.Enthusiastic voters, including women, turned up in substantial numbers at the polling booths spread over the three districts of Dehradun, Tehri and Uttarkashi to exercise their franchise in the bypoll necessitated after the chief minister resigned from the seat following his victory from Sitarganj assembly constituency.A total of 1185606 voters including 563845 women will decide the fate of 14 candidates in the fray for the bypoll in which Congress and BJP are locked in a straight contest.2011 polling booths have been set up out of which 334 have been identified as hyper sensitive and 311 as sensitive.Elaborate security arrangements have been made to ensure peaceful, free and fair polling, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16747061", "title": "Missing gold: Police seek two more days to quiz accused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Rs 33 lakh gold theft is yet to be solved by the Naranpura police. The investigators have so far questioned nine accused in the past four days but to no avail. Now, the police have sought remand for two more days to trace the missing gold brick.On October 3, officials of a security firm reported that a consignment of 25kg gold had gone missing from a delivery van near Shastrinagar. After two days, Ashwin Shukla, a resident of Naranpura and owner of a garage in Shastrinagar, approached police and gave 23kg gold in form of 1kg bricks. When police pressed for two more bricks, one of the garage workers returned one. Police later charged nine persons, including Shukla, for the theft on October 5.\"We suspect that one of the accused has siphoned off the brick worth Rs 33 lakh. We questioned them and also coaxed them to come out with the truth but to no avail. We have also searched the suspects' residences minutely but have not found it. We suspect that it might have changed hands,\" said a Naranpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16749652", "title": "Google planning 10-inch Nexus tablet with Samsung", "text": "LONDON: Internet search giant Google has reportedly partnered with Samsung to built a 10-inch Nexus tablet.Richard Shim, an analyst at NPD DisplaySearch said that the 10.1-inch tablet will boast a pixel density that is higher than Apple's third-generation iPad.\"They'll partner with Samsung and co-brand it with Samsung,\" CNET quoted Shim, as saying.Until now Google has partnered with Asus on the Nexus 7 tablet.According to the report, a co-branded tablet with Samsung would be a significant broadening of Google's relationship with Samsung.Google already cobrands the Galaxy Nexus Samsung smartphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16745280", "title": "Chiragh Kumar seeks to do an encore at the new venue", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is something about the BILT Open and Delhi Golf Club that excites Chiragh Kumar. The defending champion realized an improbable victory in November last season at Jaypee Greens, having come from eight strokes behind.Of course, Anirban Lahiri self-destructed with a four-over but somebody had to seize the day. And Chiragh was there.A month earlier at DGC during the Indian Open, he had shown remarkable calm leading on the first two days but he found Australian David Gleeson in ominous form. Nevertheless, a second-place finish in the Asian Tour event catapulted him onto the bigger stage.While he looks back in fondness, he knows it all starts with a clean slate on Wednesday. \"It's all in the past. This is a new tournament, and although I'm not playing like I wanted, I just have to concentrate on my own game,\" the Delhi golfer said.The 2012 Indian Open is just a week away, and although he won't experience home comforts this time around with the $1.25m event being held at the KGA in Bangalore, he is hoping for a leap of faith.\"There is the mental aspect of it all. If I can take advantage of my knowledge of the course this week, I will be prepared for the national Open. There is such a thing as momentum,\" he said.Also hoping for a shot in the arm is three-time Indian Open champ Jyoti Randhawa, who was at home attending to his sick son on practice day.The experienced golfer has not been a regular on the Asian Tour this year and he will be hoping there are no distractions as he looks for an injection of confidence at the Rs 1-crore event ahead of the biggie.Sri Lankan Mithun Perera has no such worries. Having won in Colombo in front of his home crowd, he feels that his game is getting better. \"The DGC is one of my favourite courses,\" he points out.Panasonic Open winner Digvijay Singh returns to his scene of triumph but Gaganjeet Bhullar, Anirban Lahiri, Himmat Rai, SSP Chowrasia, Shiv Kapur and Ajeetesh Sandhu are busy at the $750,000 Venetian Macau Open this week.\u2014 BILT Open (Oct 10-13) to carry total prize purse of Rs. 1 crore\u2014 Event held at Delhi Golf Club for the first time\u2014 Line-up includes Jyoti Randhawa, Chiragh Kumar (defending champ), M Perera, Digvijay Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746229", "title": "Court allows cops to conduct polygraph test on techie", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Cantonment court on Tuesday granted permission to the Wanworie police to conduct a polygraph test on software engineer Chirayu Tailor (30) of Vadgaonsheri in the case of missing software engineer Hardik Mukesh Makwana (27) of Kharadi.The court gave permission after Tailor's lawyers, Yogesh Pawar and Anil Naik, gave a written consent.Judicial magistrate first class J A Kotnis, in her order, said that the polygraph test was an important investigation tool in helping solve the missing persons case. She also cited the police report that Tailor had not co-operated with the police in their investigations for over a year.She ordered that the polygraph test be carried out at the forensic science laboratory in Mumbai.Makhwana, who was employed in a software company in Lullanagar, has been missing since June 3, 2011. On that day, around 7.30 pm, he was going home with his colleague Tailor on the latter's motorcycle.It was raining and Tailor found it difficult to ride on the slippery canal road at Jambhulkar Mala, near Empress Gardens. Makwana got off and started pushing the motorcycle. When Tailor had crossed the canal road he found that Makwana was not around. He waited for more than 15 minutes and made a call to Makwana's cellphone, but there was no response. He could not look for Makwana as it was dark and, finally, he went home. Tailor filed a missing persons complaint the next day.Assistant public prosecutor Pandit Jadhav argued for the polygraph test, saying that Tailor was concealing information about the whereabouts of Makwana. The polygraph test will help police get leads to solve the missing persons case, Jadhav told TOI, after the court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16747663", "title": "100 mining lessees get notices for encroachments", "text": "PANAJI: Directorate of mines and geology issued show cause notices to 100 mining lease holders regarding encroachments in lease areas. The encroachments were pointed out by the Shah Commission in its report on illegal mining in Goa.The notice state that in part 2 of the commission's report, a table of encroachments by various leases holders and others is provided, details of which are by way of satellite images.\"You (mining lessees) are hereby directed to give your say in the above matter latest by October, 22, 2012 so that further necessary action in this behalf can be initiated from our side,\" the notice signed by mines director Prasanna Acharya says.The order further states that lessees may note that in case details as sought for are not furnished, it shall be presumed that they have nothing to say in the matter.The Shah commission report on Goa mining had listed encroachments by 100 lessees in 2,796 hectares.Lessees with highest encroachment as listed by the Shah commissionLessees Area encroachedVM Salgaocar &amp; I limited 419 hectaresRamakanta Xetie and Brothers, Bicholim 221 hectaresMingoa Sociedade Mineira Goesa 212 hectaresChowgule &amp; Cia Limited, Marmagoa 192 hectaresGuitabala Manohar N Parulcar, Mapusa 188 hectaresThere is encroachment of 2,796 hectares in 100 leases", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747134", "title": "Girl gets former boyfriend stoned to death in Khunti", "text": "RANCHI: The Khunti police have arrested one, Renu Kumari, besides three others, for stoning to death her boyfriend Arun Kumar Mahto at Topra block of the district on October 1.The twenty-two-year-old Arun was stoned to death by Renu current boyfriend - Nelson Aind and his two friends Alexandra Horo and Dipesh Horo -- with her watching from distance. The police on Tuesday recovered Arun's decomposed body from a jungle in Torpa block.Khunti SP Amarnath Mishra said Arun's head was crushed with boulders in the jungle by the trio.Police said Renu had asked Arun to meet her at Kujri village in Torpa block on October 1. When Arun arrived at Kujri village at around noon he was confronted by Nelson, Alexandra and Dipesh. The trio forced him to go along with them to a deep jungle where he was stoned to death even as his girlfriend watched the gory incident from a distance.The SP said Arun was Neha's first boyfriend. \"The two had met at an ITI centre in Koderma a few years ago. The girl is originally from Simdega district, 50km away from Khunti. Arun even used to visit her in Simdega,\" the SP said.Though Renu loved him a lot, Arun was not very attractive. In the meantime, Nelson, who was Arun's friend , came into her life she started going around with him. \"The girl has confessed that Nelson met her just a couple of months ago,\" the SP said. After meeting Nelson, Renu started ignoring Arun and he went into depression.\"I had asked Nelson and his friends to finish Arun,\" Renu said in her confessional statement to the police. Renu had earlier promised to marry Arun after he completed the technical course, said a police officer. Nelson, Alexandra, Dipesh were also students of ITI in Koderma and hail from Khunti district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16747462", "title": "Chandrapur NCP chief held for smuggling liquor", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Police, on Tuesday, arrested NCP city chief and Chandrapur Municipal Council's former president, Deepak Jaiswal for his alleged links with illicit liquor smugglers.Jaiswal, who is a liquor dealer, was arrested from his residence in Ekori ward here and taken to Gondpipri police station.Police claimed that they had intercepted a Bolero car heading towards Ashti in Gadchiroli district, on Monday and confiscated 75 boxes of illicit liquor that was being smuggled. They also arrested seven people travelling in the vehicle. The seized liquor was worth Rs1.35 lakh, cops told.Those arrested were Kishor Kundu, Sapan Kundu, Jaideo Mandal, Vinod Neware, Sainath Dudhkare, Pankaj Yelmule and Mukesh Purankar. They were heading towards Ashti after picking up the consignment from a liquor shop in Tarsa village.Investigations revealed that the liquor shop from where the accused had procured the consignment is owned by Deepak Jaiswal. The smugglers revealed that the consignment belonged to Jaiswal and was being smuggled to Gadchiroli district on his bidding.Based on the information, Gondpipri police raided Jaiswal's place with the help of Chandrapur police and arrested him at around 7pm. Additional SP Sanjay Jadhav confirmed Jaiswal's arrest. He claimed that probe has revealed his involvement in liquor smuggling to Gadchiroli district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16746252", "title": "NGOs to spread awareness on voter registration", "text": "PUNE: Civil society organisations in the city will spread awareness and assist citizens to get their names registered in the voters' list. The Sajag Nagrik Manch, Parivartan and India Against Corruption have set a target to register one lakh new voters from the city.The state government has appealed to citizens to verify their names in the voters' list before October-end, so that an updated list can be compiled for the city.Addressing a news conference on Tuesday, the campaign's coordinator Deepak Tawari said, \"The government has designated chairpersons and secretaries of registered cooperative housing societies as booth-level volunteers and empowered them to get voters from their respective societies registered. The three organisations will appeal to such volunteers to get residents from their society registered.\"Tiwari cited the experience of residents of a housing society in Aundh as a \"lesson for us as voters\". The residents recently found that the local corporator was not willing to solve their problems because not many residents from the society had bothered to vote, he said.The organisations will work on two fronts. One group will convince voters from housing societies to register. Another group will help booth-level volunteers to get the required documents and fill in form no. 6 for voter registration. These bulk applications can be submitted to the district election officer and the names of applicants will be included after scrutiny, he said.An information kit with form no. 6 is available at http://parivartan-pune.blogspot.in and http://www.iacpune.in. The organisations have also appealed to citizens to join them as volunteers. The organisations can be contacted at iwanttovote.pune@gmail.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16747503", "title": "Krishidhoot aiming to spread its wings", "text": "NAGPUR: In an effort to take agriculture technology to farmers, the Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) has undertaken certain initiatives and is also trying to strengthen the existing ones.The university has been running the 'Krishidoot' project since 2010. With financial support from the Navajibai Tata Trust, the pace and quality of the university's extension work has improved substantially. \"It is basically an effort towards increasing the outreach of the university's technologies to the farmers at large. As the word doot suggests, these are messengers from the university taking the technology to the ground level. They can be both men and women,\" said PDKV vice-chancellor R G Dani during an official visit.The university has already trained 250 krishidoots who would go from village to village in six districts of Vidarbha - Akola, Buldana, Washim, Amravati, Yavatmal and Wardha. Later, the reach will be extended to all the 11 districts of the region. The project will continue to get the support of the Tata Trust for two more years. These doots will also be responsible for sharing information about the technologies developed by the university through 13 mobile vans recently procured. Since the vans have testing facilities for soil, water, pests etc, it will add to the extension work of the university.Dani said that university already has 1,100 new farm technologies, 132 cropping varieties and 33 All India Coordinated Projects (AICP) on different major crops. These will be taken to farmers in a phased manner. \"We would inform the farmer about what is available with us. But we will prefer that the farmer identifies what suits him most so that even the university knows farmers' priorities,\" said the VC.The university has also tied up with the Indian Meteorological Department to send text messages to farmers about weather-related information along with the directives of handling weather calamities like no rain, little rain or excessive rains.Another big project in the offing is a centre of excellence in biotechnology at Akola. The university headquarters has a biotech department. But that is not enough to keep pace with the developments in the technology. \"Besides genetically modified crops, the centre will focus on marketable technologies and disease management in horticulture crops. The actual details of the centre are being worked out still,\" said Dani.In July, PDKV signed a memorandum of understanding with Cornell University for a student and faculty exchange. It is trilateral arrangement wherein besides the two universities, the Dorabjee Tata Trust will also be a partner. The two universities have identified areas of mutual interest like dry land agriculture, rural development, alleviating poverty and biotechnology research on which the students and teachers from both universities will work together. This project will be formally launched in December 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16747352", "title": "Poor state of child rights in UP irks panel", "text": "VARANASI: The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) is not happy with the performance of Uttar Pradesh government in addressing issues related to child rights. A team of NCPCR led by chairman of core committee Yogesh Dubey is on a three-day visit to Varanasi, Sant Ravidas Nagar (Bhadohi) and Sonbhadra districts for a first hand account of efforts of local administration to protect child rights.\"We are focusing on issues like child labour, education and integrated efforts to protect child rights,\" nodal officer Rajesh Mani told TOI on Tuesday.According to him, the NCPCR team is not satisfied with the state of affairs. At a meeting of officials on Tuesday, Dubey asked district administration for proper display of Citizen's Charter for the NCPCR to spread mass awareness about child rights. To address the problem of child labour and child trafficking, it was proposed to create child-help booth at the railway station, said Mani, adding that the deputy labour commissioner was instructed to prepare a comprehensive plan to address the menace of child labour in a week.Since child rights is not an issue concerned with a particular department, there should be an integrated approach involving various departments for satisfactory output, he said. \"During visit to the Central Jail on Monday, the team members came to know that a 17-year old boy was lodged in the jail three years back. The team members met the boy, who is now 20,\" said Mani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747212", "title": "'Land dispute behind Khunti abductions'", "text": "RANCHI: Even as the three villagers abducted by the outlawed CPI(Maoist) cadres from Levand village in Khunti district late on Saturday evening remain traceless, residents of the village, including Pahans and Munda tribals, have left their village fearing of more abduction. Police said a land dispute between Munda and Pahan tribals of the village led to Saturday's abduction.The district police, which launched a massive combing operation to trace the abducted persons, have appealed to villagers to provide them with all information regarding the kidnapping. While the Maoists had abducted a total of four persons, one of them -- Akal Munda -- had managed to give his captors the slip and returned to the village a few hours after the abduction.The three villagers still traceless are Surendra Munda (22), Sikur Munda (45) and Hindu Munda (50). Police had earlier said the Maoists abducted the trio as their kin were allegedly working as \"police informers\" in the Maoist-affected Adki block.Khunti SP Amarnath Mishra said, \"CRPF personnel have combed Chikura and other hills in the surrounding areas. But they are still to come across any clue about the abducted villagers.\" Addki police station officer in-charge P D Mehra said the Maoists have created a sense of fear in the village after the abduction. \"There is not a single man in any of the five hamlets at Levand village fearing more abductions ,\" Mehra said. The women are, however, still in the village. Police said the women have not shared any information regarding the whereabouts of the men who have left the village.Police said Munda tribals lay claim to a certain plot of land at the village which is disputed by Pahan tribals. The dispute had been brewing for a long time and the Mundas had even moved court in this regard which angered the Pahans. Some of Pahan tribals of the village have links with Kundan Pahan, a senior Maoist zonal commander. It is believed that the Pahans sought the help of the Maoists to abduct the villagers, a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16747397", "title": "SAD slams changes in Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Act", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Shiromani Akali Dal has condemned the cabinet decision of Shiela Dixit government of New Delhi, amending the Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Act, 1971, increasing the life of the house from existing two years to four years and proposing direct election to the post of president, DSGMC.Terming it as an anti-democratic exercise to scuttle the elections that were to be held before December 31, 2012, as per court directive, the SAD slammed it as a direct interference by Congress in the internal religious affairs of Sikhs.SAD president Sukhbir Singh Badal said that this backdoor exercise by Congress party indicates that they were sure that Sarna brothers, moving with the tacit support of Congress party, would be wiped out from DGMSC elections. The Congress wants to keep them in illegal occupation of the gurudwara body by tweaking the law, he said.Badal said that elections to DSGMC were being postponed by Union home ministry on one plea or the other and, at last, the Delhi High Court had to intervene, which ordered the ministry to hold elections to DGMSC by December 31 positively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16747104", "title": "Cops rescue abducted builder", "text": "RANCHI: District police on Tuesday rescued a kidnapped builder and arrested eight persons from Ormanjhi locality. Mohd Julfan was abducted from his under-construction site at Sikidri by a group of 10 criminals who forced him to sit in their car and took him away towards Ormanjhi. One pistol and one rifle with bullets have been recovered from the abductors.SSP Saket Kumar Singh said the kidnappers were on the highway when they were arrested. Police started checking the highway after it received information about the kidnapping. The criminals were arrested during the checking, he said. After being released, the builder was sent to hospital.Police sources said Mohd Irfan of Aman Builders had a dispute with Julfan who heads a building construction company Hill View Construction. \"The dispute was related to some land,\" said DSP Anand Joseph Tigga. The kidnappers are being interrogated for further information.In another incident one Mithilesh Kumar, 42 was critically injured when his bike was hit by a speeding SUV at Levadi in Namkum. Kumar was going to Namkum from Kantatoli when the SUV, coming to Ranchi hit his bike. Locals rushed Kumar to RIMS where his condition is said to be critical. The SUV, however, managed to escape from the accident site. The incident occurred on Ranchi-Tata highway. The injured man hails from Nawada district of Bihar , said Namkum police station officer in charge R D Singh. An FIR has been lodged with Namkum police station in this connection, said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16746896", "title": "Authorities grope in dark as fever grips Valiyathura school", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a city where prohibitory orders have been declared due to the 'precarious' public health situation, a group of students of the Valiyathura Fisheries Residential School were found lying in their dingy hostel rooms with fever, diarrhoea and vomiting.TOI, on Tuesday, found that the children had just wooden bedsteads to sleep on and mattresses and pillows were a luxury for them. The floor was a mess filled with clothes and books strewn around. One of the children in the room had just been brought in after he vomited in the classroom. The windows were mostly broken and the rooms, thankfully, had some creaking fans. The air was stuffy with five bunk beds closely stacked together.The children didn't know much about their illness except that they were feeling weak. \"When we get sick, we are asked to go to the nearby dispensary from where we get some medicines,\" they said. The hostel houses 108 students. The day's scholars envy them for one thing. There are eighteen bathrooms in the hostel while the school has hardly any.The only common loo in the school is at the far end of the compound. \"We don't go there, it stinks,\" warned the boys. The headmistress acknowledged the issue. Every day, she manages the lavatory in her office with just one bucket of water. \"The common lavatory in the school had to be closed down due to water shortage. Now, the boys do it in the open while the teachers and girls share the office toilet,\" said headmistress Vijayakumari.It is indeed a concern, but the school authorities had other pressing issues to tackle. On Saturday, a student in the hostel was taken ill with chickenpox. On Sunday, 15 students had to be sent home because of dysentery. It did not end there. On Monday, three boys threw up in their classrooms. The boys said that one of their hostel mates has developed rashes on his feet from which puss and blood flow.The school officials affirmed that the children are being served hygienic food. \"We also have the same food from the mess. The source of these diseases is not clear. May be, the children might have got the illness from something they had from outside,\" Vijayakumari said, pointing to a mess hall that was spacious and relatively clean.She said that health officials have already been alerted about the situation. \"They will conduct an awareness campaign for the children on Wednesday,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16745827", "title": "Varsha Bhosle may have shot herself with gun Asha lost 30 years ago", "text": "MUMBAI: The mystery surrounding the pistol with which 56-year-old Varsha Bhosle shot herself in the head seemed to be lifting on Tuesday, with singer Asha Bhosle saying she had lost a gun 30 years ago and she thinks it might be the weapon her daughter used.In her statement recorded on Tuesday, a sobbing Asha said: \"I had lost my gun 30 years ago. I think it is the same gun.\"Earlier, investigators found that two licenced firearms were issued to Varsha's maternal uncle and his younger brother, Anand, but the one she used did not belong to them. No firearm was ever issued to Varsha.\"Her brother Anand has a licenced .45 pistol while Varsha's maternal uncle, Hridayanath Mangeshkar, has a.32 pistol. However, Varsha had used a Belgium-made Browning pistol, which is different from the two issued to her family members,\" said a senior police officer.The police on Tuesday recorded the statements of Asha Bhosle, Varsha's cousin Rachna Shah and her aunt Usha Mangeshkar. \"Asha kept crying all through the recording of the statement,\" said a source.A bullet had pierced Varsha's skull and excessive loss of blood was the main cause of her death, the post-mortem report said.A policeman on the case said it seemed Varsha had been watching television on Sunday night and had pushed the pause button on the remote. According to that, the suicide might have taken place somewhere between 12m and 1am.The family driver Vijay Nakashe had stumbled on Varsha's body on a blood-soaked sofa in the drawing room of Asha's first-floor Prabhu Kunj apartment on Monday morning. He had entered through the adjoining flat of singer Lata Mangeshkar when knocks on Asha's flat went unanswered.Mumbai: Mystery surrounds with police investigation focusing on the Belgium made 0.6 mm pistol that singer Asha Bhosale's daughter, Varsha, used to kill herself on Sunday midnight. Investigators found that two licenses for firearms were issued to Varsha's maternal uncle and his younger brother, Anand, but the one she used to kill herself did not belong to them. Police are now keen to find out who owned the third weapon and how did Varsha get it.Varsha (56), was found lying dead, at her first floor residence, Prabhu Kunj, at Peddar Road on Monday morning. She was cremated early on Tuesday. \"Her brother Anand has a licensed .45 pistol while Varsha's maternal uncle, Hriidaynath Mangeshkar has another licensed weapon .32 pisotl. However, Varsha had used a Belgium made browning pistol which is different from the two issued for her family members. Now, our focus is to find out whose weapon is this and how it reached to Varsha?\" said a senior police officer.A bullet had pierced in Varsha's skull and excessive loss of blood was the main cause of her death, the post mortem report said. \"We have recorded the statement of Asha Bhosale and are still trying to connect the incident and what might have led Varsha to take this extreme step,\" said the officer. Anand and his elder brother, Hemant, could not attend the cremation. \"The entire family is in a state of shcok. Its difficult for us to complete our statement since they break down and our officers have to wait until they recover,\" the officer added. No firearm license was issued in Varsha's name. Police said there were no CCTV cameras in the flat that could help police as to what had happened on that night when Varsha killed herself. \"Probably she was watching some programme on TV and had pushed the pause button. As per it, the incident might have taken place somewhere between 12 am and 1 am. It was their family driver, Vijay Nakashe, who informed the police about the suicide.Once the ownership of the weapon is established, the police will charge the licensee under the Arms Act for not keeping the firearm with him/her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-10"}
