{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011191", "title": "2 two-wheelers gutted under mysterious conditions", "text": "NAGPUR: The mysterious midnight fire returned to haunt citizens after a government contractor's bike and another scooter were gutted at an apartment's parking lot in Seminary Hills in the wee hours of Monday. The source behind the fire is unknown. For Anil Kumar Singh, this is consecutive instance when his vehicle has been damaged after his car's windows were left smashed around a month ago.In earlier incident in September, eight bikes were set on fire at the basement of an apartment in Trimurti Nagar. Till date, it is not clear who was behind the fire then.On Monday, residents of Govind Gourkhede complex were left perplexed after spotting a couple of two-wheelers engulfed in flames in the basement parking lot. Singh was alerted by his neighbours. A scooter parked towards the left of Singh's bike was also damaged in the incident.A visibly shocked Singh told TOI that the locality had also witnessed rampant fuel thefts earlier this year. \"However, a fire breaking out in the apartment is a bizarre incident since nobody had spotted any suspicious person in the locality,\" said Singh.Singh said there is no security guard for the premises which only has a boundary wall of medium height for protection. \"I do not recall having any enmity,\" said Singh adding that there was no electricity switch or board in the vicinity, thus ruling out fire due to short-circuit.Gittikhadan police have registered an offence against unidentified persons in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012205", "title": "Rs 4,439cr spent to clean Yamuna in 18 years, SC told", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rs 4,439 crore has literally gone down the drain called the Yamuna. Delhi and Uttar Pradesh have told the Supreme Court that they have spent Rs 4,124 crore on making the river's water potable, but the Central Pollution Control Board's latest report shows that Yamuna's water still resembles that of a drain.The New Delhi Municipal Committee and the Municipal Corporation of Delhi have spent an additional Rs 315 crore on cleaning the Yamuna.Anguished by the unfruitful attempts by the governments of Delhi, UP and Haryana in reducing pollution in Yamuna, the Supreme Court, which has been monitoring the 'cleaning up' of the river for the past 18 years, had on October 11 directed the three governments to specify the exact amount spent on the river.The UP government said, \"So far, the state has implemented 28 projects costing about Rs 2052.40 crore since year 1994 in various cities and localities along the river Yamuna (between Hathnikund in Haryana and Agra), so that the pollution caused by release of various kinds of effluents in river Yamuna may be prevented.\"In another affidavit, Delhi Jal Board said, \"The total expenditure incurred by DJB towards controlling and preventing the pollution of river Yamuna is approximately Rs 2,072 crore so far.\" NDMC said it had spent Rs 140 crore while MCD pegged its expenses at Rs 175 crore towards cleaning the Yamuna.Together, the two states and the two civic bodies spent Rs 4,439 crore in the last 18 years to implement the apex court's directions to make the river water potable. Amicus curiae and senior advocate Ranjit Kumar had told the court that the three states had done little to implement the court orders and the river continued to be as dirty as it was.On October 11, the court tried to sensitize top bureaucrats in the three states about the urgency of a joint effort to save the Yamuna and said test results of river water conducted by CPCB showed that the water hardly had any dissolved oxygen which was vital for survival of marine life.CPCB counsel Vijay Panjwani had said, \"Cumulative assessment of all parameters of water quality indicates that river Yamuna is not conforming to the desired levels from Hathnikund to Agra downstream due to higher concentration of one or the other pollutants despite excessive monsoon flow in the river.\"The bench had asked the Union urban development secretary and chief secretaries of the three states to file personal affidavits detailing the amounts spent so far under Phase I &amp; II of Yamuna Action Plan (YAP) and explain why the river water was dirtier than before.It had also asked the counsel for the states to suggest names of eminent persons and experts for constitution of a high level committee to formulate a comprehensive plan to control pollution and improve the water quality of the river.Though CPCB gave an adverse report, the UP government said, \"There are numerous drains falling into river Yamuna between Hathnikund to the monitoring station at Taj Mahal (Agra) in Uttar Pradesh. Most of the drains carrying domestic, industrial or any other waste into the river Yamuna have been trapped and the said effluent and sewage is being treated/proposed to be treated at the 33 sewage treatment plants (STPs) and one common effluent treatment plant.\" But only 20 STPs were functional as of now, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012847", "title": "Was baby boy abandoned at CST stolen?", "text": "MUMBAI: CCTV footage from CST has shown cops that the woman who abandoned a three-month-old boy at the station on Saturday is well-dressed and is likely to be hailing from a middle-class family. Cops suspect the baby may have been stolen.The government railway police (GRP) have circulated the baby's photographs to police stations in the city and on the fringes in an attempt to identify the child. They are also going through complaints filed in the past few weeks in connection with missing children.Around 8.30pm on Saturday, a woman between 30-35 years of age, dressed in a green salwar kameez, handed over the baby to a passenger for safekeeping, telling him she needed to make a call from a phone booth nearby.When the woman did not return, the passenger, Manoj Vishwakarma, left the baby with the CST GRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016746", "title": "Sex is like sport in Australia: Robbie Williams", "text": "Robbie Williams, who believes that sex is like a sport in Australia, has said that the country is blessed with some \"cracking players\".However, the English pop singer claims he is \"loved up\" with his wife after the recent arrival of their first child.The 38-year-old, who is renowned for his cheeky humour and risque on-stage behaviour, says trips to Australia allow him to push the boundaries.\"I love coming to Australia because it's encouraged, I'm given more rope in Australia,\" News.com.au quoted him as telling Seven Network on Sunday.\"Sex is like a sport in Australia ... and what a cracking set of players you have over there,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016181", "title": "Acting would never be my bread and butter: Anjali Patil", "text": "Her role and performance as the unstoppable Naxalite in Prakash Jha's Chakravyuh has won her rave reviews across the board. Anjali Patil is being compared with her namesake Smita Patil and with Seema Biswas in Bandit Queen. Filmmakers show a keen interest in signing Anjali.Prakash Jha has already zeroed in on Anjali as the actress to watch out for. Jha has signed her for a 3-film deal. She will feature prominently in Jha's next Satyagrah. All the praise,recognition and job offers seem to leave the 23-year old girl from Nasik completely untouched.Says Anjali, \"I never aspired to be a movie actress. Being from the National School Of Drama (NSD) acting was and is my passion. I also used to design sets for the stage. So I've been associated with theatre from the time I became an actor. There was no yearning to be in films. But now that Chakravyuh has opened a new window in my life I'd be foolish to shut it . I welcome the attention. Though I never craved for it, nor did I ask for it.\"Luckily for Anjali, her co-star in Chakravyuh was Abhay Deol who belongs to her school of thought. \"I wouldn't say we're method actors,though considering how seriously we take the business of acting,people seem to think we are. But like me he follows a process to arrive at his characterization. I enjoyed working with Abhay. Like me, he is always looking for logic and asking the director a hazaar questions. He also helped me with my scenes since I am relatively new to the movie camera.\"Prior to Chakravyuh, Anjali did a a small Indie film, Prashant Nair's Delhi In A Day and an Indo-Sri Lankan co-production With You Without You based on a Dostoevsky short-story The Meek One.\"In both I was noticed, though not by enough people I guess,\" says Anjali without any pretense of modesty. \"After Chakravyuh I am open to all sorts of movies. I don't want to be typecast playing rebellious outcastes. There is a danger in mainstream Hindi cinema of actors repeating themselves endlessly if they're liked in a role. I am not open to doing variations on Chakravyuh .\"Anjali is open to glamorous parts. \"It's presumed by the film industry that there are a certain kind of actors who don't approve of glamorous roles. I don't mind being glamorous. I don't think it's easy putting on loads of makeup and running around trees. Yeah, I'd like to give it a try.\"Playing the Naxalite in Chakravyuh was not difficult for Anjali since, by her own admission, she had \"leftist leanings\". \"Though I've gotten over that phase in my life I can never be a Capitalist. Acting would never be my bread and butter. I can't see myself as a Bollywood movie star living in a duplex with a fleet of cars parked in the basement. I will always be a misfit, though I wouldn't like to play misfits all the time.\"Anjali says she \"hated\" Mumbai earlier but has now accepted the city as her home. \"Back home in Nasik I was used to a quiet peaceful life. Mumbai with its traffic, noise and ambitions, overwhelmed me. I wanted to run away from the city. Now I am no more intimidated by the city. I love the city and the city loves me back. I live in a cosy rented place here surrounded by books. I'm happy with my existence. I don't need anything else. I am looking at offers for films. But if I don't like them I don't mind waiting.\"However there is one area where Anjali would like to put her money. \"I've seen a lot of writers and actors suffer for the lack of funds. I want to do something to help them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17015337", "title": "Railways' staff asked to check corruption", "text": "PATNA: The East Central Railway (ECR) AGM Ajay Shukla on Monday inaugurated vigilance awareness week at its headquarters in Hajipur. The ECR is observing it from October 29 to November 3.Speaking on the occasion, ECR AGM Shukla said the railways is a vast organization which has to work in the larger interest of people. This can be possible if its employees are fully aware of their duties, he said.ECR GM B P Khare, who was not present on the occasion, sent his message which was read out at the function. Khare said, \"Transparency should be maintained in every department of railways to motivate the employees to work with full sincerity\".ECR chief vigilance officer B P Gupta made a power point presentation on the railway vigilance department.He stressed on the need of creating awareness among railway employees to work with honesty.Later, a seminar was held at the ECR headquarters which was attended by senior railway officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012906", "title": "Culling is the best option, say vets", "text": "BANGALORE: The only way to curb the spread of bird flu is by culling the birds within 1 km radius of the affected area, say veterinarians. The state government has its job cut out as the High Security Animal Disease Laboratory in Bhopal on Monday confirmed that several chicken and ducks at the Central Poultry Development Organization and Training Center ( CPDO) in Hesaraghatta died of H5N1 (avian influenza or bird flu) last week.\"Earlier, the rule was to cull all the birds of affected species within 5 km of the vicinity, but now it is only mandatory to cull birds within 1 km of the affected area,\" said a senior veterinary doctor with a government hospital. \"Bird flu generally affects within 10 km of the epicentre of the virus and so it is necessary to sanitize that area,\" he added.Another veterinarian with a government hospital said: \"Bangalore has nothing much to worry about bird flu scare at this stage. It is not likely to spread fast in the city if timely action is taken. But it is always advisable to watch for symptoms of flu and take precautions like wearing a mask if you are visiting a poultry shop or farm or breeding poultry birds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012865", "title": "Baby survives fall from third floor", "text": "CHENNAI: An eight-month- old girl survived a fall from the third floor of Express Avenue after she slipped off her father's arm, leaving onlookers spellbound on Sunday evening. The baby suffered no serious injuries, but for minor bruises on her cheek.On Monday, Susai Mary, dressed in a peach dress, held on to her mother as doctors at the neurological ward of the Government General Hospital ran routine checks. Doctors said she did not have any apparent problem, but they had kept her for observation for two days. \"When we first sent her for a scan, we were not sure of the results. But the CT scan results were normal. So were the x-ray and blood reports. The baby is a little irritable, but is otherwise fine,\" said Government General Hospital dean Dr V Kanagasabai.Genelia, called Geni by her parents, had gone on an outing with her parents Charles S, a 33-year-old painter, and Sakhila, a homemaker. Geni is the couple's second daughter. \"We had some guests at home and the children were restless at home. So we thought we would take them to the mall. It was so crowded. I had Geni in my arms and I was going from the second floor to the third floor on the escalator. Geni was visibly excited with the lights around and she was bouncing. Suddenly she fell off from my hands and landed on the ground,\" said Charles, his voice still shivering. Their screams attracted the attention of people on the ground floor. \"By the time we could go down, the security staff in the mall picked up the child and gave it to us,\" he said.Geni kept crying. The mall staff called for an ambulance and she was rushed to the Institute of Child Health, Egmore around 7.30pm. In the emergency room, doctors ran preliminary tests and said the child was out of danger. \"But as a precaution, we sent her to the GH for a CT scan,\" said a duty doctor.Pediatricians on duty said the baby had had a \"miraculous escape.\" Records from several hospitals in city show at least 80% of the children admitted to trauma wards are those who had fallen from heights. While some children die, many suffer injuries that may stun their grown or make them disabled for life. \"Children in the age group of six months to five years are at a higher risk and are likely to suffer head injuries than older children. In this age group, they are curious. They bend down the parapet walls to see what's happening on the ground. If they fall, it can be disastrous,\" said Dr Indira Jayakumar of Apollo Children's Hospital.Experts recommend that parapets should be at least four feet high to prevent such accidents. Express Avenue ground supervisor Raju denied knowledge of any such accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013544", "title": "Students' Federation of India flays govt decision to close Kannada schools", "text": "MANGALORE: The Students' Federation of India (SFI) has opposed the state government's move to close 12,740 government schools here on Monday. SFI also warned that it will launch a statewide agitation next month if the government does not withdraw its decision. SFI state joint secretary Jeevan Raj Kuthar told reporters here on Monday that the commission on Structural Upgradation and Reorganisation of School Education headed by Prof R Govinda in its 42 page report had recommended the closure of schools, which has less than 30 students.According to the statistics given by Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, of the 12,740 schools, 179 schools are in Dakshina Kannada.He pointed out that if these schools are closed, as many as 700 teachers and 300 workers attached to Akshara Dasoha Scheme will lose their jobs. \"Recommendations of the commission are available on a state government's website and according to it 15 schools in the district have less than 10 students. The report of the commission has also recommended not to recruit teachers. The report is unscientific and has not been framed in view of the welfare of the society and poor students,\" he added.\"Private schools have mushroomed in the district and are charging huge amount as fee. Poor students cannot afford to go there,\" he added.It is because of the poor quality of education in government schools students are joining private schools, said Kuthar, adding that instead of donating money to mutts, the government should give money for the development of schools. He also requested the government to introduce English as a language from first standard in schools instead of starting more English medium schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012905", "title": "Tea shop owner brands employee, held", "text": "CHENNAI: A tea shop owner in Adambakkam was arrested on Monday for branding his employee, a native of Bihar, with a hot iron rod for allegedly coming late to work.On Sunday, police said, Hari, the tea shop owner, chided his 18-year-old employee Sanjay for not turning up at the shop on time. He later took a hot iron rod and branded him on his hands and feet. Sanjay came out of the shop screaming. Some passersby took him to a hospital while others beat up Hari and handed him over to police.On Monday, several migrant worker groups in the city condemned the incident and said they would resort to agitations and picket shops whose employers resorted to beating up young migrant boys.Sister Valarmathi of the Migrant Forum and National Domestic Workers Movement said, \"This is a violation of human rights and has to end. We urge residents to inform us or the police of such cases as these boys don't come forward to complain fearing they would lose their jobs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17013014", "title": "Home minister seeks report from police commissioner", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra home minister R R Patil has sought a report on MRA Marg police's alleged high-handed behaviour with the guests of a south Mumbai lounge bar.Patil has instructed Mumbai police commissioner Satyapal Singh to probe the Saturday morning episode, though he has not set a deadline for the report. Asked if he would take action against errant cops, he replied, \"Let the fact-finding report come. Further action will depend on its outcome.\"Rounded up from LIV lounge bar around 2am on Saturday, the patrons, including women, had complained that they were herded into police vans without first being explained the reason. Accusations were also made that administrative procedures for detaining women were not followed.Defending police action, Patil said: \"Though the club management is responsible for operating till late night (beyond curfew hour), the patrons too should know the deadline and rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17011552", "title": "Let state take over all mines: Mining labour union to SC", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Mining Labour Welfare Union (GMLWU) filed an intervention application before the Supreme Court seeking that the state government be directed to take over and operate all mining leases in Goa. The application also demands that mining firms provide full wages to all mine workers in various mines in Goa.The application of the GMLWU states that around 20,000 regular workers are employed in the different mines in Goa besides other contract, daily wage and temporary workers.It adds that a large number of people are also employed as truck drivers and cleaners, barge workers and port workers in mining-related activities.Christopher Fonseca, general secretary of the GMLWU, said the union members met the CEC on Monday and informed them that there are around 63,000 people employed in the mining industry. There are 3 lakh other people directly or indirectly dependent on mining-related activities in other parts of Goa, he said.Suhaas Naik, a member of the union said the state was free to take legal recourse against all those who are found to be guilty in the mining scam. He said the signature campaign by the union in favour of the application had so far managed to gather 30,000 signatures.Naik said the companies that were involved in mining in the state should pay full wages to the mine workers who have been left unemployed following the halt in mining activities.The GMLWU has also urged the Supreme Court that mines and minerals form part of the nation's wealth and constitute material resources of the community and thus cannot belong to any private individual. The benefits of mines and minerals should go to the state and its people so that they are utilized for the common good and community at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17013726", "title": "TMC may induct Cong defectors in cabinet", "text": "MALDA: If it was about the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Sunday, there would be another at the Raj Bhawan, possibly by Friday itself.In a tit-for-tat move, the Trinamool Congress is likely to induct at least three ministers, including Deepa Das Munshi's ally-turned-foe Amol Acharya from Itahar and Englishbazar's Congress defector Krishnendu Narayan Chowdhury. Joining them will be Burdwan's Swapan Debnath - a two-time Trinamool MLA. It isn't clear whether chief minister Mamata Banerjee will fill up all six vacancies in her cabinet at one go or do it in phases.Krishnendu, however, would need to resign first, both from the party and as an MLA. Having done that, he can be made a minister but he has to get himself elected within six months, or else he is likely to fall under the anti-defection law. Formerly with the Congress, Krishnendu quit in 2001 to join the Trinamool Congress, switched flanks ahead of the 2006 Assembly polls and re-joined the Congress. Chowdhury could not hide his feelings: \"Yes, I'm going to join TMC and would love to work under Didi's leadership.\" Regarding the portfolio he was reticent: \"It is the chief minister's prerogative.\"However, on the reason for his leaving the Congress he was vocal: \"It is impossible to work under such a district leadership. People in Malda will get no service from the new minister either.\" Regarding the new minister's portfolio, Krishnendu was critical: \"Let a single ICU be set up at his behest at the Malda Medical College!\"By zeroing on Krishnendu, the Trinamool Congress has made it clear that it will try to split the Congress in its North Bengal bastions. Krishnendu is also the chairman of Congress-run English Bazaar Municipality. The Trinamool believes, not only can it bring the municipality under its wings but the move will also give the party a leg up in Malda.It is due to this reason that Itahar MLA Amol Acharya is likely to be inducted in the state cabinet. Acharya, a one-time close ally of Deepa Das Munshi, had switched his allegiance before the 2009 Assembly polls. The Trinamool has been pitting him against Deepa on a number of occasions. Acharya had attacked Deepa on every issue - be it the venue of the proposed AIIMS in North Bengal or Deepa's unwavering criticism of the state government. Acharya wouldn't comment.Swapan Debnath, however, is an exception in this tit-for-tat scheme of cabinet inclusion in Bengal. This two-time Trinamool MLA represents the rice-bowl district of Burdwan and was a frontrunner, even earlier. His inclusion is believed to be an effort by Mamata Banerjee to bring in more senior party members into the cabinet. Other south Bengal districts are also likely to get more representation. Jyotirmoy Kar, an MLA from Midnapore, is also a likely candidate for representation. Mamata's expansion may see the inclusion of many more minority candidates.No senior Trinamool Congress leader was willing to speak about the details, saying it was the prerogative of the chief minister to decide on her ministers, however, they indicated more defections are likely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17014010", "title": "Calls going unheard, consumers can now claim compensation", "text": "RANCHI: There is hardly a consumer who is not irked with the unfriendly response of call centre employees but that day is not far when electricity consumers will be able to claim compensation at the rate of Rs 10 per minute in case their complaint call is not attended within three minutes. Further, if the call centre after its first response to the consumer, fails to register the complaint within five minutes, the consumer will have to be paid at the rate of Rs 10 per minute of delay.These are some of the penal provisions suggested by Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission (JSERC) for the distribution licensee to improve the standards of performance. The commission has uploaded a consultation paper for distribution standards of performance regulations-2012 on its official website for the stakeholders, which includes consumers as well as existing and potential distribution licensees.Framed with an objective to improve quality of power supply, the standards of performance for distribution licensee is in addition to the standards of performance already notified by the commission. JSERC has invited suggestions, comments and objections from the stake holders till November 5, 2012 following which final standards of performance for the distributors would be issued through gazette notification.Officials at the commission said that the consumers should not be on receiving end and have every right to claim quality power supply when they pay the electricity charges as demanded by the power supply companies. Once the SOP becomes mandatory, consumers can not only claim compensation for grievances not being heard but also for power outages, voltage fluctuations, repair of transformer and other power related issues.\"We have been receiving complaints of transformers not being repaired or replaced on time by the Jharkhand State Electricity Board but once the SOP becomes effective the class -I city consumers can claim compensation at the rate of Rs 25 per consumer for transformer failure (each time reported) if that is not repaired or made functional within 24 hours of registration of the complain,\" said an official of the commission. The commission has also fixed the maximum limit for power outages at 12 hours failing which the distribution licensee is bound to pay at the rate of Rs 25 to each consumer affected by the power outage. While some of the compensation liabilities have been made effective since November 1, 2012 a final notification in this regard is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17014725", "title": "Hands-free action shots", "text": "Remember the horror thriller Cloverfield released in 2008? The movie was interesting because it was presented in the form of footage from a handycam used by a group of people while a monster from the netherworld was demolishing New York. If it was made today, the writer and director might have chosen a GoPro camera.We live in a pretty narcissistic age and we use our camera phone to capture moments around us all the time. But Go-Pro makes this task simpler. We don't have to hold these cameras at all. We can mount them anywhere , and they will keep taking any picture or video we want continuously. Daredevil jumper Felix Baumgartner used this camera recently to capture the entire sequence of him skydiving from 34 km above the Earth.The camera costs $200 to $400, depending on the model. All of them can shoot videos in HD. The camera has Wi-Fi support and a remote that allows you to take incredible shots in the most weird and hostile conditions.The camera has generated its own cult of users and enthusiasts . Even as other camera makers have struggled to compete with smartphones, GoPro has sold over 3 million cameras over the last three years and market research firm IDC says that it is the most popular camera in the United States.Its popularity is also helped by the fact that it offers a number of mounts, straps and holders to clip the camera on to the most unusual of places and get perfect pictures from \"another perspective\" , hands-free . You can clip the camera on to your head, surfboard, bicycle, your cat, even a jet. There are casings to take the camera for underwater dives and some of the videos on this are surreal.There are YouTube channels dedicated to such videos and pictures. Their fans range from adrenaline junkies who jump off buildings to geeky engineers who mount their cameras on hot air balloons to take pictures of the Earth from as high as 18,000 feet (the camera survives the descent, they are that sturdy).A Swedish startup called Memoto has developed the world's smallest wearable camera. It takes pictures every 30 seconds. The device has a built in accelerometer and GPS and the camera can orient itself when the picture is taken. It also tags your location and organizes them for you. The device measures 36 mm sides and 9 mm thick.There is an Android app, ThrowMeApp, that allows you to take aerial shots when you toss your smartphone in the air. It activates the camera's shutter when your device is at the peak of its climb and the lens is facing downward. The app uses the phone's accelerometer to sense how fast it's falling and calculates an average fall speed based on earlier tosses. Just hope your handeye coordination is good.High-profile recent usesSkydiver Felix Baumgartner had it strapped to his chest when he did the record breaking jump from 34 km from earth this month Chilean govt used them to rescue 33 miners who were trapped 2,300 feet below earth's surface in 2010 One of the best shark photographers , Andy Casagrande, mounted one on the back of a shark and another in a seal to film inside of a shark's mouthWhy it's trendingYou can take shots from amazing anglesYou can see literally from another point of viewFavourite of adventure enthusiasts, skiers, motocross riders", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012984", "title": "Chennai weather: Strong winds, rain may last for 2 days", "text": "CHENNAI: The strong winds over the last couple of days are likely to continue for another two days and there is a possibility of some rain, the met office has said. A depression in the Bay of Bengal, which lay centered around 550km southeast of Chennai around 8.30am on Monday, is likely to move in a northwesterly direction in the coming days.A well-marked low pressure area over southeast and adjoining southwest Bay of Bengal concentrated into the depression. Continuing its westward movement, the system is expected to intensify into a cyclonic storm and is likely to cross the north Tamil Nadu-south Andhra Pradesh coasts between Nagapattinam and Nellore by Wednesday evening or night.\"The effect of depression is yet to reach Chennai and the India Meteorological Department is monitoring its movement. It is due to its impact that there have been strong winds in Chennai over the past couple of days. Some of the state's coastal districts have been experiencing heavy rain with Taragambadi in Nagapattinam district recording highest rainfall of 13cm during the period ending 8.30am on Monday,\" said IMD deputy director-general Y E A Raj.The weatherman has forecast strong winds from the northeasterly direction at speeds occasionally reaching 45-55km along the Tamil Nadu and Puducherry coasts. The seas will be rough and fishermen at sea are advised to return immediately.In Chennai, the sky would be generally cloudy. Light to moderate rain may occur in some areas. Surface winds will be strong and gusty at times.The forecast for districts includes heavy to very heavy rain in Karaikal and Nagapattinam and other coastal districts barring Chennai are expected to get moderate to heavy rain.The forecast warns of strong winds from the northeasterly direction along the TN and Puducherry coasts. Fishermen are advised to return immediately", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012955", "title": "Company tax gets 30 times costlier in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Doing business in the city just got costlier. Corporation of Chennai on Monday hiked company tax by 30 times.Company tax levied by the corporation based on an establishment's paid up capital (for companies headquartered in the city) or profit (firms with branches here) was last revised in 1993. Officials said the rate was outdated and too low.Private limited companies with a paid-up capital of 50 lakh and more registered with the Registrar of Companies and headquartered in Chennai will have to pay the civic body 30,000 every six months, or 60,000 every year. This is a massive hike from the 1,000 that commercial establishments were paying every six months since 1993.The civic body has so far identified 34,260 companies that will have to pay the tax.\"Earlier there was no tax slab for firms with paid-up capital of 50 lakh and more. There was a blanket slab for all companies with a capital of 10 lakh and more, so even multinational companies paid only 2,000 a year for a civic body licence,\" a corporation revenue officer said.\"Because of the low revenues from taxes, many initiatives and welfare projects faced a fund crunch,\" a corporation official said. Civic body officials said the value of the rupee had fallen by around 300% since the early '90s, when the tax was last revised and companies' revenues had increased exponentially in the period.Corporation officials argued the new rates were fair and only large, profitable companies will feel the pinch. The 1993 tax slabs were for paid-up capital of 1 lakh, 2 lakh and so on, till 10 lakh and more. Firms had to pay anywhere between 100 and 1,000 as company tax.\"Under the new slabs, any company with paid-up capital of less than 1,00,000 will have to pay 1,000 every six months,\" said the official.Companies not based or headquartered in the city, but have only a branch or outlet will be taxed based on income. These companies will also pay a higher rate. \"Earlier there was a blanket slab for companies earning 20,000 and more. They had to pay 1,000. A company not headquartered in Chennai will now have to pay 2,000 for an income of 20 lakh and 500 for every extra lakh in profits. ,\" the official said. \"Any company will feel the pinch of paying 60,000. The magnitude of the hike is too large,\" said Rafeeque Ahamed, chairman of Tamil Nadu State Council, FICCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17012877", "title": "Govt awaits CCIM nod for admission in 5 ayurvedic colleges", "text": "PATNA: The admission process in the five government ayurvedic colleges in the state is still hanging fire in the absence of any communication in this regard from the Central Council of Indian Medicine (CCIM) which had stopped admission to these colleges in 2011. The delay on the CCIM part is despite the recent Patna high court order clearing the decks for admission.\"Although a month has passed since the HC order allowing admission to the ayurvedic colleges of the state, the CCIM is yet to be communicated to us,\" health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said on Monday.Choubey said it was very unfortunate that the CCIM had stopped fresh admissions to these colleges and now when the court had given its ruling they had been dilly-dallying over the issue.\"I will take up the issue with the Union health minister during the health ministers' conference at New Delhi on November 1-2,\" Choubey said.Bihar has five ayurvedic colleges at Patna, Bhagalpur, Begusarai, Buxar and Darbhanga. While four colleges run undergraduate (UG) courses only, the Patna college offered postgraduate (PG) course also. There are 200 seats in UG courses and 10 in PG course.The CCIM had, in 2011, stopped admissions to all these five colleges for not meeting the prescribed norms and lacking infrastructure and adequate number of teaching staff.Choubey said the Government Ayurvedic College, Patna, established in 1926, is one of the oldest ayurvedic colleges in the country.Meanwhile, president, Bihar Ayush Medical Association, Dr Madhurendu Pandey alleged that the CCIM has become a den of corruption and attributed its action of stopping admissions in state's ayurvedic colleges to a nexus between the CCIM and owners of private colleges. Incidentally, two private ayurvedic colleges at Siwan and Muzaffarpur are running their courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "17013836", "title": "Toxins found in hand pump water in Punjab village", "text": "PHAGWARA: Arsenic, a carcinogen, has been detected in water released from hand pumps in the Basant Nagar area of Phagwara. Besides, underground water here is coloured, has a distinctive odour and turbidity and is hard. The iron content is also far beyond permissible limits. The State Public Health Laboratory, Chandigarh confirmed the presence of arsenic in water.Earlier, former minister Joginder Singh Mann raised the issue of contaminated water with the local SDM who constituted a committee comprising various departments. Samples were taken and water in one of the hand pumps was even found to be containing Fluoride besides other pollutants.Water contamination is being attributed to faulty waste disposal by a local factory. However, the committee has not been able to ascertain the factory's mode of waste disposal yet. In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, the SDM mentioned the presence of pollutants in water and recommended an investigation by the Punjab Pollution Control Board.Meanwhile, the health department has prohibited consumption of water from hand pumps in the area. Fresh water tankers are to be provided instead. The SDM pointed out that the Punjab Pollution Control Board did not take any bank guarantee from the factory. Asking the board to zero in on the factory's means of waste disposal, the SDM drew attention to a dirty pond in the area. He said water in the area should be connected to the sewerage system and dirty water should not be drained into the pond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17013502", "title": "Karnataka University, Dharwad likely to re-conduct PhD entrance test", "text": "HUBLI: The Karnataka University, Dharwad (KUD) is likely to reconduct the entrance examination for PhD admission, in the wake of complaints from many students who appeared for the test last month. The students had complained that some questions and key answers in part-I and part-2 papers of Social Science streams were wrong.The candidates brought the issue to the notice of the vice-chancellor of the university and put pressure on the authorities to re-conduct the exams. Following this, the KUD has set up a committee of experts to look into the issue, sources said. Many students have failed in the exam and they have been blaming the wrong questions and answers for it.PhD aspirant Santosh Patil said: \"I found some wrong key answers and questions in the test. The university should take the issue seriously. The varsity should re-conduct exam for only for those who have failed while students who passed should not be forced to attend the test again.\"Speaking to TOI, KR Durgadas, registrar (evaluation), Karnatak University, Dharwad, admitted that there were some wrong key answers in the paper set by experts. Notices have been served to all the departments to hold meeting with PhD aspirants to know their grievances. \"After getting feedback from all departments, we may decide to reconduct the test,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17014342", "title": "Keshubhai's GPP demands ban on opinion polls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Parivartan Party has demanded that the Election Commission ban opinion polls as they can influence the voters in the state.GPP vice-president Gordhan Zadaphia told reporters that the opinion polls \u00e2\u20ac\u201d some of them having sample size of 500 voters \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were aimed at influencing voting pattern. \"Such opinion polls can influence the voters and hence should be banned,\" he said.Zadaphia said the party decided to contest all the 182 constituencies in the forthcoming assembly elections. \"Tickets will be given keeping in view the acceptance of the candidates in the constituency,\" said Zadaphia. \"The parliamentary board of the GPP will meet after October 31 and finalize the names after reviewing the situation ,\" he added.\"Many party workers, who were tired of the BJP and the Congress, are now joining the GPP, which will get its symbol from the EC by next Tuesday,\" said Zadaphia.He said the month-long Parivartan Yatra of the party, which began from Saurashtra, will end in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17013671", "title": "Mob vandalizes Mysore University headquarters", "text": "MYSORE: A group of six persons barged into Crawford Hall and smashed its windowpanes on Monday.They were angry that a section of the Mysore University staff was working on a declared holiday.Monday was Valmiki Jayanti, and the varsity was officially closed. The two-storey Crawford Hall is the university's administrative headquarters.Police said the group entered the building , next to the DC's office, around 2pm and went to the first floor where 15 staff members, including four professors, were working. Vice-chancellor VG Talawar told TOI: \"They broke windowpanes with rods, and shouted slogans. They didn't harm anybody.\"Talawar had asked the staff to complete their work with help from the professors. \"It was administrative, not academic, work. I was coordinating from home,\" he said. The VC said the security guards should have stopped the group from entering the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17014221", "title": "Delhi murder accused held in Surat", "text": "SURAT: An accused, who was on the run for the past one year after committing double murder in Delhi, was arrested from Surat district on Monday.A joint team of Delhi Police and Surat district police arrested Sunil Rajput from Tatithaiya village , which falls under the limits of Palsana police station.The accused could be traced because of his mobile phone location and was arrested from his rented accommodation in the village. Rajput had allegedly murdered Anil Tiwari and Dipak Bengali, workers in a textile factory , near Gandhinagar on October 27, 2011.He was helped in carrying out the crime by one Kanta Prasad. Both Rajput and Prasad were caught on CCTV camera installed in the factory premises.Police investigation revealed that the murder was carried out with the intention to loot. Rajput was employed as driver of the factory owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17012701", "title": "Yet another immolation attempt in Trichy", "text": "Trichy: Yet another attempt at self-immolation at the district collector's office during the weekly grievance redressal day has infuriated the district collector. This is the fourth such incident in less than two months. A profusely crying Tamil Selvi on Monday, said she did the act as could not bear the thought of her shop lot being snatched away from her by her own daughters and their husbands through illegal means. In her written complaint to the collector she said that she was forced to live with her grandfather and was taking treatment for mental illness.However, collector Jayashree Muralidharan was not impressed with the stunt as she had not even been intimated about the woman's tale of woe. \"The complainant tried to immolate herself even before discussing the matter with me,\" Jayashree said. The police have remanded the woman for 15 days. Earlier, on August 27, differently-abled Suresh, 24 from Keerambur village attempted suicide for not getting a loan, while on October 10, P Rajamanickam, 55, attempted to expose his village president of Thirupanchali by trying to set himself ablaze. Both of them were let off the hook after some primary counselling. But in the third incident, the Cantonment police filed a case against the woman Inbavalli under Section 309 and later released her on bail.\"Enough is enough, these kind of self-immolation attempts cannot go on unchecked. I will recommend severe action. It all boils down to a publicity stunt before the prying cameras of the media,\" the collector said. In a fit anger, Jayashree ordered the media out and then summoned deputy commissioner of police (law and order) M Sathyapriya. Assistant commissioner C K Gandhi had already arrived at the scene and was seen giving stern instructions to the women police to be on the alert to prevent similar incidents. Gandhi later told TOI that he was had deployed 15 constables and officers on Mondays to provide security. But despite precautions, the self-immolation dramas took place. Sathyapriya has also ordered to frisk all the petition givers every Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011161", "title": "Essel workers to go on mass leave on Nov 7", "text": "NAGPUR: Several workers of Spanco Nagpur Discom Limited (SNDL) - city's power franchisee - have decided to go on mass leave on November 7 demanding regularization of their employment and other demands. The employees have served a 14-day mandatory notice to the company.Essel Utilities has purchased the majority stake from Spanco in SNDL and is now the city's franchisee for all practical purposes. Consequently, it is facing the music for the mistakes committed by Spanco.Many SNDL employees have formed a union - Spanco Nagpur Discom Karmachari Samiti (SNDKS), which is affiliated to MSEB Workers' Federation (MSEBWF). Samiti secretary Nitin Shendre said that SNDL employees were waiting for confirmation letters since a year. \"The management deducts provident fund (PF) money from our salary but has so far not provided us the PF slips. The employees are not even being paid minimum wages. The skilled workers should be paid Rs15,000 per month and unskilled workers Rs10,000 per month. As per norms they should be given overtime and night allowance,\" he demanded.Shendre alleged that many times SNDL employees were not given paid leaves when they got injured. \"The company should pay for their treatment and they should be paid some compensation too.\"MSEBWF union leader Mohan Sharma said that on Tuesday at 11am the SNDL workers would take out a protest rally from Shri Mohini Complex to the company's office in Narang Towers, Civil Lines.Meanwhile, top finance officials of Essel Utilities and MSEDCL's franchisee wing chief Bhaskar Khandait are coming to the city on November 2 to discuss the non-payment of bills with Spanco's vendors. SNDL's dues towards vendors range from lakhs to crores of rupees.Vendors had been told by Spanco that Essel would clear their dues. But, Essel told the vendors to get their money from Spanco. Some vendors agreed to do it and they were either forced to give heavy discounts or levied arbitrary penalties to reduce the bills by as much as 30%. Many, however, have told Essel that they want the full bill amount else they would stop work.Essel Utilities claimed that the employees who were going on strike did not belong to SNDL but were workers of its vendors. The company said that it was not responsible for internal issues between vendors and their employees. \"If the consumers are put to inconvenience, action would be taken against the concerned vendor,\" an Essel official said.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17011442", "title": "En garde! Fencing training for PE teachers", "text": "PANAJI: The state government is set to train physical education (PE) teachers in schools in skills like field archery, mallakhamb, tennikoit, tchoukball, fencing and netball games in a bid to improve their knowledge of various genres of sports.The in-service training will be organized by the directorate of sports and youth affairs where physical education teachers of both government and non-government secondary and higher secondary schools will be covered. The training will be held from November 1 to 7 from 9.30am to 5.30pm at three centres- Peddem Sports Complex, in Peddem-Mapusa, PJN Stadium, Fatorda and Ponda Sports Complex, Ponda..Expert coaches will act as resource persons in introducing the teachers to the skills involved, rules and nuances of field archery, mallakhamb, rope skipping, tennikoit, tchoukball, fencing and netball games. The course is expected to enhance the knowledge of the physical education teachers and help them take the teaching of sports in schools to a new level rather than sticking to only the regular drill exercises and yoga.The Goa Sports Policy calls the appointment of one physical education teacher for every 300 students and speaks of making physical education as one of the optional academic subjects on par with other academic subjects with strict evaluation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014277", "title": "Metro honoured for its role in Japan-India ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro, which has been trying to get the Airport Metro Express on track, got a shot in the arm with the President Award from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA). The award was conferred on DMRC's managing director Mangu Singh in the presence of Shinya Ejima, chief representative of JICA, for Delhi Metro's contribution to Indo-Japan ties.\"It is an enormous achievement not only for constructing the Metro but also for bringing about change in the construction environment in the country,\" Ejima told TOI. Calling the Metro a \"flagship project\" for JICA, Ejima added that without it, development of the NCR would not have been possible. Singh said, \"This honour will go a long way in strengthening the bilateral ties between India and Japan and will encourage us to cooperate with each other in many such projects in days to come.\"The new-age transport system was chosen in recognition of its outstanding contribution to the development of human resources, society and the economy in India and to the enhancement of friendly relations and mutual understanding between India and Japan. The JICA President Award is given either to an individual or an organization that is associated with JICA and whose contribution in the field of development is considered to be of immense significance in a developing society. Delhi Metro was built with loan assistance from JICA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17013897", "title": "Compensation sought for Kuttanad farmers", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Kuttanad Vikasana Samithy executive director Fr Thomas Peelianickal said the state should pay compensation to the farmers, who suffered loss due to the bund breach in Kuttanad.Speaking to reporters here on Monday, Peelianickal said that government had announced compensation for the farmers when bunds collapsed in C Block, D Block and Manikyamangalam paddy fields within two years. But the government has not given any amount to the farmers.\"According to the Kuttanad Package the Union government should allot Rs 50 crore under Kuttanad Package for giving compensation to the farmers when they face loss due to natural calamities. However, the state government is not showing any interest to get this amount from the Centre. M S Swaminathan Research Foundation, Chennai had designed the package,'' Peelianickal said.\"If the government did not take any steps immediately for giving compensation to the farmers, we will soon start agitation programmes in the district. We have already submitted memorandums to chief minister, agriculture minister and district collector demanding the immediate distribution of compensation to the farmers,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017925", "title": "Pakhi Hegde ruling at the box office", "text": "Pakhi Hegde is racing up for the superstar tag. From her first film 'Rikshawala' to her latest 'Rikshawala I Love You', audience have loved her performance. Nirahua and Pakhi Hegde's jodi has always worked wonders on the Bhojpuri screen.Pakhi is beaming with happiness on the success of her latest and is ready for various challenging roles in the industry. 'Rikshawala I Love You' has made record collection at the box office.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17013504", "title": "Kittur Rani Chennamma's samadhi lies in neglect", "text": "BELGAUM: She was the valiant Indian woman who ignited the fire of freedom struggle and fought against the British. Kittur Rani Chennamma's resistance ended in her martyrdom and even today, tales of her heroic deeds are passed down from one generation to another.However, the authorities seem to have forgotten to give the brave queen a befitting tribute. Their utter negligence towards maintaining her samadhi at Bailhongal taluk in Belgaum is a testimony to it. When J H Patel was the chief minister, Chennamma's statues were installed in New Delhi, Bangalore and in Kittur. However, there is little information given at samadhi. Neither her date of birth nor her achievements are recorded on the statue.The park where the samadhi is situated is in a poor state. The light poles have stopped functioning. Locals say these light poles function only during Kittur Utsav and Kannada Rajyotsava.\"There is no lawn and proper drinking water facility. The fountain and the park are not maintained properly due to lack of staff. The place is totally neglected by the government,\" said members of the Kittur Rani Chennamma Youths Association. Anil, a member of the association, said the authorities must improve the facilities and take steps to provide information about Rani Chennamma to keep the visitors informed about her contribution to the country.\"When tourists come here they are eager to know about Rani Chennamma. They depend on locals to get information,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17013935", "title": "A self-appointed traffic cop who help kids cross roads", "text": "KOZHIKODE: For thousands of students belonging to the six schools around the busy Chalappuram junction, P Velayudhan is a good Samaritan straight from the moral fables.Come rain or shine, they can look forward to a pair of helping hands in their daily struggle to cross the road and board a bus from the busy junction on Mankavu Road.Each evening, as the schools disperse, over 4,000 students troop into the narrow junction to board buses back home. The crowded junction soon turns into a safety nightmare as students, mostly girls from the two government girls' schools, flood the street from all sides scrambling to catch a bus. A frail old man would step in without fail to restore order amid the chaos and takes over the control of traffic and ensures that the last child has boarded the bus back home.For students, Velayudhan is a self-appointed traffic cop, an ever anxious guardian concerned over their safety and a vocal campaigner of student rights -- all rolled into one. The poor daily wage labourer has been silently doing yeomen service to the students for the last eight years.\"I use to work in a hotel near the junction and I could regularly see students left in tears as they struggle to board the bus. Often students fall down as they chase buses, sometimes they are pushed down by bus staff and often accidents take place injuring the children. It was then that I decided to step in. Many a times I have carried injured students to hospitals,\" Velayudhan said.He would reach the Chalappuram junction at 3.30pm and would control the junction till 5.30pm. Velayudhan finds time for this selfless service by putting in extra hours at his work.Students affectionately call him Velayudhan mama who would stop the private buses for them and ensure that each bus takes at least 10 students. \"If uncle was not there, getting back home would have been an awful task. Even our parents are now relieved as they know there is a person at the bus stand to take care of us,\" said Megha, a seventh standard student of Ganapath Model Girls' Higher Secondary School.The traffic police officials were equally appreciative of Velayudhan's services. \"His voluntary service in handling the traffic and the students has simplified our job. The students have a nice bonding with him and they obey all his directions,\" said P Vijayan, traffic control room SI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012519", "title": "Police crack cyber fraud; accused victim's nephew", "text": "LUCKNOW: The cyber cell of Lucknow police busted a case of online fraud related to a bogus sale transaction with a US-based auction giant. The entire exercise, however, failed to fetch results after it came to light that the entire fraud was actually the handiwork of a close relative of the complainant who withdrew the case after the revelation. The incident is an eye-opener for all those who are not careful enough about keeping the pin numbers and passwords of their credit and debit cards secret.An SMS alert told RS Srivastava, a private firm executive and resident of sector G in Jankipuram, on the evening of October 4 about an online payment of Rs 25,000 made to a California-based auctioneer from his account with the State Bank of India . The alert left Srivastava puzzled and shocked as he had made no such transaction. After confirming with those in the family who were in the know of his account details, Srivastava lodged a complaint with the local Gudamba police station. The matter was referred to the cyber cell of the Lucknow police.Initial investigations revealed the transaction involved online purchase of a high-end smartphone from the auctioneer. The cyber cell sent a detailed questionnaire to the auctioneer seeking specifics like all possible details of the seller and buyer along with the Internet Port (IP) address of parties involved and zeroed in on the IP address details of the two parties as furnished by the website administrator of the auctioneer. It was thus established that the smart phone was put up for sale from a Lucknow-based IP address. Interestingly, it was revealed that the cellular phone in question was bought by the same IP address.The investigators then traced the IP address to a Delhi-based individual. Another surprise sprung up when police found that the 24-year-old IP address holder, was the nephew of the complainant. The offender is employed as a systems engineer with a leading multinational technology corporation and draws a monthly salary of over Rs 40,000.To get railway travel tickets booked through IRCTC, Srivastava had shared his bank details with his nephew a few months back. Interestingly, instead of initiating inter-banking funds transfer, the nephew routed the payment to his account through the auction site, which charges a nominal commission.The youth had noted down details of the ATM card and filled up the 16-digit number, card verification value (CVV), expiry date, name of the card holder, and security password as required and ordered purchase of the smartphone.Investigations further revealed that he had already bought the smart phone for Rs 25,000 a few months back and then put it up for sale to pocket another Rs 25,000 using his uncle's ATM card details.\"Card holders need to be extra cautious if they have young members in the family. Parents should keep check on the spending habits of their children and their lifestyle,\" said Dinesh Yadav, nodal officer of the cyber crime cell. The police detected the case on Saturday and were helped by cyber experts Mayank Khare and Sachin Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17013972", "title": "Tribal affairs department in Raj Bhavan", "text": "GUMLA: Stressing the need to uplift the tribal society in the state, governor Syed Ahmed on Monday said he had set a tribal affairs department in Raj Bhavan.The governor, who was addressing a gathering at the 88th birth anniversary of former Union minister Kartik Oraon at Karaundalitatoli village, around 9 km from here, said the leader dedicated his life for the service of the tribal society and made his life a worthy one.\"Everyone should prove that during the span of one's life, he/she should do something so that people could remember him/her even after death.\" The birth anniversary is celebrated for those who have scarified for the society and the country, he added.On the tribal affairs department in the governor's house, Ahmed said he had deputed a director to look after it and asked the tribal people to take benefit of the same by getting in touch with it.He hailed Gitashree Oraon, the Sisai MLA and the daughter of Kartik Oraon, for keeping the legacy of her family up.Gitashree Oraon and Local MP Sudarshan Bhagat addressed the programme organized at the aegis of All India Tribal Development Council, Gumla. Former minister Bandi Oraon and ex-MLA Sukhdeo Bhagat, VCs of Ranchi and Binoba Bhave universities were also present.Earlier, the governor paid floral tribute at the memorials of Kartik Oraon and his wife Sumati, both former Union ministers. He was accorded a rousing reception in a traditional tribal way as he arrived at the village.The governor also distributed blankets among the elderly persons and prizes among winners and runners-up of a football tournament organized to mark the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012851", "title": "Two probes ordered into sexual abuse at govt shelter", "text": "MUMBAI: Following reports of alleged sexual abuse and rape of women sheltered at the state-run Navjeevan Mahila Vastigruha in Mankhurd, the government has ordered two independent probes.While chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has directed the crime branch to investigate and submit a report in a week, the women and child development department has ordered a departmental enquiry (DE). Deputy CEO of the department (Thane) Sucharita Thorat has been directed to conduct the probe. The DE was started with a divisional officer visiting the shelter.The root of the allegations goes back to October 27, when 36 inmates- rescued under Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act-reportedly escaped after an argument with the caretaker. The police managed to trace 13 of them. On Monday, news report quoted an inmate, who fled, saying the women at the home were sexually abused by armed men who entered the home by breaching security.But home superintendent Ashwini Dighe denied the allegations of sexual abuse but conceded that the home was overcrowded; shelter officials blamed the police for the state of affairs. According to Dighe, 11 women cops were employed there. \"How could armed men barge into the home? The NGOs that counsel the women would have reported if something was amiss,\" she said.Even the police rubbished the abuse allegation. \"An armed gang barging inside and raping women appears improbable,\" cops said. Addl CP Khalid Kaisar said, \"Since 200 girls from Simplex were sent there, 11 cops have been posted there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017284", "title": "Katrina regrets not shooting 'Jab Tak...' Switzerland song", "text": "Actress Katrina Kaif, who was looking forward to romance her 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' co-star Shah Rukh Khan in a song sequence to be shot in Switzerland for their upcoming film, is disheartened after Yash Chopra's demise and feels she would be bereft of the iconic moments lent by the director to his leading ladies.A portion from the unfinished song was to be shot in Switzerland, a country whose scenic beauty has been the captured in so many of Chopra's films. He was to travel to Switzerland this month but had to hospitalised for dengue fever on October 13. He passed away on October 21.Katrina was to wear a white chiffon sari, designed by Manish Malhotra for the song.\"It is sad that we did not get to shoot it (the song). We had zeroed in one a sari out of the 12 that were designed. I remember him (Yash Chopra) saying that it will be a party when we shoot in Switzerland,\" Katrina told reporters here during the press conference of 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan'.\"We had planned the sequence for the song as in how it will be shot in cold water and all of that. It is unfortunate that I won't be able to do it,\" she added.SRK, who has worked with Chopra in several films like 'Darr', 'Dil Toh Pagal Hai', 'Veer Zaara' and others, says a small portion of the song that is remaining to be shot will not happen as it would not anyway match the vision of Chopra.\"Just a minute and a half portion of the song was to be shot in Switzerland which we all wanted to have. For doing that portion of the song we don't have the heart. We will make it impure if we had to shoot... We have enough material for the song,\" Shah Rukh said.The film is directed by Yash Chopra and star Shah Rukh, Katrina and Anushka Sharma , It will hit theatres on November 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17013365", "title": "Get illegal power load regularized: DHBVN", "text": "Gurgaon: The Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam ( DHBVN) has asked consumers to get unauthorized extended electricity load regularized without paying any penalty under Voluntary Disclosure Scheme (VDS) before October 31. The discom is expecting a huge rush before the scheme gets over after two days.A discom spokesperson said that after expiry of the VDS, a massive campaign would be launched to detect unauthorized extension of electricity load. Heavy penalty, as per rule, would be imposed on the erring consumers.The spokesperson said Voluntary Disclosure Scheme includes all kinds of consumers including domestic, non-domestic and agriculture who can declare extra power load by submitting an \"Application and Agreement\" form along with consumption security. Consumers are not needed to submit any affidavit and are not required to submit any fresh test report also, up to 20 KW total load. The spokesperson said the consumer may submit a self declaration form and for extension of load beyond 20 KW, a fresh test report is required to be submitted by consumers.The extension of load on tube wells will be regularized within the existing system, and if the existing system cannot take up %the additional load , the existing equipment/transformer will be augmented at the cost of the %discom.Villagers and farmers having pending electricity bills against them on June 16 2005, %to come in to mainstream and take benefits of bill waiver scheme %by paying only the capital amount of bills pertaining to the period with effect from June 17 2005. %If they come forward to pay off the bills of this period in one go, %all the pending bills, pertaining %to the period up to June 16 2005, %and whole of the late payment %surcharge would be waived off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17014060", "title": "3 students held for hoax call to airlines", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura Police on Monday arrested three school students for making hoax calls to Gurgaon IndiGo airlines threatening to destroy airplanes on Friday and produced them before the juvenile court in Udaipur in south Tripura.Superintendent of police, South Tripura, Shankar Debnath said we analyzed the details of call records and meantime base tower signals of the telephone and tracked down three class X students from Belonia on Sunday night who had made the call.During interrogation, the accused confessed to their crime and stated that they had also made such hoax calls on toll free numbers to several other organizations on the same day after buying the SIM card from a local shopkeeper.The main accused, Dipraj Sarkar (15), an aspiring singer, is said to have attended several auditions of various reality shows in television channels recently. He, accompanied by two of his brothers, collected toll-free numbers of various organizations from internet and bought a SIM card in the name of a vegetable vendor.\"The children stated that they did not have any criminal motive behind this incident and were playing a prank. But as per the estimation of IndiGo, the airlines had to bear a loss of more than Rs 1 crore as the authorities had mobilized dog squads and anti-terrorist squads at all the airports in the country after the call came,\" said Debnath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012023", "title": "Congress slams MP govt for prohibiting CBI to act against babus", "text": "BHOPAL: Opposition Congress in Madhya Pradesh on Monday demanded withdrawal of state government's notification prohibiting the CBI to act against corrupt IAS and IPS officers in the state, without taking its consent.The ruling BJP government in the state had recently issued a notification prohibiting the investigative agency from taking action against IAS, IPS and IFS officers without taking state government's consent.Criticising the move, leader of Opposition in Madhya Pradesh Assembly Ajay Singh said, \"It is an attempt to shield corrupt officers posted in the state.\"\"While on one hand CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan created a lot of furore over the Centre not giving its nod to the Bill for creation of special courts for speedy trial of corruption cases, on the other hand, his government is prohibiting CBI from taking action against those indulging in corruption,\" Singh said in a statement.He said that the state government had not only acted against the provision of Delhi Special Police Establishment Act of 1946, but has also gone against the spirit of federal structure of the country.\"Though the percentage of those indulging in corrupt practices is very less, the notification has a demoralising effect on those who serve the state with honesty and integrity,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017031", "title": "Jeanie didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t happen due to Jhalak: Giaa Manek", "text": "Giaa Manek created a niche in the tinsel town with the most celebrated character 'Gopi Bahu' from Star Plus's Saath Nibhana Saathiya. Later on, she went ahead and signed a dancing reality show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa and what happened next is known by the audiences. The actress was not supported by the channel, leading for her replacement.However, after the huge hullabaloo, Giaa has once again set to make a comeback with fiction but this time a magical fiction as Giaa will be seen as Jeanie. Talking to TOI.com, Giaa shares, \" Jeanie Aur Juju didn't happen to me due to participating in Jhalak Dikhla Jaa , instead it was my episode of Movers and Shekhars which gave me this show.\"\"Fortunately, the episode of Movers and Shekars in which I was invited as the guest, was seen by SAB TV's head and that's how Jeanie Aur Juju came to me,\" she adds.When asked about learning from Jhalak, she promptly says, \"Jhalak has taught me different styles of dancing, grooming and I must not forget it has given me a best friend, Nishant.\"Giaa Manek signs off by stating, \"I will never forget Saathiya at any moment as it has given me the tag of Gopi Bahu and all the fame.\"Hope Giaa gets success in spreading Jeanie's magic with SAB TV's Jeanie Aur Juju .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17013992", "title": "Health department alert to check dengue", "text": "RANCHI: The state health department has issued a high alert notice to all the districts in wake of a dengue outbreak in Bokaro, Jamshedpur and Hazaribagh. P Chandra, health services director-in-chief, said mosquito-borne diseases like dengue and chikungunia are common during this season and the department has issued the alert keeping in mind the situation and threat.\"We had earlier issued guidelines for civil surgeons and today, after many dengue cases have been reported in several districts, we are issuing a general to-do list for people urging them to maintain hygiene and not let water collect near their homes as such conditions provide perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes. People should use mosquito nets and these are the basics one should follow as this disease doesn't need a specific treatment and can be easily prevented if precautions are taken,\" said Chandra.Chandra added: \"Test kits for dengue have been made available in all three medical colleges and in some of the government hospitals. Though the facility for platelet counts is also available at the medical colleges and government hospitals, the arrangements for transfusion of platelets have been made available in the three medical colleges and some private hospitals. In this disease, platelet count is very important and we can say that is the only thing which saves lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17012338", "title": "Sickle cell anemia patient undergoes hip surgery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jeancy Tchatenda Baraka, 18, a sickle cell anemia patient from Congo underwent a hip replacement surgery here at the HCG Hospital on Monday. Doctors said he is the first sickle cell anemia patient to undergo replacement surgery in the country.\"Sickle cell anemia is a complex blood disorder. In India, 20 per cent of such patients die before they reach two years of age while 30 per cent of patients die before they turn 14 years\", said orthopedic surgeon Dr Dipak Dave who operated on the patient along with Dr Rikin Shah and Dr Raunak Desai. New Zealand based Dr Rocco Pitto remained present as an observer.Doctors said that Jeancy suffered from a kidney disease as well as a hip joint disease, both triggered by the sickle cell anaemia. tnn Earlier, his gall bladder was also removed. \"This is a very rare case as most people suffering from this blood disorder die very young\", Dr Dave said. He said that the disorder is commonly seen in tribal districts of the state while it is most common in African countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012240", "title": "Telugu Desam Party sets sights on third front for 2014", "text": "HYDERABAD: Although there are no specific indications that the 2014 general elections could be brought forward, hectic efforts are on all the same to cobble together a third front in time for the poll battle. National-level leaders like Mulayam Singh Yadav , Sharad Yadav, Om Prakash Chautala and AB Bardhan are in touch with Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president Chandrababu Naidu even while he continues with his state-wide padayatra.On Monday, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) chief M Karunanidhi, too, came into the picture. Although the veteran leader has just written to Naidu enquiring about his well-being following the latter's recent fall from the dais in Mahbubnagar, insiders said that the focus of the note was on formulating a strategy for the regrouping of non-Congress and non-BJP forces.With serious plans afoot to effect the formation of the third front, attempts are on to convince Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh to snap ties with the Congress before the winter session of Parliament that he may take the lead in the matter.Sources said that Naidu was thinking of inviting all interested national leaders to a public meeting at the culmination of his padayatra to announce the launch of the third front. Nama Nageswar Rao, the TDP parliamentary party leader, has met Mulayam Singh, JD(U) national president Sharad Yadav, National Lok Dal leader Chautala, CPI general secretary Bardhan and CPI(M) general secretary Suravaram Sudhakara Reddy in Delhi in this regard.Nageswar Rao said that the talks had centred mainly on the third front. \"We are assessing the possibility of the re-grouping of non-Congress and non-BJP forces at the Centre. All national leaders feel the need for such a front. The prospects of a third front would depend on the political dynamics in the coming days,\" he said.While the final objective is to put up a united fight in the 2014 general elections, Nageswar Rao said that their efforts at present would be solely directed towards pinning down the government on the Foreign Direct Investment issue in the winter session, which begins in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017959", "title": "Jus Ritz is back", "text": "Jus Ritz is now back after taking a long break from the music scene to concentrate on producing for upcoming singles. His brand new single 'Jaan Dhena' featuring Bakshi Billa is the second single taken from the album 'My Life In Notes'.Birmingham born well-known producer/musician/DJ Jus Ritz is one of the rising stars within the UK Bhangra Industry. His first single 'Tere Na Te Glassy' reached number one three weeks running on Brit Asia TV's chart show. Jus Ritz has made quite an impact in the UK &amp; abroad by touring all over the UK, as well as performing internationally such as India, Malaysia, &amp; Canada.The brand new album 'My Life In Notes' features vocal talents from the likes of Labh Janjua, Late Kaka Bhaniawala, Bakshi Billa, Foji, Ishmeet Narula, Raj Kaul, Manj Banwait, BooBoo, Ekko &amp; Many More. This album is scheduled to release early 2013.Source : simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "strasbourg", "code": "17013767", "title": "EU parliament slams Pakistan for 'grave' human rights abuses", "text": "STRASBOURG: The European Parliament has slammed Pakistan for its \"grave human rights abuses\" and raised concern over the \"pathetic condition\" of the girl child in that country as it condemned the Taliban attack on teenage activist Malala Yosufzai.It also called for a determined effort by the international community to use its moral, financial and military power to stem the rot that \"afflicts certain societies where children have become targets of terrorist organizations like the Taliban which continue to have support and sanctuaries in Pakistan\".During a debate organized in the European Parliament on March 26, the members of South Asia Peace Forum ( SAPF) highlighted the pathetic condition of the girl child in Pakistan.\"The emergency debate specially focused on the discrimination against girls in Pakistan with special reference to Malala Yousafzai.\"The members of the European Parliament spoke at length about the situation of human right abuses,\" an official statement said. The debate highlighted the attack in Mingora in which the 15-year-old Malala was targeted. \"Malala is widely respected for her work to promote the schooling of girls; something that the Taliban strongly oppose and apparently became the reason for the attack,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17015263", "title": "Dabangg 2: Salman, Malaika back in an item song", "text": "Salman Khan has shot another item song, this one called Pandeyji Ceetee Mare. It is sung by composer Wajid from the Sajid-Wajid duo.This one would have the gorgeous Malaika Arora Khan joining in with Salman.Says Arbaaz, \"We have already shot the Pandeyji number. It's choreographed by Chinni Prakash. Yes, Malaika makes an appearance with Salman. We thought it would be a nice reference back to the Munni number from Dabangg. I don't know how you define an item song. If it's just a catchy number then we've three item songs in Dabangg 2. If it's a big-name actress making a guest appearance to dance, then Kareena's Fevicol number is the only item song.\"Arbaaz says he has almost completed the entire shooting of Dabangg 2. \"I've a couple of songs, and that's it. There's only ten days of shooting left. We had to make sure we were ready for a Christmas release. By God's grace we're on schedule.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012914", "title": "CM downplays global criticism of waste crisis", "text": "BANGALORE: The city, which earned itself the title of outsourcing capital of the world, now grabbing headlines in global media for its struggle to deal with waste. But the state government brushes it away.\"Bangalore is a global city and anything happening here grabs international space,\" said chief minister Jagadish Shettar, reacting to recent reports in international media on the muck mess.Dismissing these reports, Shettar said the government is taking all steps to clear the accumulated trash. \"The government is in control of the problem and has taken all measures to clear garbage. Things will be all right in a few days,\" he added.He maintained the problem will not ruin the city's image.Mayor Venkatesh Murthy said the garbage problem is all over the world and New York too faced it once but resolved it with the help of people's participation, representative and government agencies. \"We have also initiated such measures. By next week, most of the garbage will be cleared,\" he said.Mohandas Pai, chairman, Manipal Global Education Services, urged the chief secretary to convene an emergency meeting and form a special task force to address the problem. \"The contracts to clear garbage have been awarded to mafia who don't have expertise in trash disposal. The BBMP should grant contracts to private companies run by professionals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012862", "title": "Karnataka confirms bird flu outbreak", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Monday said that tests had confirmed that the 206 chicken and 17 ducks that died at the Central Poultry Development Organization at Hesaraghatta near Bangalore were affected by the highly pathogenic avian influenza (H5N1) virus.The outbreak has necessitated culling of over 33,000 birds \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 19,235 chicken, 13,673 ducks and 369 emus \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the institute's premises and its 1km radius. It said 52 chicken sheds in the area are being sanitized to prevent any spread of the flu.\"About 80 samples were collected from villages around CPDO and sent for tests to Bhopal's high security Animal Disease Laboratory on Saturday. No further unnatural deaths of birds have been reported from this zone,\" said animal husbandry department principal secretary Aravind Jannu.Action has also been initiated to sanitize turkey, duck, emu and chicken units. \"Ten teams are involved in surveillance work in the 10-km-wide affected zone. Twenty five rapid response teams are involved in the culling and disposal of the birds on the CPDO farm,\" said Jannu. A school on the CDPO premises has been closed for 15 days, the official said.Last week, an action plan was activated in the CPDO farm and its vicinity after tests confirmed that 3,481 turkeys had died of avian flu in the institute. About 800 turkeys were later culled.An alert was sounded across 68 villages within 10 km of Hesaraghatta.About 1.5 lakh poultry birds are housed in the commercial and private farms in these villages.The forest department has been alerted about the situation and directed to take up surveillance of stray, wild and migratory birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17014163", "title": "Saffron prevails: Ojha is new city mayor, Joshi deputy", "text": "AURANGABAD: The saffron alliance continued to retain its hold on the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), with Shiv Sena's Kala Ojha winning the mayor's seat and Sanjay Joshi of the BJP deputy mayor's on Monday.Out of the 99 votes, Ojha bagged 58 while Joshi 56, an impressive margin as the saffron combine has a strength of 44 members in the general body of the AMC .Ojha defeated Congress's Fatema Firdous, who bagged 41 votes and whose candidature was finalized at the last minute on Monday. Joshi defeated suspended BJP corporator Raju Shinde, who had joined the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) two days ago and was rewarded with the candidature for deputy mayor's post. Shinde received 43 votes.District collector Kunal Kumar, who was the presiding officer, declared both Ojha and Joshi elected, following the process which saw 58 corporators, including 14 independents and members of smaller parties, raising their hands in favour of Ojha, when her name was called out. Similarly, Kumar declared Joshi elected when 56 corporators raised their hands in his favour. Two of the corporators \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mehrunnisa Begum and Naser Qureshi who had voted for Ojha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d supported Raju Shinde, increasing his tally to 43.A total of three corporators - Ojha of the Sena and Congress members Kavita Jadhav and Fatema Firdous Khan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had filed their papers for the mayor's post which was reserved for women (open) category while 12 candidates including Joshi and Raju Shinde had filed their papers for the deputy mayor's position. As was the arrangement, the Congress and the NCP were to contest mayoral and deputy mayoral election respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012323", "title": "Protest against 'disparaging' remarks in film", "text": "HYDERABAD: Banjara Hills police on Monday arrested 25 members of a Brahmin association for protesting against the derogatory portrayal of their community in actor-producer M Mohan Babu's latest release 'Denikaina Ready'. on Monday arrested 25 members of a Brahmin association for protesting against the derogatory portrayal of their community in actor-producer M Mohan Babu's latest release 'Denikaina Ready'.The protesters on Monday eveing went to Mohan Babu's Film Nagar residence where they held a demonstration. The protesters said that their community had been portrayed in a derogatory manner in several scenes of the movie.They specifically pointed out that the movie's director, G Nageswar Reddy, had earlier, too, insulted the people from their community, in his movie 'Seema Shastry'.Before going to Mohan Babu's house, the agitators gave a representation to members of the AP Film Chamber of Commerce , complaining about the movie's producer and the director.Police arrested the protesters under section 151 of the CrPC and released them later on personal bond.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17014100", "title": "ATMs have just got more intelligent", "text": "MELBOURNE: New smart ATMs that can count your cash, read the cheques and credit it to your account immediately at any hour are on the way. \"We've already rolled out 40 ATMs that can do that and we'll have 150 of that type out by the end of this financial year,\" the Commonwealth Bank's executive general manager of retail products, Michael Cant, said.\"You deposit your cash or a cheque into an ATM that's smart enough to count the cash, read the cheque ... and credit that immediately to your account,\" Cant said.Australian Bank ANZ is also set to introduce 800 ATMs by the end of the 2012-13 financial year that have the ability to deposit coins, notes and cheques and have them instantly credited to the customer's account, 'news.com.au' reported.Cant says customers will also be able to personalize their settings on ATMs that will pop up each time they use it. \"When you put in your card, it identifies you as the customer and preferences that you set,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013195", "title": "Argument over parking triggers violence, 16 hurt", "text": "JAIPUR: A trivial argument over parking a two-wheeler turned into a violent confrontation between two groups that left 16 people, including policemen, injured on Monday afternoon.The situation remained tense for nearly three hours on the Moti Doongri road where people got stuck in-between the stone pelting.According to the police, the incident took place at 2 pm when some people, who had gathered for a feast at the Muslim Musafirkhana, asked a young man to park his scooter somewhere else.The youth refused to do so which triggered a scuffle and soon the men started pelting stones at each other.Undeterred by the presence of police, the fight continued for nearly half-an-hour in which six persons of each group and four cops were injured.In the fight, windscreens of at least 20 vehicles parked nearby were broken.Soon, additional commissioner of police (crime) G L Meena reached the spot and spoke with the warring groups. However, it didn't yield any result as the fight continued. The police had to resort to force to disperse the mob. All the men involved in the fight belonged to the same community, police said.Due to the confrontation, people who were out for Diwali shopping on the MD Road got stuck for hours. Those at the religious feast too were forced to stay put till the fight ended.\"Four FIRS have been registered in this case. Two were lodged by members of the confronting groups while other FIRs were lodged by the police against at least 50 people for disturbing peace and damaging public property. All the injured, including four policemen, are out of danger but undergoing treatment,\" Meena added.Meanwhile, as a precautionary measure police have deployed one company of Rajasthan Armed constabulary( RAC) in addition to at least 80 other policemen in the area to avoid any further clashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17012500", "title": "Cops give safety tips for festive season", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police officials have turned to the public to help curb crimes during and after festive season. More than 20,000 leaflets and stickers will be distributed amongst citizens, giving guidelines about safety measures to be adopted in high-rises, prevention of theft from parked vehicles, chain snatchings and fake police.Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, said that the festive season is important for the thieves as people have cash and valuables at this time of the year. Many citizens also go on vacations. \"The information we will provide will cover do's and don'ts for the citizens and include practical tips like not talking about valuables in presence of domestic help or checking whether CCTVs are functioning in commercial establishments,\" Tomar added.\"We want to include citizens in our overall security plan. Public help will go a long way in preventing crimes. The leaflets will be distributed by respective police stations while the stickers will be provided to people staying in high-rises, societies and colonies as the office-bearers can stick it to the notice boards,\" said Tomar.\"We have also prepared a banner for police stations that will serve as a checklist for the policemen. It includes points such as keeping an eye on suspicious people around banks, important business hubs and residential societies. Studying the modus operandi of various gangs active in the city, we have asked them to check any person with greasy substances that can be thrown on cloth or vehicle to distract a person and rob his valuables,\" said Tomar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17018052", "title": "Ajith gets beefed up", "text": "Ajith is getting a beefed up look for his upcoming project with Vishnuvardhan, which also has Nayanthara, Arya and Tapsee Pannu in the lead. Director Venkat Prabhu was on cloud nine after seeing the beefed up Ajith and said that he wished Ajith looked like that in Mankatha. Ajith in turn, replied that he would look even more muscular in their next association. Venkat Prabhu was on cloud nine after hearing this. Now, the question is will be there be a sequel to Mankatha, with the duo at the helm?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17014398", "title": "12-yr-old suffers from paralytic stroke", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a shocking case which has the medical fraternity stumped, 12-year old boy Bhavin Patel studying in class VII was hospitalized with paralytic stroke affecting his right side.Bhavin was brought to the hospital with no movement in his right limbs. While he has recovered partially and can take baby steps, he is yet to recover complete movements and memory.Brain stroke commonly known as paralysis is a disease of the elderly, which has also started targeting people in their 40s and 50s. A 12-year old boy suffering paralysis has, however, come as a shocker to the experts too.What makes Bhavin's stroke is a mystery is that he has tested negative for 'Moya Moya' , a congenital disorder where a child is born with blocked arteries which result in heart or brain stroke. So far, experts have pinned Bhavin's paralysis attack to vasculitis or inflammation of the arteries supplying blood to his brain and partly to his lifestyle which involved eating loads of ghee.\"We have carried out a battery of tests on Bhavin and primarily concluded that the stroke occurred due to inflammation of the arteries supplying blood to his brain. There is a possibility is lifestyle trigger as well. But the root cause of why did his arteries got inflamed , what has precipitated his illness is yet to be ascertained\" , said leading neuro physician Dr Sudhir Shah.Dr Shah said that extensive genetic tests have been ordered and tissue samples will be sent for biopsy to resolve the mystery behind stroke striking such an extremely young boy.Meanwhile, Bhavin's father Anil, a police constable, said that it still refuses to sink that his young boy has suffered from paralysis. \"We were eating when we saw that Bhavin was not able to take his hand to his mouth. He deteriorated rapidly within minutes he was not able to move\" , he said. He said that Bhavin has regained movement in his right leg and hand and is able to take baby steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17013016", "title": "Old law gives police powers to play bully", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police's affinity for the archaic Bombay Police Act is propelled by two reasons. It gives them great discretionary powers in deciding what is an offence. And, equally significantly, it helps them keep the crime statistics in Mumbai low.Former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh explained that offences under the Bombay Police Act are classified as petty. They do not add to the city's crime record, which is based on statistics under more substantive laws such as the Indian Penal Code. BP Act also permits men in khaki to bypass the more cumbersome procedures involved in IPC.\"Police officers often take pride in saying there are more cases under the BP Act since it shows they are on the roads, doing their jobs,\" said Singh.The Bombay Police Act allows policemen to liberally interpret an act as an offence and enables them to take action on the spot. \"The one provision used often is BP Act's section 110. It covers indecent acts and disorderly behaviour,\" said Singh. \"With no specific definition in place, police have immense discretion to decide what is obscene and disorderly. Hence, even questioning an officer becomes disorderly and party-wear becomes obscene.\"The abuse of this openness in the law, attorneys said, has necessitated amendments. They maintained that small changes in some of the commonly used sections, such as section 110, can stop the continual harassment of citizens.Lawyer Pradeep Havnur, who has appeared in several public interest litigations on human rights violations, said, \"The BP Act has to be changed to keep pace with the changing society trends.\" Law, he added, is not a constant and has to evolve.\"Comprehensive amendments to the Act must be made after taking into account the relevance of its provisions to the contemporary societal requirements,\" said advocate Hitesh Jain, a partner in law firm ALMT Legal.Earlier this year, when senior police officer Vasant Dhoble launched a crusade against the city's nightlife, the state government had said it was considering a review of archaic laws. Lawyers pointed out that no such revision has been initiated till now.Times ViewChange outdated laws to reflect current realityThe only way to stop police harassment is by taking away some of the powers that the law gives cops. The set of laws that deal with twenty-first-century Mumbai was formulated decades back; some of them were enacted by colonial rulers against the colonised. The political situation and societal mores have changed beyond recognition since then but those changes are yet to find reflection in some of the rules that still govern us. There is an immediate need to rectify this anachronism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17013984", "title": "JPCC leaders scramble for top post", "text": "RANCHI: Appointment of the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) president, which appeared an easy task till Sunday morning, has suddenly taken a wild turn.Senior leaders of the party, who were ready to accept Subodh Kant Sahay as JPCC chief and Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu as Union minister, have now decided to try their own luck. Everyone, who has some connections in New Delhi, is trying their best to be counted among the probables.Apart from Balmuchu and Sahay, some of the Congress leaders who are among the top contenders for the post are Geetashree Oraon, Sukhdeo Bhagat and Furkan Ansari.A JPCC member, who was eyeing the post for the past two years, said: \"We had made up our minds and were not trying for the post since Balmuchu was to become a minister and Sahay would be rehabilitated in the organization as the JPCC chief. Now I have realized that the post is open and anyone can vie for it and get the responsibility.\"Balmuchu's one year extension as the JPCC chief is going to end on November 11. \"I have once again requested my contacts to explore the possibility of my getting the responsibility to strengthen the organization in the state,\" the JPCC member said. He is already in New Delhi and plans to stay there for at least another week.A working committee member of the JPCC and a close aide of Sahay is planning to visit New Delhi within a couple of days and put forth his candidature for the top post. He said, \"I have been with the party for more than two decades and have a good rapport with the high command and state leaders. If given the responsibility, I can assure the party leadership that I will renew the organization in the state.\"Party spokesman Sailesh Sinha preferred to stay tight-lipped on the matter. \"It is true that everybody will make efforts and some have already started the work, but nothing is clear now. Since AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi himself is aware of the situation in the state, the final decision will be taken at the central level only. I don't think it will be an easy task for anyone to get the top post this time,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17012481", "title": "Cancer winners serve success recipe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cancer winners on Monday created an array of healthy and nutritious dishes as part of the special cookery show organized by the Comprehensive Blood &amp; Cancer Care Center, the cancer treatment unit of Apollo Hospitals . Soya chunk salad, fada ni khichdi and desi Panini were some of the dishes cooked up by these cancer survivors.The cookery show was organized to generate awareness about the commonest form of cancer among women; breast cancer. Healthy and nutritious food helps in preventing cancer and healing breast cancer survivors as well.The program was an excellent morale booster for the survivors who participated in full enthusiasm as a display of their continuing zest for life and healthy living.\"It is a scientifically proven fact that well balanced dishes with proper nutritional values help keep cancer at bay. The contestants were asked to prepare soups, salads, starters and other day to day healthy vegetarian recipes that are easy to make and savory too. The best dishes were awarded according to their nutritious factor, taste, presentation and time for preparation\", said Dr Anagha Zope.'The breast cancer demon is slowly invading India and by 2020, the breast cancer patients in India will be at par with the US and Europe. To keep its risk at bay, we should follow a healthy lifestyle, that means slight moderations in your diet in the form of balanced nutritious recipes. Garnish your platter with low fat diet infused with fresh fruits and vegetables. Always be aware of what you are eating. Healthy eating means healthy life. High protein and low carbohydrate diet combined with natural flavors reduce the risk of breast cancer', said Dr Anagha Zope. , discussing the crucial role of nutritious food in preventing breast cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17013309", "title": "Feeling insecure in village, say rape victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin", "text": "ROHTAK: Two days after Bhiwani police booked INLD MLA from Loharu constituency Dharampal Obra and his wife Sheela Devi for threatening and beating up a physically-challenged dalit rape victim and her husband, the family of the victim alleged that they were feeling intimidated and insecure in the village and their three minor children had stopped going to school out of fear.The 32-year-old victim has accused Obra and his wife of beating up and threatening her and her husband when they went to complain against the MLA's nephew who had been allegedly sexually-exploiting the woman for months.Bhiwani police has started investigation into the complaint after registering a case on October 27 against Obra and his wife. The police also registered a rape case against Obra's nephew Rajender the same day following directions from the IGP, Hisar range. The victim's family has been provided police protection.The victim's husband said their childrenhad not gone to school after the October 20 when the MLA and his wife threatened them to \"get their children picked\" if they dared to report rape incident to the police. \"We had approached the MLA in hope of justice but I was beaten up by him while my wife was thrashed by his wife. How can we send our kidsto school now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "paonta sahib", "code": "17013858", "title": "Three-day Yamuna Sharad Mahotsava reduced to four hours; residents angry", "text": "PAONTA SAHIB: Elections notwithstanding, residents of Paonta Sahib in Sirmaur are not amused at the three day long Yamuna Sharad Mahotsava being reduced to merely four hours. People from far and wide come to attend the festival and as of now, they can't help feeling cheated. Considering that the Yamuna Sharad Mahotsava, which customarily comprises the traditional Himachali dance 'Natti', Himachali songs and performances of Punjabi artists, has been deprived of its traditional fervour, that does not come as a surprise.The Mahotsava, considered to be one of the main attractions of Paonta Sahib, was reduced to the four-hour long 'Sarv Dharam Sammelan.' The festivities were sidetracked for a prayer to the river Yamuna offered by people from diverse religions.Paonta Sahib resident Raghu Mahajan said, \"Sharad Mahotsava is of great significance for area residents, artists and even surrounding states. The mahotsava is a tourist attraction as well.\"The Mahotsava was scheduled to be held from October 29 to October 31 but was wrapped up in four hours instead, Kulwant Singh, manager of Gurudwara Shri Paonta Sahib, said. SDM, Paonta, Sandeep Dandok justified the decision saying that officials of the district administration were busy preparing for elections.Box: More on Paonta SahibSituated around 90 Kms from Chandigarh, Paonta Sahib is one of the five constituencies in Sirmaur district. The Paonta constituency has around 65,000 voters. Principal candidates from the area are Sukhram of the BJP, Onkar Singh of the Congress and Kirnesh Jang, an independent candidate. BJP candidate Sukhram won the last assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013171", "title": "Ratna Gupta fails to appear in assembly, seeks more time from HC", "text": "JAIPUR: Suspended inspector of police Ratna Gupta remained untraceable even on Monday though, as per the directive of the Rajasthan High Court, she was supposed to appear in the assembly.Ratna's sister Usha Gupta, while interacting with media persons at the high court, said that they had filed an application seeking more time from the court to appeal against the order. \"We have moved an application today and will further appeal against the court's order with a division bench. Ratna will not present herself in the assembly nor she will surrender,'' said Usha. An advocate herself, Usha said that if need be, the family will approach the Supreme Court in this matter.The high court had on Thursday asked inspector Gupta to appear in the assembly on October 29 to face breach of privilege proceedings. Gupta, who is accused of misbehaving with the members of the state assembly's Women and Child Development Committee, had ignored summons repeatedly sent by the assembly's Committee on Privileges.Gupta challenged the summons in the high court, following which the HC issued a notice to the assembly. As a conflict arose between the privileges of the legislative and the judiciary, the assembly on October 12 directed the police to arrest Gupta and produce her in the assembly and announced that the high court notice would not be replied to.A police team reached Gupta's residence on October 18 but she was found missing. Later in the day, Gupta was suspended even as her family challenged the arrest warrant against her. On Thursday, a single-judge bench of Justice Mohammad Rafiq directed the police officer to appear before the assembly secretary on October 29 with her lawyer. \"The court has given its order without waiting for the assembly's reply to the notice which was issued earlier,'' protested Usha.With Ratna did not appear before the Committee on Privileges, the members are expected to table a report against her in the next assembly session. Assembly's OSD and acting secretary Prakash Chand Pichholia said that it was not the assembly but the high court which had directed Ratna Gupta to make an appearance. \"The assembly has nothing to do with it,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013610", "title": "Now, apply for passports at speed post centres", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Passport seekers can now file their application at speed post centres in the city and 53 other locations in Odisha. The receipt of applications at speed post centres was stalled after introduction of certain changes in the registration of online passport applications by the ministry of external affairs in June.\"We have again given official codes to speed post centres by which they can accept applications. Applications for fresh passport will only be entertained at these centres,\" regional passport officer Padma Mahanti said.Recently, the Regional Passport Office (RPO) organized an orientation programme for postal officials in Bhubaneswar to acquaint them with the updated version of receiving online applications.Unlike Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) in Bhubaneswar, the speed post centres will not capture the biometric fingerprints of applicants. \"Fingerprint collection is not mandatory at the speed post centres. Applicants need to furnish matriculation certificate, birth certificate and address proof only,\" Mahanti said.The RPO used to receive around 500 passport applications from all the 54 speed post centres every month. Out of the 54 centers, only 10 or 12 speed post centres in Rourkela, Berhampur, Bhubaneswar, Balasore and Puri among few others were active. The rest were almost inactive as the RPO did not receive a single passport application from these centres. So the RPO has decided to start awareness programmes on passport service available at speed post centres as many people do not know about it.It has also decided to give a fresh lease of life to the district passport cells (DPC) in 30 districts where applicants can submit their passport forms, akin to speed post centres and PSK. Though these were established five years ago, the cells are virtually non-functional for lack of awareness among the people. The RPO receives only 70 or 75 passport applications from all the 32 DPCs every month, even though a number of applicants from several districts throng the PSK here to apply for passports everyday. As many as 16 DPCs functioning at Balangir, Boudh, Bargarh, Dhenkanal, Deogarh, Ganjam, Gajapati, Jharsuguda, Khurda, Mayurbhanj, Nayagarh, Rayagada, Rourkela, Sambalpur, Sonepur and Malkangiri have earned the dubious distinction of not receiving a single passport application in the last six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17011314", "title": "Water woes lead to mob fury", "text": "THANE: Irked by the stinking water from the taps in Mumbra-Kausa area, NCP functionary Shanu Pathan led a mob to the municipal ward office on Monday, where they damaged furniture as there was no one present to accept their complaints. Residents have also been complaining of inadequate supply. A TMC official Sanjay Sahasrabudhe said 15-year-old pipelines were being replaced, affecting water supply. \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Nitin Yeshwantrao", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17013058", "title": "Change outdated laws to reflect current reality", "text": "The only way to stop police harassment is by taking away some of the powers that the law gives cops. The set of laws that deal with twenty-first-century Mumbai was formulated decades back; some of them were enacted by colonial rulers against the colonised. The political situation and societal mores have changed beyond recognition since then but those changes are yet to find reflection in some of the rules that still govern us. There is an immediate need to rectify this anachronism.Related Story  :  Old law gives police powers to play bully", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013113", "title": "Maharashtra yet to conduct teachers eligibility test", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra has yet to introduce a teachers eligibility test (TET) of its own under the Right of Children for Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009. The TET has been provided as a qualifying benchmark for recruitment of teachers in the primary and upper primary schools.Already, the Central Teachers Eligibility Test is being conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) for recruitment of teachers for Stds I to VIII at the central government and CBSE-affiliated schools.A note reviewing the implementation of the RTE Act, 2009, in various states, put up for consideration by the Central Advisory Board of Education at its impending meeting on November 1, has highlighted the progress made so far by the states including Maharashtra.According to the note, Maharashtra is among the few states, along with Goa, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Sikkim, which has not yet introduced the TET. So far, 23 states have conducted the eligibility test. The state is also in the process of reviewing the curriculum for primary and upper primary education to make the same in tune with the RTE requirement, the note says.All the states and Union territories have notified the RTE rules, which lay down the procedures for implementation of the RTE Act. A total of 24 states have constituted the State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (SCPCR) or the Right to Education Protection Authority (REPA), which are the grievance redressal mechanisms provided for under the act. Maharashtra has preferred the SCPCR instead of REPA.Statistics provided by the note pointed out that the total number of sanctioned posts for teachers in the state is 3,38,658 and 32,746 of these posts are vacant. In all 81.66% of the 69,722 schools have RTE-compliant pupil-teacher ratio (PTR) in the state. Maharashtra's overall PTR has been pegged at 25 students per teacher, while the number of RTE-compliant PTR schools is 56,932.The state has 64,296 schools with drinking water facilities and this constitutes 92.22% of the total schools while 60,058 schools (86.14%) have ramps. Similarly, 16,542 schools have common toilets while 49,772 schools have independent toilets for girls and boys.The RTE has prescribed minimum working days and instruction hours for primary and upper primary schools. For primary schools, 200 days and 800 hours have been prescribed while the same for upper primary schools is 220 days and 1,000 hours.Ends | Vishwas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014223", "title": "21-yr-old woman jumps off DND flyover", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 21-year-old woman allegedly tried to commit suicide by jumping off the DND flyway on Monday evening. The victim was rushed to AIIMS Trauma Center where her condition is said to be critical.The incident took place around 6 pm when the woman jumped off the flyway in Sunlight colony area of southeast district. She suffered severe head injuries and multiple fractures.The cops have not been able to ascertain the cause behind her extreme step as no suicide note has been recovered. The woman, who had completed her BBA, was looking for a job and told her parents that she was going for an interview, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012998", "title": "Hurricane blows away Chennaiites\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 US plans", "text": "CHENNAI: Hurricane Sandy has hit travel plans of some Chennaiites as airlines have cancelled flights to the US. Air India, Jet Airways and Emirates- carriers preferred by a majority of US-bound passengers from Chennai - have cancelled their flights to the US as airports at Newark and New York have been closed.Air India cancelled its Mumbai-Newark and Mumbai-JFK flights on Tuesday, while Emirates cancelled its Dubai-JFK and JFK-Dubai flights on Monday and Tuesday. Jet Airways has cancelled its Brussels-JFK, JFK-Brussels flights till Tuesday.\"We have advised passengers bound for the US to wait till further information because on the east coast airports are closed because of the storm that is expected to pass the coastline south of New York. Today morning flights from Mumbai were delayed as we were waiting for confirmation about weather from New York,\" said an Air India official.The airlines have informed passengers to re-book their tickets without penalty. Travel agents received a few calls from passengers asking if they should cancel their tickets. \"I have advised them to wait and follow the instructions of airlines. Airlines will refund or rebook the tickets without additional charges,\" said Basheer Ahmed of Metro Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "fatehpur (kangra)", "code": "17013871", "title": "Hope flows by north India's only islanders", "text": "FATEHPUR (KANGRA): Fishermen Nanak Chand (37) and Kehar Thakur (42) in Himachal Pradesh's Pong Dam wetland look unusually busy with their new engagements -- to assist and ferry visiting election officials to Sath Kuther, their small \"tapu\" or island -- the only one known in north India -- in their little silhouetted country boats.Surrounded by a 1,420-feet deep Beas river that cuts them off from the rest of Kangra's Fatehpur constituency, they are among the island's 94 excited voters, keeping both candidates and poll officials occupied.Over the decades, Kuther's inhabitants have quietly collected their fish nets and parked their country boats on shorelines of the Maharana Pratap Sagar Dam, popularly known as Pong Dam.\"Like rest of our state, count us in too. But ...\" quips Nanak Chand, in a local dialect as he pauses abruptly. After an expected wait of \"another\" five years, he and his friends, however, are as much pained as they are overjoyed to see their island bustling again with loud slogans and cheerful screams.\"But problems aplenty here... Nobody wants to marry me, our men or women,\" Chand, a 37-year-old bachelor, says as he enlists Kuther's first grief to the Independent candidate Sudha Sushant.The reason: Their land, managed by Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) since 1974, is still dubbed as \"illegally occupied\" in the board's records. While the BBMB holds that the island cannot house people, its residents have been voting for the last 26 years and all have voter ID cards from the EC. The island also has candidates from all parties coming down to campaign and seek votes.Though Fatehpur constituency houses India's highest earthfill dam -- whose catchment area has the Kuther island -- due to its topography, no electricity cables have managed to reach Kuther. The dam supplies uninterrupted power to the country through its 360 MW generating unit.\"Successive governments here have only come and sought votes. New achievements of the dam were celebrated in 2005. But, nobody bothered to help us,\" says Shakti, another fisherman, recalling the dam's poignant memories.Though Shakti was lucky to find himself a partner from a 60-km faraway village, his life after marriage has seldom been trouble-free. As much as his eight-year-old daughter yearns for education, there is a hardly any school situated in the 10-km radius.The neighbouring school is in Dhameta tehsil, for which the kids have to be rowed to by their parents in their own boats. The fishing time - 5 am to 9 am and 3.30 pm to 9 pm -- allowed by the dam officials often create a problem for the parents to drop and fetch their kids. Besides, their occupation, which hardly goes beyond maize growing, rarely fetches them beyond a monthly salary of Rs 3,000.Many young men have lost hope on the state government and begun to migrate to Delhi, including 23 this year alone. However, family, permanent occupation and promises by the government often bring them back.\"But then what government is this that if, even for our daily needs, we need to travel first by water and then by land,\" rues Mukesh, a 26-year-old locksmith who doubles up as boat manufacturer.Island Sath KutherVoters | 94Male | 58Women | 36Location: Pratap Sagar (Pong Dam)Water Depth: 1430 feetReservoir length: 41.8 kmDistance from Chandigarh: 250 kmDistance from Dharamshala: 55km", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17013985", "title": "Kochi king welcomed this community with open arms", "text": "KOCHI: N Purushothama Mallaya (83) is known in Kochi's Konkani community as the man who ensured that his language was recognized as an independent language in the eighth schedule of the Constitution.Surrounded by various publications in his Mattancherry home, Mallaya recollected his verbal duels with bureaucrats and administrators so that Konkani was recognised as a language that can be taught in schools and colleges.Son of Kerala's first woman teacher N M Saraswathi Bai, Mallaya also founded the Bhasha Prachar Sabha in 1965. \"I read up a lot before I started my struggle,\" he said.Konkanis in Kochi fled Goa following the invasion by the Portuguese. \"They settled down in different parts of Karnataka and Kerala. The Zamorin did not allow them to settle as he did not want to invite the wrath of the Portuguese. So they came to Kochi. Kochi Raja welcomed the migrants into his kingdom and gave them the land to reside.The community settled down in different parts of Ernakulam and became traders. This was the beginning of our community's growth in Kochi. History knows that whenever the king was in trouble, the members of the community helped in cash and kind,\" said Mallaya.The second-largest non-Malayali community in the city are very much part and parcel of its history. The Konkanis include the Gowda Saraswath Brahmins, Kudumbis, Vaniyars and Daivajnas communities. The identity of this community rests with their language, which has evolved through the ages. Jayanthi Bai Shenoy (72) feels that her Konkani is more of a 'mankoni', a mixture of Malayalam and Konkani. Mallaya is of the view that the language that once which had a script, the Nagari script similar to Marathi, now follows nothing in particular.The similarity doesn't end with the language. Kerala and Konkani cuisine are similar thanks to the geographical similarities especially when one considers the use of coconuts and mustard-tamarind-asafoetida combinations found in simple Konkani dishes like pathrode, tendli talasani, palak upkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17015465", "title": "Justin Timberlake, Jessica Biel get clicked", "text": "The newly married couple sold the pictures of their special day to a magazine for $300,000 and here's one of them.We'd already seen Jessica's pink bridal gown but we can't get enough of nosing at other people's photos - especially ones from weddings.The Timberlakes decided they would sell the pictures to a leading magazine for $300,000, which would have gone a little way to helping out with the estimated $6.5million their Italian nuptials cost them.The couple's friends and family joined them at the Borgo Egnazia resort in Puglia where Justin serenaded Jessica as she walked down the aisle with a ballad he'd written especially for her.\"I figured if there was something I was going to be able to offer , it would be to sing her down the aisle,\" he said.\"Grown men were weeping. Hopefully it's because I didn't sound bad.\"He also said his wife's Giambattista Valli dress was \"the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.\"\u00e2\u20ac\u201d mirror.co.uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012097", "title": "Low-cost flats' allotment under scanner", "text": "BHOPAL: The Lokayukta special police establishment (SPE) has registered an FIR pertaining to major corruption in allotment of low-cost flats constructed here under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Case has been registered against 'fake' beneficiaries as well as Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officers who facilitated wrong allotments, said SPE officer.They will be charged under 13 (1) d, 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption Act (PC) - 420 and 120 of IPC. The officer refused to divulge more details including names of the accused citing that the matter was under investigation.A preliminary enquiry (PE) has revealed major irregularities and corruption in houses allotted between years 2008 to 2011.\"Nine flats were allotted to nine members of a single family! ...this case was just tip of an iceberg. We came across many more,\" said the officer.Investigations also revealed that the applicants showed division of families on papers. In one such case, a family was found to be in possession of two houses on grounds that one of their sons (18-year-old) was living in a different slum. Similarly, another beneficiary who runs a chain of restaurants in the city owns a plush bungalow at Chuna Bhatti area.It is also being alleged that some senior bureaucrats got the JNNURM houses allotted to their domestic helps -- while some others got their names recommended from the office of the ruling party.Recommendations came from political leaders, corporators, ministers and even bureaucrats, said the officer adding all those who connived for illegal allotment would come under scanner.\"What is surprising is that more slums have developed around JNNURM apartments in some places,\" said another SPE investigator pointing out major corruption in implementation of the scheme.Now to avoid repetition of the alleged scam, BMC officials claim, they are taking all possible measures to fill the loopholes. \"We are minutely checking the antecedents and income of the applicants before making the allotment,\" BMC Commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI.Presently we have shortlisted 9000 beneficiary's applicants, he said adding the corporation has finalised a fool-proof data base on merit basis. The task was not easy given that BMC had received 18,000 applications seeking ownership for the flats.Proposed low-cost houses -Shyam Nagar-Rishi Nagar - 1440Kalpana Nagar - 222Shabri Nagar, Bapu Nagar - 512Baba Nagar, Shahpura - 1872Ganga Nagar, Aradhana Nagar - 1848Indira Nagar Phase-I - 1216Indira Nagar Phase-II - 896Vajpayee Nagar - 3328Rahul Nagar, Madrasi Colony, Arjun Nagar - 3528", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17017742", "title": "LinkedIn: Hiring trends in India relatively strong", "text": "NEw DELHI: Hiring trends in India is relatively strong than other markets around the world as nearly half of employers believe the recruitment volume this year is up from 2011, a survey says.According to the LinkedIn Recruiting Trends survey with over 3,000 professionals/recruiters from the HR/Talent Acquisition department, of which 255 were from India, hiring in India remains healthy, despite global macroeconomic trends.\"Over 50 per cent say hiring volume is up from 2011; another 22 per cent say hiring are at same rate,\" the survey said adding that budgets appear to be trending in line with hiring volume growth.Meanwhile, though India appears ahead of most other countries, there is still room to improve data-driven decision-making, the LinkedIn survey said as almost 40 per cent say they are average or poor at using data to make hiring decisions.About 81 per cent of respondents agree to the fact that employer brand has a significant impact on ability to hire great talent. A whopping 90 per cent of respondents said they are either increasing or maintaining employer brand investment.India is ahead of the curve when it comes to regularly measuring employer brand. Around 50 per cent of all India-based corporate recruiting leaders measure their employer brand as against the global average of 33 per cent.Meanwhile, the two biggest obstacles to hiring top talent include competition and compensation. Respondents are worried that their competitors will invest in employer branding, improve referral programmes, and invest in new recruiting tools, the survey noted.Around 45 per cent cite quality of hire as most critical metric. The survey findings noted that internet job boards and social platforms including online professional networks are rising as quality sources to attract talent.Another leading trend in India is that most recruiters believe in the importance of passive (who are currently not actively seeking a new job) and in the pipeline talent (database of qualified, relevant candidates in anticipation of future hiring needs).As per the survey, about 65 per cent of recruiters focus on passive talent and about 87 per cent of the recruiters are engaged in pipeline talent, the survey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012807", "title": "3 beat up guard, try to rob ATM", "text": "MUMBAI: Three unidentified men barged into an Andhra Bank ATM at Mori Road, Mahim, early on Monday morning, tied up the lone security guard at the spot and tried to break the ATM open. However, they fled the spot without stealing anything.The Mahim police have registered an attempted robbery case against the unknown persons and are looking for the suspects with the help of CCTV camera footage from the scene. According to the police, around 4am on Monday, three youths entered the ATM one after another, forcibly tied the security guard inside room and tried to break open the ATM machine. Cops suspect one of the accused may have kept a watch outside the ATM and may have signalled to the others that they had been spotted, leading to their escape.The Mahim police and the city crime branch are conducting parallel investigations and suspect the handiwork of locals in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017660", "title": "Penguin, Random House confident of merger", "text": "UK-based publishing firm Pearson has expressed confidence that the planned merger between its Penguin Group and Germany-based Random House unit will receive the approval of regulatory authorities.Pearson chief financial officer Robin Freestone said that it was a complicated issue, but their advice was that the merger would be approved.Freestone, however, added that Pearson would sell 'bits and pieces' to get it through, the BBC reports.The merger between the two was announced on Monday morning.The new Penguin Random House is set to have between 25 per cent and 30 per cent of the global publishing market.According to the report, Thomas Rabe, chief executive of Bertelsmann, which owns Random House, said he considered this market share to be 'reasonable'.He added he was 'confident we would get the transaction cleared in the second half of next year'.According to the report, both companies have declined to put figures to the amount of money they will save from the merger.Meanwhile, some media reports have suggested that Rurpert Murdoch is reportedly planning to pour cold water on Penguin''s proposed merger plan by making a one billion pound cash offer for the book publisher.The head of the News Corporation, which owns the rival HarperCollins, has indicated his interest in Penguin to the directors of Pearson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17012741", "title": "New winter flight schedules to take effect", "text": "Trichy: SpiceJet which at present operates a daily service to Trichy from Chennai in the evenings will not be operating any service to Trichy from November 2, when the winter schedule takes effect.As per the new schedule, Trichy will get a total of 68 services a week, but there will only be one domestic operator- Jet Airways- from November 2, instead of two at present. A SpiceJet spokesman told TOI that it is cancelling its services from Trichy due to operational reasons.Trichy airport offers daily flights to Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Colombo and Dubai by five international operators, and the Sri Lankan and Mihin together operate 18 services a week to Colombo. \"We still need direct flights to Abu Dhabi, Kuwait and Muscat in the west, and Bangkok in the south east. These services are highly desirable now that the Trichy airport is known to the international community through the elevation of its status,\" airport director S Dharmaraj said.The winter schedule for Tiger Airways and Air Asia that operate 11 services each to Singapore and Kuala Lumpur respectively, has already taken effect from October 28 which will be in place until March 30. Tiger Airways has also added two additional services in the new schedule on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Air Asia operates twice to Kuala Lumpur except on Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays when it is restricted to a single service.Air India Express' gulf service has further nosedived in its winter schedule, and Abu Dhabi has been taken out of its route map. However, the solace is that the thrice-a-week flight to Dubai is restored to a daily service taking off from Trichy at 6.05am after arriving from Dubai at 3.25am.Interestingly, Sri Lankan and Mihin Lanka together planned to introduce four more services in its winter schedule taking its total to 22 from the present 18, but the move was given up due to the recent episode of attack on Sri Lankan nationals on Tamil Nadu soil. However, Mihin Lanka would operate thrice a week (Monday, Wednesday and Friday) to Colombo from Madurai from December 7, said a spokesman. Though SpiceJet operates daily between Colombo and Madurai, the load factor has not reached beyond 60% at present, lamented a spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013559", "title": "Finals of painting contest will be held today", "text": "MANGALORE: The final round of the Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV) drawing competition Mangalore 2012 will be held at Lions Seva Mandir, Kadri here on Tuesday. The inter-school competition is being conducted by MMV, Geneva, Swiss Foundation with local partnership of Kasturba Medical College, Dakshina Kannada District Health Department and the malaria cell of MCC as part of its massive drive to create awareness about Malaria among children.The events which is being held in phases, is coordinated by Centre for Integrated Learning, a city based NGO.The award ceremony of the event will be held on November 2 at the Town Hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012145", "title": "It's not going to be easy: Alastair Cook", "text": "MUMBAI: The England team looks caught between two camps even before the tour has begun. One camp has Kevin Pietersen who they've got to deal with, and the other has two spinners who they have never faced in the sub-continent but know this time they'll have to.Essentially, how well England deal with these two factors will determine their fate on this tour they call their 'Final Frontier'.England and Pietersen will pad up against India 'A', a team sans specialist spinners, in their first warm-up match of the tour. While back in England, many have termed this BCCI decision, of not including a spinner, as one \"lacking in style and class\", captain Alastair Cook says he or his team can't do much about it.\"We have no right to select the India 'A' team, it's not in our control,\" he said, an hour after landing here and getting a feel of the weather. It may be very similar to what the UAE had been, when England played Pakistan in a Test series and gave in disastrously to their spin attack. \"We have done a lot of work after what happened (in UAE) 12 months ago. We will continue to do that in the next two months,\" Cook said.Yuvraj Singh and Suresh Raina are at best part-time spinners and cannot be expected to test English batsmen. Knowing fully well that the hosts wouldn't be quite hospitable in this respect, Cook &amp; Co spent a week in Dubai , training in conditions similar to the ones prevailing here and facing the classy Graeme Swann in the nets, their best bet in the spin department.\"It's a huge challenge as history suggests. It is hard for an English side to win in the sub-continent,\" Cook said, referring to and England's last Test series win here in 1985. \"We are desperate to use the conditions in these three (warm-up) games and change things around,\" he added.England arrive here after having just relinquished the No. 1 spot in world Test rankings and having whitewashed India 4-0 back home last year. Cook, though, is still wary.\"History clearly shows how hard it is (to win in India). It's been so many years. That's the sort of challenge we have ahead of us and nowhere is it going to be easy,\" he says.Contrary to the general notion, England's main worry is not the spin-friendly tracks or the drama preceding the return of KP to the dressing room. Their primary concern would be bowling to a strong Indian batting line-up that usually delivers in home conditions. They can, however, take heart from the fact that India's top batsmen haven't quite fired consistently over the past 18 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012007", "title": "Mock drill at Bhopal railway station", "text": "BHOPAL: The Railway Protection Force carried out mock drill for detection of explosives and combustible goods at the Bhopal railway station on Monday.This was done keeping in view the upcoming Diwali festival and safety of passengers and goods on trains, a railway spokesman said.During the drill, explosives were hidden away which the RPF sniffer dog detected.The inspection was carried out by additional DRM Ajay Gupta. During the inspection, parcel office, booking office, all the platforms, waiting room, reservation office and station premises were inspected for explosives and combustible goods, a railway spokesman said.During inspection, the dog squad, government railway police (GRP), ticket checking and revenue collectors were involved.The exercise would continue in view of the increased rush of passengers at the railway stations, spokesman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17013093", "title": "Teen dies of dengue in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: A 19-year-old girl succumbed to dengue at Ursala Horseman Hospital here on Monday. While a total of 82 dengue have been reported from the city this season, 16 new cases were reported in the past two weeks alone.The latest victim, the third this season, was a Kalyanpur resident and had been admitted to UHM two days ago after being diagnosed with dengue. According to doctors of the hospital, Sunita's platelet count had reduced drastically and she did not show any signs of recovery even after administration of platelets and plasma.According to the doctors, rains and subsequent water-logging were initially responsible for the spurt of vector-borne diseases, but temperature variation has taken on that role now. Alarmed over the rising number of dengue cases, the state health department has issued a second dengue alert in the region.Talking to TOI, DR RP Yadav, chief medical officer of the district said the second dengue alert has been issued so that all precautionary measures to combat the renewed threat of dengue may be taken.He said all government and private hospitals have been directed to maintain a record of dengue and malaria patients and keep the CMO office regularly informed. He however maintained that the situation in Kanpur is better than other UP districts.Dr Shailendra Tiwari, physician at UHM hospital advised people to prevent stagnation of water in and around their houses. \"Dengue-causing mosquitoes breed in fresh water. Therefore, things like broken water coolers, old tyres, discarded utensils and earthen pots should be thrown away. If coping with water stagnation is difficult, spraying insecticides helps. Since the dengue mosquito bites during the day, it is best to use repellents and wear full clothes,\" added Dr Tiwari further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17011252", "title": "Fourth Marian musical in Pilar on October 31", "text": "PANAJI: Fr Filipe Neri Mendes, member of the Society of Pilar, who hails from Cavelossim, will be the main conductor for the fourth Marian musical to be held at Pilar on October 31 from 6.30pm.He will be conducting a choir of 25 priests and brothers from the Society of Pilar.As the Catholic church has already inaugurated the 'Year of Faith', the concept of the fourth Marian musical is an outcome of the proclamation of the 'Year of the Faith.'Acknowledging and appreciating the gift of Mary, who is the model of faith, the members of the Society under the able guidance of veteran musician, composer and arranger Fr Filipe Neri Mendes will be presenting hymns in Latin, Portuguese and Konkani titled 'Salve Regina', 'Virgem Pura' and 'Pau Maie.'For the first time Fr Mendes will be presenting a choir of 3-4 generations -- a group within the age bracket of 26 to 69 years.As the choir of 25 priests and brothers will be backed up by another choir of 100 faithful conducted by Fr Philip D'Souza, it will give one a glimpse of what heavens would be like where millions of angels would chant 'Salve Salve Salve Regina.' Traditional common hymns have been chosen for better participation.Filled with the pioneering spirit of St Francis Xavier , the Society of Pilar has produced great pioneering missionaries. The Marian musical is one of the pioneering ventures the Society of Pilar started four years ago.\"Each year the Marian musical witnesses original musicals, thanks to the talented Goan musicians and singers and choregraphers,\" says Fr Noel Menezes.This year the musical which has been composed by Fr Noel Menezes, has been arranged by Ignatius Rodrigues, Frazer Pacheco and Boney Alex. It will be joined by Aurville, Trisca, Lulu and Fr Noel Menezes.The entire act has been choregraphed by the Floor Fillers, school of dance from Calangute on a stage designed with light effects by Assis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013668", "title": "Govt faces all-round criticism for Jaipal Reddy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s removal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jaipal Reddy's removal from the petroleum ministry fuelled further attacks on the government from the opposition parties and India Against Corruption who alleged that he was shifted to the low-profile ministry of science and technology under corporate pressure.On a day when shares of Reliance Industries Limited rose 2% on the BSE, reflecting the almost universal assessment that Reddy's ouster spelt a big respite for the company, the BJP, the Left and anti-corruption activists came down heavily on the government for \"letting the energy giant dictate terms\".\"Is this the PM using his prerogative or is this Reliance's prerogative,\" asked IAC's Arvind Kejriwal .\"People and media are saying this was done due to the pressure of industrial groups. The government should give an answer to this,\" senior BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu said.Ruckus over Jaipal to cramp Moily?Jaipal Reddy kept his silence and did not embarrass the government a day after his move from the oil ministry. New incumbent Veerappa Moily said the government's policies would serve the entire country rather than individual companies. But many wondered if the controversy might have cramped the government's maneuvering space and reduced the scope for a radical rethink over the ministry's posture towards Reliance.Reddy had resisted RIL's pitch for revision of price of gas from KG-D6 field before 2014 when it is due and refused to accept the energy major's claims of its investments in the field at their face value.Reddy, who was smarting under what his supporters called an insult and punishment for taking on Reliance, cited loyalty to the party instead and spared the government a major embarrassment by assuming his new charge and denying that he was upset about the change. But the controversy threatened to escalate with CPM leader Brinda Karat saying \"additional vigilance\" would be required to ensure that \"Reliance does not get its way\".The CPM politburo member said, \"We can't comment on internal power equations of the Congress but Jaipal Reddy's removal from the petroleum ministry seems to be linked to corporate pressure on the UPA. He had taken a stand on the critical issue of pricing of gas which was in the country's interest. But that upset Reliance which has been mounting pressure on the government to change its policy. Jaipal did not succumb to pressure.\"She recalled that Mani Shankar Aiyar was also removed from the petroleum ministry due to corporate pressure. \"Whatever his faults in raising fuel prices, Jaipal was resisting pressure of Ambani's companies. This is a crime for the UPA government,\" said CPI leader A B Bardhan. \"In Jaipal's case, it is obvious he was removed because he was blocking the intentions of the Mukesh Ambani group. This government is run entirely to bring benefit to corporate houses. It is a government run by corporate houses and for corporate houses.\"Faced with all-round attack, Moily claimed that the government's policies would serve the entire country rather than individual companies. The new oil minister also promised to quicken decision-making, including on pending issues concerning Reliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17017935", "title": "Action against the corrupt in three months: HC to Gujrat govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has granted three months' time to the state government to take action against responsible officials in connection with swindling of amount from Rs 2 crore-pond beautification project in Mehsana town of north Gujarat.In this case, a PIL came to be filed by advocate Kamlesh Kotai highlighting corruption by authorities of the Mehsana municipality in beautification of Para Talav (pond). The PIL sought direction from the high court that investigation should be conducted in the fraud and action should be taken against responsible officers.The HC directed the government to conduct an inquiry and accordingly the district collector came up with a report showing embezzlement of public money in the beatification project. On basis of this project, an engineer was immediately suspended. Following this, the court ordered on March 15 a thorough inquiry to be conducted in three months.However, the municipal authorities did not do anything in the stipulated time. This led advocate Kotai to file a contempt petition demanding action against concerned officials. When the court initiated contempt proceedings, the government came up before the court demanding three more months for completion of action. The government told the HC that some persons have been found guilty and necessary penal and departmental action is being taken against them.After getting assurance of proper action against corrupt officials, the court gave another three months to the government to complete inquiry and action against erring officials. Meanwhile, the HC has kept the contempt petition pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012921", "title": "Police department headless for five months", "text": "BANGALORE: With the state government dilly-dallying over the appointment of a regular police chief and vacancies arising out of the retirement of second-rung officers, the 80,000-strong department faces the possibility of disruptions in chain of command.A senior police officer said though this may not be felt during day-to-day functioning, it could have serious repercussions during crises.Two top posts in the second rung of the police hierarchy are falling vacant by November-end with the retirement of ADGP (additional director general of police) ( Karnataka State Reserve Police) G Hayath and ADGP (administration) Jeevan Kumar Gaonkar. \"Two other posts, ADGP (recruitment &amp; training) and ADGP (human rights &amp; grievances), have not been filled up,\" a senior police officer said.Another officer, ADGP (internal security division) Harsha Vardhana Raju, is on long leave without pay for eight months.\"Besides these vacancies and impending retirements, Lalrokhuma Pachau, the current director general of police (criminal investigation department), is holding concurrent charge as head of the police force,\" said another senior police officer, adding, \"Many officers in the second rung and lower are waiting for promotions. This is a serious matter.\"Former DGP AR Infant, who retired on May 31, said: \"It looks like the government is waiting for developments in Supreme Court where former DGP Shankar M Bidari has challenged the Karnataka High Court order setting aside his posting. He has said his status should be restored.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011660", "title": "Bad news for flyers: Jump in air fares due to advance bookings", "text": "MUMBAI: Air fares have hit the peak a fortnight ahead of Diwali. A return fare to the city now costs anywhere between Rs 20,000 and Rs 23,000. Also, only a couple of direct flights are now available for Kolkata; the rest go either through Vishakapatnam or Bangalore.Mumbai-Chennai, a sector that remains more or less unaffected by the steep fluctuations in fares, has also seen a jump in fares. A round trip to Chennai would set travellers back by at least Rs 12,000-13,000. No direct flights are available to the most travelled Tier-II cities during Diwali-Jaipur and Lucknow. A return fare to Jaipur is now pitched at Rs 15,000-17,000; tickets to Lucknow are even dearer at Rs 21,000-25,000.\"The rise is in anticipation of a Diwali rush. Many people book one or two weeks in advance, hence fares always soar as the festival approaches. The demand has suddenly gone up closer to the festival. Also, since most people had booked in advance, there are few seats available, causing a natural rise in fares,\" said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels.Rateria said that the fares have been generally high this season. \"The fares peak during Diwali; however, this year there has been a general hike in prices due to factors like the hike in airport charges and fuel costs.\"P Lulla, director, Cupid Travels, pointed out that the absence of Kingfisher Airlines inventory in the market has caused a serious drop in the number of available seats, and consequently sent fares northward. Lulla said that the number of flyers in general has come down this year compared to the last few years, but a paucity of seats has kept the fares high.Agents, however, pointed out that travellers can cut down on the cost of fares if they choose to travel back before November 18. Air fares right after Diwali are at least 20% lower than those on the weekend. For instance, if one chooses to travel back on November 16, a Delhi-Mumbai ticket would cost Rs 5,500, thereby bringing down the round trip expenses by at least Rs 2,000. Similarly, a ticket from Jaipur to Mumbai on these dates is available for Rs 4,500, bringing the total trip cost down by at least Rs 3,000.\"The fares are low after Diwali as people won't travel till Bhaubeej. Most travellers will return by Sunday, November 18. Those who want to cut down on the travel expense can opt for those days,\" a Fort-based agent said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17014343", "title": "ECI gives clean chit to Vastanvi, finds two leaders guilty of inciting communal feelings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has given a clean chit to former Darul Uloom Deoband vice-chancellor Maulana Ghulam Mohammad Vastanvi for his speech at a Congress meeting in south Gujarat last week. But it has decided to act against two leaders after finding them guilty of inciting communal feelings during the meeting.BJP national vice-president Purshottam Rupala, who had filed the complaint accusing Vastanvi of making provocative speeches and trying to incite communal passions at the Congress minority cell meeting in Surat, was also pulled up for the language he had used in his complaint. The BJP had asked the ECI to bar Vastanvi from entering the state.\"After examining the CDs, the commission did not find it necessary to initiate any action against Vastanvi as it did not find any objectionable statement or appeal having been made by him,'' said an ECI statement.\"The commission found objectionable statement by two political leaders. The commission has asked the state electoral officer to initiate action against ...Kadir Pirzada and Maulana Faiyaz Laturi for inciting communal feelings during the meeting.\"The ECI secretary Harbans Singh's statement took exception to Rupala complaint. ``It is not for the complainant to dictate to the commission as to what action has to be taken on his complaint and the commission has taken a serious objection to the language of the letter which in a way tends to dictate to the commission what action should be taken against Vastani on his complaint.\"The statement hoped that Rupala ``will be careful in your future correspondence with the commission and will desist from making insinuation of the type that you have chosen to make in your letter under reply''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17010980", "title": "Parents, daughters killed in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A middle-aged couple and their two daughters were killed in a hit-and-run mishap on Nagpur Bhivapur road on Monday afternoon.The accident took place when the family was heading to their home at Paoni in Bhandara. Madhukar and Lata Gedekar with their daughters, Seema (8) and Ravina (6), were killed on the spot.Police said the family had been to Umrer for some official work of Madhukar. After completing the work for the whole day, the family had left home around 4pm on their bike. On their way, around 11km away from Umrer, Madhukar's bike was hit by an unidentified speeding vehicle, killing all four on the spot.The police were alerted after two youths passing through the same route found the dead bodies. Bhivapur police reached the spot and shifted the bodies to rural hospital. Angered as cops reached late at the spot, villagers blocked the road for few hours that led to tension at the spot. The bodies were later handed over to the relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012085", "title": "Two dacoits killed in police encounter", "text": "BHOPAL: The Morena district police killed two dacoits - Pappu Gurjar and his kin Nihal - in an encounter near Pahargarh village under Nihar police station - 80 km from district headquarters - on Monday evening.This encounter is considered to be the last nail in the coffin of Chambal bandits. These two were the only surviving members of the dreaded Gurjar gang, since four of their members were killed in Shivpuri two months ago, said police sources.One SLR, shot gun and several cartridges were recovered from the spot, S W Naqwi, inspector general, Chambal range told ToI.Pappu Gurjar (35), was resident of Behri village, located a few kilometres from the spot he was killed. While Pappu carried a cash reward of Rs 25,000 on his head, Rs 5000 reward was declared on Nihal. Both were wanted in more than a dozen cases including murder, loot and abduction.The encounter took place at around 3 pm after Gurjar's opened fire on the police party, said the IG. This encounter has put an end to the entire era of bandits in Chambal ravines after four of their gang members - Pappu, Ram Kishan Adivasi, Ramnath Gurjar and Ram Khiladi Gurjar - were shot dead in an encounter between Sattanwada and Subhashpura, about 20 kms from Shivpuri district , on June 26 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17011990", "title": "Flying a blue dream", "text": "BHOPAL: Seeking the adrenaline rush in the air? Now enthusiastic young and old Bhopalis alike, every Sunday would be able to fly high in the sky, literally!Parasailing adventure sport commenced at the adventure ground on the bank of Kaliasot dam from Sunday. The event saw a hefty turnout on the first day with kids and even their parents and senior citizens heartily parasailing their morning away.One of the eldest parasailers of the day was P M Soni. Aged 53, Soni made a perfect landing on the ground. \"When you go up you feel very light and it is the most wonderful experience,\" he said.Citing adventure sports as the need of the time, Soni stressed on how it should be incorporated in schools and colleges as well.\"Today's generation is heavily into TV and video games and is fast forgetting outdoor sports. Hence schools and colleges must come forward and promote these activities for their students,\" Soni said.His wife, Usha Soni, a first timer, was initially wary of the flight but after some persuasion, she gave in. \"It was just exhilarating though you do feel a bit light headed when you're initially sprinting with the parachute tied to your body,\" she said.The youngest parasailer on Sunday on the other hand was more than excited. Six year old Yuvraj Singh Darbar said after landing, \"It felt as though I was flying in a plane\"Seema Rani and her daughter Devshri were also among those who took part in parasailing on Sunday. Seema, a sub-inspector in the CID said, \"The view from above is simply breath-taking! I was lucky that the take-off and landing was neat owing to good winds.\"Her daughter Devshri, a student of IIIrd year of SISTec Bhopal , had tried the sport at Pachmarhi as well. \"I love adventure sports and was keen to try this here in Bhopal. It's great that finally enthusiasts can enjoy this sport on weekends,\" she said.\"After starting with Pachmarhi in 1999, we had no doubts about the commercial viablity of the venture here in Bhopal. Also, since this is the state capital, regular adventure tourism should be promoted here, which was sadly lacking,\" organiser, Puneet Chaturvedi, said.\"In case there is good clientele, we may just extend the timings in the evenings as well between 3 pm an sunset, when there is suitable wind direction,\" said Puneet. Currently, the activity would be held between 7 am and 12 noon every Sunday. He also plans to launch a website by next week where bookings and contact address and phone numbers would be uploaded along with photos and voids of pas events, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012499", "title": "Too many babus spoil Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation 's broth", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) appears to have become something of a rehabilitation centre. The civic body has eight sanctioned posts of additional commissioner (AC) but, as of now, there are 12 of them holding that office at the corporation. Apart from the ACs, a senior IAS officer has been serving in GHMC as a special commissioner.The financial burden aside, GHMC is also finding it difficult to provide them work. As a result, existing wings are being further split that these officers may be assigned duties. For instance, additional commissioner P Anuradha till recently used to handle both the sports and parks subjects. But after N Chandra Mohan Reddy landed at the corporation on deputation from the forest department, the parks subject was transferred to him.Incidentally, only 11 additional commissioners are working with the corporation; the twelfth, AC Venkatram Reddy, has been with the municipal administration minister M Maheedhar Reddy as officer on special duty (OSD) for some time past. However, the officer gets all facilities, including salary and vehicles, from GHMC. Additional commissioners, who work under the commissioner, are overall in-charge of subjects like planning, finance, health and sanitation. They supervise works and schemes and also take key decisions pertaining to these subjects, including implementation, with the approval of the commissioner.Most additional commissioners have little to do as the subjects allotted to them are quite limited in scope. Until a couple of months back, an AC use to handle administration, legal and election subjects. However, to give some work to the ACs, three ACs have been given one subject each, while two ACs have two subjects each with another AC handling the election beat.\"There is no necessity for a separate AC for works as two top engineering officials - engineer-in-chief (projects) and chief engineer (maintenance) - are handling the subject,\" an official said.Similarly, advertisement and electricity used to be handled by ACs along with other subjects. But to 'accommodate' an officer, who is the husband of an MLA, the zonal commissioner, East Zone, was brought to the head office.As municipal AC posts are considerably remunerative, officers generally do not want to leave the corporation after having joined it. An AC, M Rajeshwara Rao, was shunted out to his parent body, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department in September by the commissioner for some reasons, but the officer got a stay order from the administrative tribunal. Just to give him work, he was given the 'legal' department.\"The state government is sending officers on deputation to the corporation without any request from the civic body. The officers who seek deputation claim that GHMC requires more officers, especially following the formation of Greater Hyderabad. However, there is no requirement of ACs as majority of the subjects had been delegated to zonal officers and circle-level officers,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jalandhar/faridkot", "code": "17013786", "title": "Faridkot abduction: Girl found pregnant, rape charges slapped on accused", "text": "JALANDHAR/FARIDKOT: Faridkot police on Monday slapped rape charges on Nishan Singh after it medical tests revealed that the minor girl he had kidnapped was four-week pregnant.Tests on the 15-year-old girl, who has been staying at Jalandhar-based Nari Niketan after refusing to accompany her parents home, were run on Sunday night. She was taken to the Faridkot medical college after she complained of illness.The minor girl was rescued from Goa and Nishan Singh was arrested on October 21, almost a month after her abduction from her home in Faridkot on September 24. Meanwhile, the girl's parents met her for over an hour on Monday and later the girl also met Jalandhar commissioner of police Gaurav Yadav. Apart from the girl's parents, her sister and uncle also met her. It is learnt that apart from emotional exchange, the family also tried to counsel the girl. After meeting her, the family along with two members of Gundagardi Virodhi Action Committee Shaminder Singh and Gurdit Singh also met Yadav. The family told Yadav that they wanted their daughter back at their home.Meanwhile, Yadav said the family and action committee had been told that police were committed to prosecute the accused. He said Jalandhar police would be working with the family to facilitate the girl's reunion with them and that she was being continuously counselled.It is learnt that the state government has given Jalandhar police the responsibility of handling the issue and to reconcile the situation as the government and police have already drawn a lot of flak especially after the initial follies by senior police officers of Faridkot, including DIG Param Raj Singh Umranangal, for revealing the girl's identity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17014013", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation awaits instructions to begin metro reconstruction works", "text": "KOCHI: There is uncertainty whether Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will begin the reconstruction activities at North ROB site once the side bays are finished. The metro authority was all set to demolish the main carriage way as soon after they opened the newly-constructed side bays, but controversies surrounding the project had raised questions whether DMRC will go ahead with the metro project.DMRC said that they would demolish the main carriage way, but needs further instructions to begin reconstruction works. \"The elevated structure of metro has to be built in place of the main carriage way. Even though the initial plan was to carry on with the work, now we need more clarity. The elevated path is part of the main project,\" said DMRC spokesperson. The authority said they would complete preparatory works they had undertaken and this includes construction of the Salim Rajan RoB. They side bays of North ROB are expected to be complete by November 15It is pointed out that had there been no controversies, DMRC would have proceeded with their original plan. Soon after completing the preparatory works, the plan was to begin construction of the coach depot at Muttam.Simultaneously, DMRC would have proceeded with the process of inviting tenders to construct the elevated path from Aluva to Jawaharlal Nehru international stadium. Also there were plans to widen Banerjee Road and M G Road.\"E Sreedharan wanted to carry out the widening and construction activities along M G Road at the same time. This was because he did not want to impose traffic diversions twice. DMRC was to begin work when the land was handed over,\" said a senior official. He added that since the urban development ministry had hinted that the metro authority is already overburdened with present projects, DMRC would focus on completing them rather than taking up new ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17015330", "title": "It feels like a dream: Fardeen Khan", "text": "The surge in malaria and dengue cases has prompted the actor to keep Natasha and his babies safe in LondonSeven years after they got hitched, Fardeen Khan and Natasha are expecting twins anytime in April. However, with Natasha already in London and more importantly, the wave of dengue , malaria and typhoid riding Mumbai, the proud papa-to-be is in no hurry to return to maximum city. He'd rather have his babies born in London.Talking to us from London, Fardeen said, \"We've waited very long for this. Both of us are naturally very excited. Parenthood is a natural progression in a couple's married life. It feels like a dream. However, Natasha can't travel in her condition. So it's wise to let her stay in London. Secondly, I don't want her or the twins in Mumbai at the moment, what with dengue, malaria and typhoid going around. I feel they're better off here. My wife and the twins will travel back only when the twins are strong enough to make that journey.\"Natasha has been in London with her mom, actress Mumtaz, since November last year. Fardeen, who has been travelling back and forth between Mumbai and London, will be back in India at the end of November. With his wife feeling safe and secure with her mom, Fardeen doesn't have to worry about her while he is in Mumbai.Said the actor, \"It's been a very hectic time. Natsasha has just undergone the three-month scan and since the doctors said all was fine, I tweeted about the twins. Ever since my tweet, we've been flooded with congratulatory calls. It feels great. We both prayed very hard for this. Now that it's finally coming true, please pray for everything to go well.\"While Fardeen's current focus is solely Natasha and the twins, the actor also plans to restart his father's banner FK International. \"There are three projects on the anvil. I realise it's about time I resumed my father's banner. But as of now, even when I am back in India, I am mentally still in London. Until the babies arrive, I can't think of anything else,\" he said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17011927", "title": "Investors looking at MP to beat recession: Sushma", "text": "INDORE: Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj on Monday said Madhya Pradesh has now emerged on global map and people from across the globe are looking at the as a place with opportunities that can help them come out of recession. \"It is evident from the large turnout of investors from India and aboard at the Global Investors' Summit (GIS) in times of recession,\" said Swaraj while speaking on the second day of GIS in Indore.She said the state has emerged a favourable investment destination mainly because of foresight and vision of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Investment requires speedy and transparent clearance of projects, infrastructure and favourable condition for business. \"In all this respect, MP is favourable for investors,\" said Swaraj.She also suggested the state government to form separate department for religious tourism. Swaraj said state could earn more revenue from religious tourism then from other form of tourism.Projecting the state as big consumer market, rural development minister Gopal Bhargav said with the road connectivity of villages with cities, all villages of the state are now connected with consumer market. \"Now, industry can take their products to villages,\" Bhargav said, adding that connecting villages with roads has also checked migration of people from rural areas to urban areas.Industry minister Kailash Vijaywargiya highlighted the transformation of state from a tribal and backward state to fastest growing state of the country. \"Earlier tribal and tiger were the only identity of state. Today, the state has carved a place for itself in almost every sector,\" Vijaywargiya said, adding that state has to offer something to every sector of industry.MP Sumitra Mahajan Indore is only city with prestigious institutes like IIM and IIT. \"We have wonderful educational institutions and huge skilled manpower,\" said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17011553", "title": "It'll be Services vs Railways again at National Boxing Championship", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the last 58 editions Services and Railways held a vise-like grip on the men's Senior National Boxing Championship. While Services claimed the maximum overall titles, Railways, who remained unbeaten for the last four years, have claimed the top honours on eight occasions.And as the 59th edition unfurls on the historic Fateh Maidan ground at the Lal Bahadur Stadium, it is highly unlikely that even talented pugilists from Haryana and the All India Police can break the stranglehold of these two giants of Indian boxing.Ace boxing coach Gurbaksh Singh Sandhu predicts a tough fight between these two teams. Ditto with Railways coach Jaydev Bisht. Surprisingly, Services coach Narendra Rana, who arrived here with a formidable outfit, begs to differ. Rana believes that Haryana and Police can upset the applecart of these two top teams.Despite the absence of famous boxers like Devendro Singh and Suranjoy Singh, Services, who have two Asian Games silver medalists in Santosh Kumar and Manpreet Singh and Commonwealth Games gold medalist Nanao Singh in their ranks appear to enjoy a little edge over other teams.\"It will be a close fight between our team and Railways. We came close to winning but missed the overall title for the last four years. But this time we are confident of getting the better of Railways. I think even the Haryana and Police teams are strong. We never know, they are also capable of upsetting our calculations,\" Rana said.Railways, who are missing the services of Olympian Manoj Kumar , are banking on CWG bronze medalist Amandeep Singh, Sunil Singh, Kuldeep Singh, Jasbir Singh and multiple national champion Dilbag Singh. Dilbag, who had won the title in the 69 kg over half-a-dozen times, is the most popular boxer at the Nationals.\"We know Services will be keen to reclaim the title. But that is not going to be easy,\" Dronacharya awardee Bisht said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012689", "title": "Nitin Gadkari to address cane farmers' rally in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Attack of team Kejirwal and media reports alleging his company of wrongdoing notwithstanding and his second stint as national Bharatiya Janata Party chief in a limbo, Nitin Gadkari along with his predecessor former chief minister Rajnath Singh will be addressing a BJP-sponsored ganna kisan mahapanchayat on November 5.Aimed at raking up the issue of sugarcane dues at most places in the state, BJP's UP unit has decided to hold the ganna kisan panchayat a few kilometres (six, to be precise) away from the former Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) chief late Mahendra Singh Tikait's village, Sisauli, in Muzaffarnagar.Though the party leaders are making tall claims of gathering over 30,000 sugarcane farmers mainly from west UP, insiders believe it would not be possible near Tikait's citadel without convincing his son and present BKU chief Rakesh Singh Tikait.A section of BJP leaders, however, confirmed that Tikait has agreed to support the BJP rally keeping in mind the cause of the sugarcane farmers, which has long been ignored by successive state governments.Another section of BJP leaders and workers, however, is still skeptical about the success of the rally in the wake of controversy surrounding party chief Gadkari. In fact, they really are not sure if Gadkari would at all turn up to address the ganna kisan mahapanchayat.A senior BJP leader rubbished the fear of a section of the party leaders and said when the national BJP chief could attend an election rally at Una in Himachal Pradesh on Monday, \"I don't see any reason why he cannot address the kisan mahapanchayat.\"Addressing the rally at Una, Gadkari had said he would be filing a defamation suit against those who have tried to bring bad name to him. Reply to all allegations leveled against him would given at the right opportunity, Gadkari had added.Another leader said till the time Gadkari is BJP chief, there is no doubt over his attending the kisan rally. State BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi also confirmed to TOI that the mahapanchayat is very much on and will be addressed by Gadkari and Rajnath Singh. It will be a huge rally, claimed Bajpayi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012878", "title": "City to finally be free of garbage dumps", "text": "CHENNAI: The city's notorious and highly toxic dump yards at Kodungaiyur and Perungudi will finally be closed. Garbage from Chennai will be disposed of in four places in Malaipattu, Minjur, Vallur and Kuthambakkam villages where the corporation plans to set up waste management systems.Chennai Corporation's council on Monday approved the decision to request the government to allot four plots of land in these villages.\"We have already made a request to the government. It is satisfied with the idea, and are likely to transfer the land to us soon,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan. The four plots ranging from 20 acres to 99 acres were identified over the past six months with the help of the Sriperambadur, Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram collectors.Corporation officials said the civic body would acquire equipment to recycle and compost the garbage. The two large dump yards will be closed within 18 months with scientific methods to prevent leakage of poisonous substances or long-term damage to the areas nearby, the officials said.Residents of localities around Kodungaiyur and Perungudi dump yards, who have vehemently protested against the corporation offloading tonnes of waste in their backyards every day, were relieved to hear that the corporation has found landfill sites to dispose garbage outside the city.Even as the mayor announced the project, hundreds of residents from Kodungaiyur were holding their latest protest on Tondiarpet High Road near the Kodungaiyur dump yard. They formed a human chain to protest against the continuous dumping of waste in the area. They said breathing poisonous gases for the past 20 years had irrevocably damaged their health.Suhashini Mahalingam, who lives in Kodungaiyur, said residents of localities around the dump yard complain of eye pain every time garbage is burnt. \"So many of us have breathing problems. We are scared to even drive past a garbage loaded van, fearing that the dirt will fall on us,\" she said.Residents of Perungudi said they were happy with the corporation's decision, but hope the civic body would stick to its promise. \"Corporation officials have been talking about this from April, and the project is still not finalised. I am scared of rejoicing too early,\" said F Sumathi, who lives in Krishna Nagar, near the Perungudi dump yard. \"The groundwater will also never return to its original quality.\"Environmentalists also have reason to cheer, because the Perungudi dumpyard had spilled over to the Pallikaranai marshland, severely polluting the ground water and affecting its fragile ecosystem. Officials said they chose plots outside the city because they needed large tracts of land in sparsely populated areas. \"We wanted land without educational institutions or residential areas close by. So we had to look for suitable sites outside the city,\" a former official said.The process of setting up the waste management plant and closing the two dump yards is likely to begin soon, mayor Saidai Duraisamy said during the monthly council meet on Monday. Shortlisted companies for both projects will receive tenders by the end of this week after which they can make final bids, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012776", "title": "2 arrested for murder of boy in pawn shop", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have picked up two men in connection with Thursday's murder of a 14-year-old assistant at a pawnbroker's shop in Madipakkam. Investigators said both suspects, in their 20s, have been charged with the murder of Madhan Singh.The main accused, who planned the murder to loot jewellery and repay outstanding debts, made regular transactions at the pawnbroker's shop.The suspects entered the shop even as people milled around outside on busy Bazaar Road and slit the throat of pawnbroker Mohan Lal's assistant, Madhan Singh, and looted jewellery worth 20 lakh and a security camera in a carefully planned robbery.Police sources said they found vital clues in records of recent transactions at the pawn shop. Police said the man they believe masterminded the crime had been selling stolen jewellery at the pawn shop for more than a year. Police had recovered stolen jewellery from the shop while probing burglaries prior to the murder.\"The main accused had to repay a large amount of money to creditors,\" the officer said. \"Since he was a regular customer, he knew where the CCTV camera was located.\"The robbers planned to strike when the shop owner was away and Madhan Singh was alone in the shop. \"He hatched the plot with a friend,\" the officer said. They put the plan into action as soon as Mohan Lal left the shop to go to a hospital after taking ill on Thursday.\" The robbers executed the crime with clinical efficiency, making away with 2.8kg of gold, 1kg of silver and 1 lakh in cash.But investigators used information in the pawnbroker's account books to narrow down on the main suspect and got another break when they found a bloodstained pair of trousers and a shirt he had discarded near Velachery while changing his clothes after the robbery. The robbers were planning to escape out of the city when police arrested them.The murder was discovered around 5pm, when a customer entered the shop and found Madhan's body. The assailants had by then vanished with the contents of a locker in the shop. Madhan, a distant relative of Mohan Lal, had come to the city six months ago to help run the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013535", "title": "National honour for Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation's e-services", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation's e-governance delivery system for citizens has drawn national attention.Sam Pitroda, who is special advisor to the Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations, has selected Bhubaneswar for Janaagraha Urban G2C (government-to-citizen) Awards. Also among the shortlisted are 28 domestic and seven international cities. Pitroda is the jury head.\"We were surprised after we got an invite to receive the award on October 31. Our revamped website delivers high-quality e-governance to citizens,\" said Sanjib Kumar Mishra, commissioner, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC). Mayor A N Jena will attend the function and receive the award.Though the website, www.bmc.gov.in, was launched long back, it got a facelift in March 2011. Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation engaged CSM Technologies Private Limited to redevelop the website.\"Website is the face of any organization. We have added a host of citizen-centric features, online services and grievance addressal mechanism on the website,\" said Siddharth Pujari, principal consultant of IT-PMU, BMC's information technology project management unit.The parameters considered during selection are transparency and accountability, online services, citizen voice, user experience and website outcomes. A four-member jury, headed by Pitroda, evaluated the e-governance system of BMC.Bangalore-based voluntary organization Janaagraha, working on urban transformation in India, will present the award to those cities for developing citizen-centric websites in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17012909", "title": "Patnaites go travelling during holidays", "text": "PATNA: The Dussehra-Eid holiday spawned a significant increase in the number of Patnaites travelling to their favourite destinations in India and abroad. And many have booked tour packages for the forthcoming winter vacations.According to Cox &amp; Kings' Patna franchisee Shailesh Kumar, there is approximately 20% rise in the number of tourists originating from the city during vacations. \"People in Patna mostly opt for domestic packages for tours to, say, Himachal and Sikkim ,\" he said.The minimum cost involved in international packages ranges from Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000 per individual for places like Thailand, Singapore, Bangkok and Mauritius which, according to Kumar, are the popular choices of Patnaites. Quite a few bookings have already been made for Christmas and New Year holidays.To many, vacations are an opportunity to visit new places, meet new people, know about different cultures and return rejuvenated with beautiful memories. According to Indian Tourist Bureau's Rajesh Kumar, couples, especially newlyweds, take off any time but families wait for vacations. This time Dussehra and Eid holidays were over a week long and many people went to Nepal, Darjeeling, Gangtok , Himachal Pradesh , Kochi and Goa in India and Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia abroad, he said and added families mostly preferred budget packages that included accommodation in a 2 or 3-star hotel, meals, train fares and sightseeing.Many plan vacations beforehand and save a few bucks. These days many people plan tours in advance which makes it very affordable. They book for winter break in August-September and March trips in October-November. Mamta Travels' Akhilesh Jha told TOI many of their patrons had already made bookings for Kochi, Goa and Port Blair during the winter break.Super Travels' Raman Jha estimates the number of travellers go up 50% due to vacations in schools and colleges. \"Many people avail of their LTC (leave travel concession) facility during this time, but destinations are mostly decided by children,\" he said and added Singapore, Hong Kong and Macau were some of the favourite foreign destinations of Patnaites.Some people also go for religious trips during the festive season. Rita, a resident of Kurji, visited Haridwar, Mumbai and Shirdi with her family during the Dussehra vacation. \"We planned a10-day trip as my younger son's school was closed. My elder son, who studies in Jaipur, also joined us in Delhi. We worshipped the deities and also enjoyed the travelling since all of us were together,\" she said.The eye-soothing shores of Goa also beckon many Biharis. Says Sneha Kapoor, a homemaker residing in Patliputra Colony, \"Both my husband and I like travelling and plan our trips around our daughter's school holiday. Till now I've been to quite a few places in India but Goa is... wow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012688", "title": "Vijayakanth too tries to meet Jaya", "text": "CHENNAI: Faced with a revolt in his party, DMDK chief Vijayakanth on Monday petitioned speaker P Dhanapal, seeking an appointment to meet CM J Jayalalithaa along with his MLAs. The move is seen as a counter to Jayalalithaa granting an audience to four disgruntled DMDK legislators, who met her last week on the pretext of seeking development works in their constituencies.Soon after the opening day's proceedings of the monsoon session ended, DMDK MLAs went into a huddle, and later turned up at the speaker's chamber and submitted the petition.DMDK whip J Chandrakumar told reporters that if given an appointment, the group led by Vijayakanth will meet the chief minister to discuss welfare issues concerning their constituencies. \"If the chief minister can meet a few of our MLAs, then she can give an appointment to our leader and other MLAs as well,\" he told TOI.Accusing the AIADMK of trying to divert attention from major issues facing the state by creating confusion in his party, Chandrakumar said, \"They know the opposition will definitely raise issues such as law and order problems, power crisis and the rising cases of dengue. But people are watching everything.\" In Tamil Nadu , it is not common for MLAs of a rival party to call on the chief minister. But Vijayakanth's decision is seen as a political move to forestall more of his party legislators meeting the CM and \"expose their real intentions to the public\", said a DMDK leader. Party seniors described as \"clever strategy\" Vijayakanth's decision to include in the delegation two MLAs whose names figured among those expected to meet the CM.\"Now the CM can't meet other MLAs without meeting our leader,\" pointed out a senior leader. The first signs of rebellion in the DMDK became apparent when two of its legislators, R Sundararajan and K Tamil Azhagan, met Jayalalithaa on October 26 and sought her help to implement various development projects in their constituencies. A day later, two more MLAs, S Michael Rayappan and actor-film producer Arun Pandian, met Jayalalithaa on the same pretext, triggering rumours about further erosion of MLAs from the main opposition party. On Saturday, an annoyed Vijayakanth lost his cool when the media asked him about the rebellion. On Sunday, police registered a criminal case against him for intimidating a senior journalist.Vijayakanth had dubbed the poaching of his party MLAs as a drama enacted by the ruling AIADMK and that he would soon script its climax. Jayalalithaa and Vijayakant were earlier this year involved in a direct face-off on the floor of the assembly, prompting the AIADMK supremo to say she regretted tying up with the DMDK for the 2011 assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17013950", "title": "Hazaribag blockade for road repair", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Hundreds of residents of the town blocked Korra Chowk near St Columbas College for over three hours on Monday to press the demand for immediate repair of the road. Korra Chowk in the junction of NH-33 and NH-100 and is in a very bad condition for almost a year now.The residents said people living near the junction could hardly open windows and doors of their houses because of dust and pollution. They alleged that a stretch of less than a kilometer could not be completed because of utter negligence of the road construction department and contractors.Several doctors, advocates and professors who reside in the area alleged that after completing the earth work of the road, the contractor disappeared about a year ago without completing the black-topping, forcing the people to face inconvenience. \"We have complained to the higher authorities but nothing has been done except getting assurances,\" said Rajesh Kumar citing reasons for their agitation.Police sources said traffic on this section remained paralyzed for more than three hours causing great inconvenience to college students, advocates, doctors and passengers of Bishnugarh, Bagodar and Dhanbad as the vehicles could not ply.The blockade was lifted after the officer in-charge of Sadar police station assured the agitators to take up the matter with the authorities and ensure the repair of the road at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17013213", "title": "'Chandresh Kumari's portfolio relevant to Rajasthan'", "text": "JODHPUR: Jodhpur MP Chandresh Kumari Katoch's elevation as Union cabinet minister has hardly left anyone excited in her constituency, thanks to her prolonged absence from the city.Though many Congress leaders believe that since it is still a long time to go for Lok Sabha elections, she will be able to do some work as Union minister for culture. The portfolio given to her has lot of potential for Jodhpur in particular and Rajasthan in general. However, they are suspicious about her fascination for Himachal Pradesh, the state where she has been in active politics for four decades.\"She was readily available in Jodhpur during the campaigning of the general elections of 2009 but once she won the election with a margin of 98,329, she hardly made any public appearance in Jodhpur. Even the Rajput community, for which she was brought to woo in Jodhpur, is not entirely with her today,\" said a senior Congress worker.Though the Congress workers admit her not being so active in Jodhpur compared to her role in Himachal Pradesh, they attribute it to the city being home town of chief minister Ashok Gehlot . \"His dominance in Jodhpur has always driven her away from the city's politics. Even as MP candidate, she was the choice of 10, Janpath,\" said a Congress leader.However, president of Jodhpur City Congress Ansari says that she tries to attend party meetings in Jodhpur whenever possible. Interestingly, it is the MP from Pali, Badri Ram Jakhar , who is seen regularly in every meetings of Gehlot in Jodhpur. He is the favoured candidate of Gehlot and hardly remain available in Pali.But as an MP, she has remained active in Parliament mostly in the capacity of chairperson of National Committee for Women Empowerment. She raised issues on atrocities on women and children and substantially contributed to the passing of Protection of Children from Sexual Abuse Bill - 2012.She also raised issues related to rail network in Jodhpur and advocated the need for including Jodhpur in the Jawahar Lal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. She raised the issue of providing water from Bhakra-Beas Management Board to Rajasthan, and also raised issues of interests in Himachal Pradesh like declaring Yol cantonment area in Kangra as a civil area.She had also contributed to the hike in compensation to the farmers whose land was acquired for IIT-Jodhpur but many say this was because those farmers were from Rajput community. She had pledged to sit on dharna with them if she had failed to get this hike.Former MP ( BJP ) Jaswant Singh Bishnoi says that the role of an MP is assessed by her activism in Parliament more than in his constituency. \"Now as a minister, she has more power than those of an MP and it is the testing time for her,\" Bishnoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "itanagarr", "code": "17014080", "title": "Day-long bandh costs Arunachal Rs 10 cr", "text": "ITANAGARr: Irked over the frequent bandh calls in Arunachal Pradesh , a conglomeration of district and state-level organizations have vowed to minimize bandhs in the state capital and other parts of the state.A meeting convened here on Sunday by the Nyishi Elite Society (NES) which was participated by All Nyishi Students Union (ANSU) and All Nyishi Youths Association (ANYA) besides leaders of capital-based NGOs, market committees, student unions and transport unions declared the bandh culture a \"social menace, anti-people and anti-development.\"The participants advocated using other options to register protests and said bandhs should be enforced only as a last resort, a press release said here on Tuesday.It was also decided that all the Itanagar-based organisations, NGOs, unions, markets and sector committees would henceforth cooperate with and assist law enforcement agencies to nail criminals.The conglomeration has urged the state government to earmark a venue, preferably at IG Park or Rajiv Gandhi stadium, for registering peaceful protests in the form of hunger strikes, dharnas, etc, after obtaining permission from the authorities concerned. They also urged the government to establish a public grievances redressal cell headed by a cabinet minister as its chairman.In view of frequent bandh calls in the capital, a standing committee comprising the presidents and general secretaries of market welfare committees, recognized NGOs, associations and unions of the Capital Complex has been constituted, the release said.It is relevant to mention here that Arunachal incurred a loss of Rs 1,142 crore annually following bandhs sponsored by various organizations, besides neighbouring Assam.\"A bandh call for one day culminates to a loss of Rs 10 crore to the state,\" Rajiv Gandhi University (RGU) associate professor of economics Lijum Nochi said here recently.\"Transporters face at least two to three bandh calls before reaching Arunachal,\" he pointed out, adding any individual in the state had to pay an amount of Rs 6,000 extra per annum due to bandh calls in the region. This amount, when taken together for the entire state, comes to a total of Rs 720 crore annually.He had stated that the state's plan and non-plan expenditure, constituting the state government's capital expenditure, was around Rs 985.52 crore and Rs 24.81 crore respectively.\"Taking up the argument of a 30 per cent hike in transportation cost due to bandh calls, the state government pays more than Rs 300 crore annually in addition to the original cost,\" he had said and added that the state was losing an amount of Rs 1,142 crore annually for nothing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013188", "title": "Cabinet reshuffle: Congress leaders in rajasthan caught unaware", "text": "JAIPUR: The Union cabinet reshuffle on Sunday sprung many surprises for the Congressmen in Rajasthan. Besides the unexpected induction of Chandresh Kumari and Lal Chand Kataria as union ministers, the biggest surprise, the party men believe, was that the state leadership came across as completely unaware about who from Rajasthan was being included in the new ministry.The buzz among the Congressmen on Monday was that probably for the first time even chief minister Ashok Gehlot had hardly any clue about Kumari or Kataria being considered by the party high command. Sources claimed the chief minister had in fact camped his loyalist Barmer MP Harish Chaudhary in New Delhi ahead of the reshuffle believing that the latter being in the Rahul Gandhi team would be made a minister. The partymen even took Kumari and Kataria's induction as a jolt for Gehlot, as neither could be considered to be from his loyalist camp.The state leadership's unawareness was highlighted from the fact that the Jaipur rural MP was summoned to Delhi for the oath ceremony at the eleventh hour. A close relative of Kataria said the MP rushed to Delhi late Saturday night after being woken up by a phone call from a Rajasthan's Union minister.Sikar MP Mahadev Singh Khandela's expulsion from the union ministry was anticipated much early, but his replacement was largely seen to be coming from among the Congress MPs of Marwar or Shekhawati regions-the Jat community's strongholds. Nagaur MP Jyoti Mirdha, Pali MP Badri Ram Jakhar , Jhunjhunu MP Sis Ram Ola and Rajya Sabha MP Narendra Budania were the choices before the Congress leadership to meet the community's expectations. However, not only hot favourite Mirdha from Marwar was denied the ministerial berth, Shekhawati region too drew a blank-probably for the first time-in the Union cabinet.Congress state president Chandrabhan, who is also a Jat from Shekhawati, however, justified the party high command decision. \"Congress has always given enough representation to Jats in the union ministry. The party takes equal care of all castes and communities,\" he replied, on being asked if the community was peeved at none of its MPs getting a cabinet portfolio in the reshuffle.Shekhawati's Jat Congress leader and Rajasthan Kisan Aayog president Narayan Singh, though, said the Rajput community got \"more representation\" in the Union cabinet. Among the 35 Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha members from Rajasthan, the Jats have seven MPs, while the Rajputs have five MPs and the Brahmins have four. Despite having the maximum number of parliamentarians from the state, the Jats have just one minister in the Union cabinet, while the Rajputs and the Brahmins have two ministers each.\"It is unfortunate that such a strong community (Jats) has hardly got any representation in Union cabinet. The Congress makes huge claims about social engineering, but has failed on this aspect,\" BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi said.The Congress Jats voiced their anguish in a hushed manner also about the party high command apparently thrusting an 'ineffective' leadership upon their community while sidelining its strongmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17013898", "title": "Protest against Kinfra's land acquisition move", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Villagers of the grama panchayats of Thuravoor and Kuthiyathodu took out a march to the collectorate here on Monday against the government's move to acquire their land for setting up an industrial park promoted by Kinfra (Kerala industrial infrastructure development corporation).The Kudiyozhippickal Virudha Janakeeya Samithy organized the march in which many elderly people, women and children also took part.Samsthana Janakeeya Prathirodha Samithy district president Mathew Velangadan inaugurated the march.Fr Augustine Vattoli delivered the keynote address. Moolampilly Samara Samithy convener Francis Kalathunkal presided over the protest meet.The programme did not affect the normal functioning of the collectorate.The villagers said they were not ready to surrender their land whatever the rehabilitation package might be.\"Kinfra has identified 79 acres in Thuravoor and 47 acres in Kuthiyathodu for setting up the park. Nearly 153 families face eviction. The land identified also includes 52 acres of paddy fields. The chief secretary has already issued a directive to the local bodies to exempt wetland from the project. However, Kinfra is not ready to execute the chief secretary's order. At the Emerging Kerala summit, Kinfra had presented the Thuravoor Park project,\" said Francis Kalathunkal.\"The GO for acquiring the land for the project was issued on July 2, 2010. Though the district administration has promised us a handsome rehabilitation package, we do not trust them. Five years ago, 316 families in Moolampilly (in Ernakulam) were evicted for the Vallarpadom international container transshipment terminal project. The government, to date, has rehabilitated only 16 of those families,\" said S P Shali, convener, Kudiyozhippickal Virudha Janakeeya Samithy.\"A majority of those whose land will be acquired are farmers. They depend on paddy fields for their livelihood. We will not allow Kinfra to set up the project in our land,\" said a villager.District collector P Venugopal said the government was ready to rehabilitate all the families that will be evicted.\"After the march the protestors met me. I have ensured them a very good rehabilitation package,\" the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17016930", "title": "Mukund hits attacking fifty against England", "text": "MUMBAI: Opener Abhinav Mukund scored an attacking half-century after an unconvincing start to pilot India A to 113/3 at lunch on day one of their three-day match against the touring England side on Tuesday.The left-handed opener played a few streaky shots, including a boundary through the slip cordon off the first ball of the match from James Anderson , before growing in confidence, once the Brabourne Stadium wicket eased out a bit.Once settled after the initial sluggishness, Mukund dished out more authentic-looking shots before getting out on the stroke of lunch to Graeme Swann for 73 that included 16 hits to the fence.The other two batsmen out in the pre-lunch session were Murali Vijay for seven and one-drop Ajinkya Rahane for four. Both faced 19 balls apiece. Vijay was run out going for a sharp single while Rahane was dismissed by a short, rising ball to his rib cage.At lunch Yuvraj Singh, lucky to be dropped off the first ball he faced, was not out on 27 off 28 balls. He had struck five fours, most of them to the straight field, and a six over long off off Samit Patel just before the break.Mukund, who had survived a confident shout for leg before off Anderson in the first over, was out in the last over before the break when he flicked off spinner Swann off the back foot only to find Ian Bell at short-leg who took a smart catch.Earlier opting to bat after skipper Suresh Raina won the toss, India A lost Vijay (7 in 19 balls) early as he paid the penalty for trying to steal a run right under the nose of the rival bowler Tim Bresnan .The opening pair put on 25 runs against the three-pronged English pace attack of Anderson, Steven Finn and Bresnan.After Vijay's departure within the first hour, Mukund was joined by Rahane, who too was circumspect like Vijay.Rahane struck an off-driven four off Bresnan, who got his revenge on the batsman in the next over with a short ball which the batsman fended to the slip cordon where Kevin Pietersen ran backwards a few steps to take the dolly.Prior to Rahane's dismissal, Mukund slashed the tall Finn for successive fours and then on-drove the bowler for another boundary in the same over.After Yuvraj Singh joined Mukund at the fall of Rahane's wicket, the opener clipped Bresnan off his toes for two fours in successive balls and then drove him to the straight boundary on the third. Yuvraj had off driven the bowler for a four before Mukund's all-out attack that also helped the batsman reach his 50 in 57 balls with 12 hits to the fence.Yuvraj, who had a torrid time in England against the same opposition in the previous Test series in 2011, could have been out first ball had not Samit Patel dropped his flick at square leg off Bresnan.Anderson was used in three spells while Finn bowled two before the interval. Off spinner Graeme Swann, expected to play a major role for his side in the series, bowled 4.5 overs after coming on to bowl in the second hour of play and got rid off Mukund.Just before lunch left-arm spinner Patel was brought on but conceded two fours to Yuvraj in his first two balls and then a six off the last.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013092", "title": "Man posing as CBI officer held", "text": "PUNE: A 39-year-old man was arrested on Monday for posing as a CBI officer and threatening a bank employee and his family besides robbing them of a cell phone. The incident happened in Dhankawadi on October 21.Police said the suspect, Abhay Vinayak Bansode, is a resident of Boradi Mala in Ahmednagar. He is an alcoholic and is suspected to have been involved in more crimes of a similar nature. He had appeared for an UPSC exam recently and has completed two years of law studies.Police sub-inspector of the Sahakarnagar police station Bhagwan Bhosale said that on October 21 Bansode knocked at the flat of one Sunil Deshmukh in Dhankawadi. Sunil's mother and wife were at home. \"Bansode first enquired about Sunil. Once sure that he was not home, Bansode told the two women that he was a CBI officer from Mumbai. He said that one Swanand Farate was involved in many fraud cases and that Sunil was Swanand's associate,\" Bhosale said. Bansode then told the two women that he is going to arrest Sunil soon. He left thereafter only to return after some time. Sunil Deshmukh was home this time. Bansode reiterated his threat.When Sunil's mother requested Bansode to find a 'way out', he demanded Rs 30,000. Sunil Deshmukh told him to come the next day, but Bansode snatched his cell phone. When Sunil protested, Bansode told him that he wanted to keep the mobile as a proof to show his senior officers.Thereafter, Bansode would call Sunil often from the stolen phone and ask for money. \"After receiving a complaint from Sunil, we traced Bansode to Ahmednagar. We asked him to come to Pune to collect the money and arrested him,\" sub-inspector Bhosale said.Investigations also revealed that Bansode had duped some people by posing as a RAW officer. He is an addict. Bansode had appeared a civil services examination recently and has studied law for the first two years of his graduation.Bansode was produced in the local court on Monday and remanded in police custody till November 1. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17013067", "title": "RTE confusion delays school admissions", "text": "MUMBAI: Pre-primary admission to non-state board schools in the city that usually start in the end of October or beginning of November has been postponed at least till December over continuing confusion on the latest amendment to the Right to Education (RTE) Act.\"There are confusing and contradicting views and we are not sure how or when to conduct our admission session. We have yet to decide the admisson dates as we are hoping for some clarity soon,\" said Sudeshna Chatterjee, principal of Jamnabai Narsee School in Juhu.In April 2012, the Supreme Court said all schools, except unaided minority ones, had to keep aside 25% seats at entry level (pre-primary or class I) for children from socially/economically backward sections under the RTE Act. Later, an amendment to the law said only madarsas and Vedic pathshalas can skip reservation. All other schools (including unaided minority schools) will have to keep aside 25% seats during admissions for next year.The Mumbai International Schools Association (MISA) in a recent meeting decided to postpone admissions to December this year and has blamed it on the lack of clarity on the RTE reservation clause.\"Though the government says the Act has been amended, it can't include minority institutions in the law's ambit as this will go against the constitutional rights given to every minority institution. However, for the time being, we have made an announcement on our school website that we will entertain admission queries only by the end of November,\" said Rohan Bhat, chairperson of Children's Academy group of schools.Some schools will start only admission to siblings of current students and children of ex-students in November. \"The final admission process will begin only in December since we are still not clear about the policy,\" said Kavita Aggarwal, principal of D G Khetan School in Malad.The Private Unaided Schools Forum is seeking legal advice as well as the opinion of member schools. \"In all probability, the forum is seeking legal intervention on this new amendment. We need to put an end to the confusion that has been looming over minority schools for the past three years now,\" said the principal of an ICSE school on condition of anonymity.The education department, however, is very stern with this policy and is leaving no stones unturned to ensure that the admissions for the next academic year go as per the RTE norms. \"The ruling is very clear and has come from the central government. Schools will receive an official circular within the next couple of weeks,\" said Anil Kale, director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013893", "title": "4 DU students suspended for assaulting NE youth", "text": "NEW DELHI: The College of Vocational Studies, Delhi University, has suspended four students and made the campus out of bound for an ex-student for physically assaulting a fellow student in the campus on Friday. Based on prima facie evidence the college inquiry committee has taken the decision pending the completion of the inquiry.D Hriinii, a student of CVS, was walking out of the college after his classes on Friday when he was attacked by a group of youths waiting at the gate, said his brother D Apao. Hriinii had to be rushed to a hospital.\"My brother was the fourth student from the northeast beaten up that day. Three girls and a boy were playing cards in the field when a basketball hit them. The boy called some of his friends and they beat the guys who were playing basketball . Later they beat up my brother though he was not involved. Another student from northeast was also beaten up,\" said Apao.A FIR was lodged where seven students were named. According to Inderjit, principal of CVS, the college will take strict action against the students. \"Of the five students named, one is an exstudent and he will not be allowed inside the campus. Three students who were identified \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one from third year and two from first yearwere suspended with immediate effect till further orders . We are trying to identify one more student as they have just given his surname ,\" said the principal.Earlier in the day the SHO and ACP visited the college and met the students from various states of the northeast including the coordinator . The students alleged they have named seven students in the FIR and action has been taken only against four so far and that more students were involved in the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "supaul", "code": "17015433", "title": "Two minor girls roasted alive", "text": "SUPAUL: Two minor girls were roasted alive and some others sustained burn injuries when an accidental fire broke out at Sirajpur village under Marauna police station in Supaul district in the wee hours on Sunday.The girls, who were roasted alive, were sisters Bibha, 5, and Vinita, 7 daughters of one, Parmeshwar Mandal. The fire broke out in the cowshed belonging to a person when an earthen lamp fell on the ground. It immediately engulfed a cluster of thatched houses perched atop a small earthen hillock, police said. Two girls lost their lives and cash and jewellery were reduced to ashes, police said.Marona SHO Suman Kumar Singh said the postmortem examination has been carried out. Marona circle officer (CO) Arun Kumar said the families whose houses were destroyed have been given Rs 4,200 each.The parents of the deceased were also given help under Kabir Antyesthi scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17013165", "title": "Women thieves on the prowl in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city police, already faced with a backlog of unsolved burglary cases, now have another problem at hand -- snatching incidents involving women thieves from Tamil Nadu.The Fort police have so far arrested eight women involved in such cases over a period of two weeks. Police say that these gangs usually hit places where women and children turn up in large numbers, like textile shops, markets and temples.Their modus operandi is similar to normal chain-snatching gangs. They enter the shops and temples in the guise of shoppers or devotees and mix with the crowd. Each member is given a specific task. The first part of the operation is zeroing in on a potential target. The second part is 'distraction' in which one or two gang members flank the target individual and divert her attention. The third part is the actual theft in which the thief skillfully steals valuables. And the final part is the escape in which the stolen valuables are swiftly handed over to another member, who disappears with the loot. This way, even if the snatcher is caught, the crime against her cannot be proved.Police suspect that many such gangs have landed in the city from across the border last week in view of the festival holidays, when people go on a shopping spree. All the cases that have been reported so far were from the Fort police station limits. This area has many textile shops and markets besides famous temples like the Sree Padmanabhaswamy, Pazhavangadi Ganapathy and Attukal Bhagavathy temples.Fort circle inspector S Y Suresh said that the sudden emergence of these woman gangs might be attributed to the impending Sabarimala pilgrimage season. \"There would be a huge increase in the number of people visiting temples during the season that spans more than two months,\" he said. It is customary for the pilgrims from other states to visit the Padmanabhaswamy temple en route to Sabarimala. They also visit the Attukal Bhagavathy and Pazhavangadi Ganapathi temples.Though such cases are on the rise in the city, the police have been left helpless in tackling them. They attribute this to a weak patrolling system, which is in turn blamed on staff shortage. \"The Fort police sub division has just 100 personnel, including six women officers. This strength is not enough to carry out patrol duties,\" the CI added. The station needs at least 30 more women police officers to check such crimes by women, he said.Fort assistant commissioner K S Suresh Kumar said that the department tries to make up for the shortage of women officials by deploying shadow police teams. \"But sometimes this does not prove helpful because most such crimes are carried out in places where large a number of women gather. Men-only shadow police teams usually stay out of such crowds,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17011591", "title": "I-League: Chidi seals 3 points for East Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Down by a goal at the half-time and East Bengal looking better of the two sides in the first session, Pune FC surprised one and all by taking the attack to the opposition in the second half. Substitute Japanese midfielder Daisuke Nishiguchi, who replaced defensive screen Chika Wali, made all the difference, creating a flurry of chances to keep the hosts under pressure in the third-round encounter at the Salt Lake Stadium on Monday.If Pune failed to end up on the winning side even after such daredevilry, it was because they lacked a finisher like Edeh Chidi, whose opportunistic, yet brilliant, 28th-minute strike gave East Bengal all three points and took their tally to seven from three matches, while Pune stayed on six.In his effort to counter Penn Orji and Mehtab Hossain, Pune coach Derrick Pereira employed a five-man defensive formation with regular-stopper Chika positioned in front of the back-four. The ploy failed to yield dividends because Chika looked ill at ease in the new role. Credit must also go to Penn for falling somewhat deeper and wider to counter the threat. Moreover, it left Pune a man short in the midfield, denting their attacking options.The twinkle-toed Penn, on the other hand, operated with a lot of freedom. He ran down the right channel, dribbled past defenders and was the man behind most of his team's build-ups. In the 20th minute, he swivelled past two, played and chipped the ball to striker Manandeep Singh, but the youngster let himself and his team down with a pathetic piece of trapping and shooting. A minute later, Penn sneaked in between the two Pune stoppers but failed to get a touch to an assist from the right.The home side forged ahead with a bit of luck. Srikanth Ramu's attempted clearance rebounded off the back of a teammate to put Chidi in a one-on-one situation with Pune custodian Shahinlal Meloly. The latter did well to narrow down the angle but the experienced Nigerian striker finished exquisitely with his out-step.Trevor Morgan's boys had a couple of opportunities to inflate the lead on either side of the break, but Chidi shot wide off the target on both occasions. Boosted by the introduction of Nishiguchi, the visitors switched gear. The Japanese tested East Bengal with his speed and good positioning even as he combined well with play-maker Douhou Pierre. They created a hatful of opportunities and, had Jeje Lalpekhlua converted the chances that came his way, the India international could have walked off with a hat-trick. At the end of it, Morgan was happy with his team's third clean sheet despite being under \"immense pressure\" in second-half, while Derrick was left to rue the missed chances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17013372", "title": "34-year-old man commits suicide in Jharsa", "text": "Gurgaon: A 34-year old man committed suicide at his house in Jharsa village on Monday morning due to financial crises. His body was found hanging from a ceiling fan. He was a father of two children. The victim is identified as Nikesh Kumar.On Monday when his wife, Sapna, was out of the house, %Nikesh committed suicide. His father, 53-year-old, Prakash called the police. The police reached the spot and returned the body after port-mortem. His %father told police that because of acute financial constraints, his son took this extreme step. \"We are investigating the matter thoroughly\", said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17011617", "title": "Tourists scuffle with lifeguard at Colva", "text": "GOA: Tense moments were witnessed at the Colva beach on Monday evening after a group of tourists picked up a dispute with a lifeguard leading to a scuffle. Police sources informed that the group of tourists from Belgaum had entered into the waters for a swim in the area marked as \"no swim zone\". When lifeguards on duty saw the tourists entering the prohibited area, they asked the tourists to retreat. However, as they ignored the warnings, one of the lifeguards went up to the tourists and requested them not to venture into the waters. This angered the tourists who allegedly assaulted the lifeguard and tore his shirt. Police intervened and the lifeguard was rushed to the Hospicio hospital, Margao. Cross complaints were lodged by the lifeguard and the tourists at the Colva police station. The police have registered the case as a non-cognisable offence.Dearness relief to govt pensioners: Based on grant of dearness relief to central government pensioners and pensioners of All India Services, and in view of rise in the cost of living, the state government has sanctioned dearness relief @ 72% to government pensioners/family pensioners with effect from July 1, 2012.Naqvi appointed acting director of NIO: S W A Naqvi has taken charge as acting director of National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) after S R Shetye, director of CSIR-NIO, opted for voluntary retirement on September 15. The senior scientist has been working in NIO since 1974. He has contributed through research in bio-geochemistry, which looks at the impact of global warming. Naqvi also studies changes in the fluxes of material from land, like fertilizers. Shetye recently took charge as vice chancellor of the Goa University, after being director of NIO since 2004.Deshpande is 'OSD media coordination': Dilip Deshpande has taken charge as officer on special duty (OSD) (Media coordination), department of information and publicity. Deshpande, who recently retired from service, has earlier served as deputy director (News AIR), director of information and publicity, and deputy director, PIB, Government of India.POWER SHUTDOWNNeura (Oct 30): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Pequeno Neura, panchayat, church, Alvares saw mill, Sulabhat, Pequeno Mercurim and vicinity.Panaji (Oct 30): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Campal Clinic, T B Cunha higher secondary school, directorate of fire services, Bal Bhavan and vicinity.Dona Paula (Nov 1): Between 9am and 2.30pm. Areas to be affected - Ocean Park, La-Oceana colony, Hotel Villa Sol, Manipal hospital, Vaiguinim Valley and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17013478", "title": "Man caught with drugs", "text": "LUDHIANA: SHO of Kotwali police station Surinder Mohan arrested Chanderpraksh, a resident of Pratappura, and recovered psychotropic drugs which include more than 14,000 capsules and tablets, and 500 bottles of cough syrup. SHO said the accused was nabbed at a checkpoint.Body recoveredBody of a person in his late 40s was recovered by police from near Big Bazaar on Ludhiana-Jalandhar Road. Ladhowal SHO Gurpreet Singh Station said they suspect that the man could have been attacked after a drug overdose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17013999", "title": "Legal route to claim dad's property", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Kiran Devi (28), wife of Pappu Kumar of Lohri in Palamu, is an unhappy woman. Her grandfather has refused to give her any share of her father's property. Kiran told TOI that her father left home 15 years ago and never came back.Though she wants a share in her father's property, it is being denied to her by her grandfather. \"They think that since my father gave them so much trouble, I have no right to make claims to property from my father's side. I was brought up by my maternal relatives.\" Principal district and sessions judge Vishnu Kant Sahay, who is the chairman of the Palamu District Legal Services Authority, said Kiran's claims are legitimate. And with amendments in Hindu Laws, the daughters in their families are now entitled to a share in their father's property. The principal district judge, however, said that it must be conceded the legal battle for Kiran would be a long-drawn out one and would be a test of her nerves and patience. Expressing confidence, he said, \"In few years, the rural populace will be more aware of their legal rights and credit for this goes to the legal awareness camps being held in this left-wing extremist-hit Palamu, without any fear.\" When Kiran was asked why she did not resort to the Maoists who would have simply held her grandfather at gunpoint and compelled him to resolve the dispute, she rubbished the idea. \"Kanooni madad sab sey achhcha hai (Legal help is the best help),\" said she.Police officers lauded Kiran for not giving into the temptation of approaching any rebel outfit. \"The rebel outfits would have loved to do this to earn goodwill. We appreciate the courage of this woman,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "17013718", "title": "Actor, four others injured in road accident", "text": "DURGAPUR: Five persons, including Tollywood actor Arindam Ganguly and jatra director Ruma Dasgupta, were injured when the Toyota Qualis they were travelling in rammed a trailer parked at the roadside in Andal on NH-2 early on Monday morning. The driver and khalasi of the trailer have been detained.Ajay Kumar Nand, police commissioner of Asansol Durgapur, said the driver of the vehicle was seriously injured. \"All the passengers have sustained head and leg injuries and are safe now. They were first admitted to Durgapur subdivisional hospital in Bidhannagar and later shifted to a private hospital. Today, Arindam Ganguly and the others were shifted to a hospital in Kolkata by their relatives,\" Nand added.Ganguly, Dasgupta and two assistants had gone to perform jatra, Sadhak Bamakhepa, in Purulia. After their performance on Saturday, they stopped at a roadside dhaba in Neamatpur near Asansol for dinner and were returning to Kolkata when the accident happened.\"At that time a ten-wheeler trailer was parked at the highway because of a mechanical fault while the 100 dial police jeep was supervising the repair work. The MUV in which the actor, the director, two assistants Sandip and Biswajit and the driver were travelling, was coming at high speed from Asansol towards Kolkata. The MUV lost control and rammed the trailer from behind around 3am,\" said Tapas Pal, OC of Andal Police Station.The 100 dial officers immediately informed Andal Police and the injured were first taken to Durgapur SD Hospital and then to Vivekananda Hospital. \"I got five stitches to my head while Arindam sustained head, eye and leg injuries. His relatives took him to Kolkata by an ambulance today morning,\" said Ruma Dasgupta. Dasgupta was released on Monday afternoon.Police detained the driver and khalasi of the trailer.Actor Arindam Ganguly and four others have been injured including the director of the jatra pala near Vadur more in Andal after the Toyota Qwalis vehicle in which they have been travelling crashed at a trailer parked beside the road while they have been returning back to Kolkata at Nh2 at wee hours today.Talking to the TOI, Ajay Kumar Nand, comissioner of police, Asansol Durgapur said that the driver of the vehicle was seriously injured. All the passengers have head and leg injuries and are safe. They have been first admitted to Durgapur sub divisional hospital in Bidhan nagar then shifted to private hospital. Today Arindam Ganguly and others have been shifted to a hospital in Kolkata by their relatives,'he added.Arindam ganguly, the director, Ruma dasgupta, were returning after finishing a jatra pala - Sadhak Bamakhepa in Raghunathpur in Purulia at wee hours today. They have taken their dinner at road side dhaba on the way in Neamatpur naer Asansol. \"A ten-wheeler trailer was standing beside the highway after it has some mechanical fault. The 100 dial jeep of police was also present at the site and supervising the repairing work. The MUV in which the actor, the director, two assistants, Sandip and Biswajit and driver was travelling was coming at high speed from Asansol towards Kolkata and lost control and crashed at the back of the trailor at around 3 AM,\"said Tapas Pal, OC of Andal Police Station.Immedaitely, the 100 dial officers called Andal Police and the injured have been taken to Durgapur SD Hospital first and then to Vivekananda Hospital. \" I had five stitches in my head and have head injury, Arindam has head, eye and leg injury. He has been taken to Kolkata by ambulance by his relatives today morning,\"said Ruma Dasgupta. She was also released in the afternoon.Andal Police has detained the ten wheeler trailor and the driver and the khalasi after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013771", "title": "Dengue continues to stalk citizens", "text": "KOLKATA: Just when the city had started to breathe a sigh of relief, here comes the bad news. Dengue, which has had a deadly run all through the rainy season this year, is still wreaking havoc at certain city pockets. According to hospital sources, the load of patients infected with dengue has come down significantly, but the threat is far from over.Residential localities adjoining the airport have contracted the disease in serious proportions for the second time this year. At housing complexes along Belghoria Expressway and Jessore Road (opposite gates 21/2 and 3 of the airport), several residents have reported high fever since Wednesday. Many had to be admitted to hospitals after their condition deteriorated.At Airport City located next to the Belghoria Expressway, three persons were admitted to hospital with dengue and at least two others had reported high fever. According to the housing committee's assistant secretary Samir Baran Saha, software engineer Gautam Guha, homemaker Swati Saha and airport cargo division staffer J Prasad had to be hospitalized over the last three days.\"Guha had high fever a day after Dashami. Within 24 hours, his condition deteriorated drastically. He complained of headache and nausea. Then, his behaviour changed and he even turned violent. At Apollo Hospitals, he was diagnosed with dengue and encephalitis. There was accumulation of fluid in his brain and he had to be put on the ventilator,\" said Saha.Swati, who went to Guwahati the day after Dashami, was rushed back with high fever two days later. She, too, was admitted to Apollo and was diagnosed with dengue. So was Prasad who had been admitted to Charnock Hospital.The situation is no different at colonies opposite airport gate nos. 21/2 and 3 on Jessore Road, where scores reported high fever and more than a dozen were detected with the dengue virus. According to locals, large mounds of earth dumped on either flanks of the road have clogged drains, leading to stagnation of water. These pools of accumulated water have turned into breeding grounds for mosquitoes.The aedes aegypti mosquito that causes dengue usually goes into hibernation during winter when the temperature dips to around 16 degree celsius. Though there is a perceptible nip in the air, it will take at least four-five more weeks before the temperature drops sharply and wipes out the dengue threat.\"The aedes aegypti larvae carries the dengue virus. Therefore, even as the number of dengue cases has declined drastically, there would be stray cases for some more weeks. The aedes aegypti mosquito goes into hibernation when the mercury hovers around the 16-degree celsius mark,\" said Dr TK Mukherjee, chief municipal health officer, KMC.Relatives of the patients, however, blamed the civic bodies for the revival of dengue. According to them, vector-control measures had been ignored with the onset of festive season. \"All steps that were taken during the outbreak in August-September were suspended from Mahalaya,\" one of them complained. Though North Dum Dum Municipality acted promptly following complaints from Airport City, experts believe the problem could have been avoided altogether had the municipalities continued spraying insecticides.\"The health department has directed the municipality through the district health officials to search for the mosquito breeding grounds and take necessary measures to contain the virus,\" said Dr Asit Biwsas, state health department spokesperson.During the dengue outbreak, the average number of dengue patients admitted to major private hospitals at any point of time would be about 40. Now the number of such patients varies between 15 and 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17014058", "title": "Many vulnerable spots still sans CCTV", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even four years after the October 30 serial blasts that rocked the state and claimed more than a hundred lives, the state government's promise to bring the whole city under Close Circuit Television (CCTV) surveillance remains incomplete as of now.Soon after the blasts took place in 2008, the state government had announced a slew of security measures, including installation of 291 CCTV cameras at 91 vulnerable spots in the city, as recommended by the Enquiry Committee, headed by retired IPS officer D N Dutta, constituted by the government in the aftermath of the serial blasts. Despite the deadline to complete the installation of the CCTV cameras by September this year has gone by, only 50 CCTVs have been installed in only nine locations till now.\"The foreign company which is providing us the equipment could not supply the material on time due to some technical problem. But now the problem is almost solved. We are targeting to complete installation of CCTVs at 86 locations this year,\" said L R Bishnoi, IGP of Central Western Range of Assam police who is also in charge of the project.Out of the 91 locations, work has only been completed at Ganeshguri, Ulubari, DGP Office, Assam police Radio organization premises, Fancy Bazaar Sikh temple, Fancy Bazaar outpost, Fancy Bazaar Khubchand point, Manipuri Basti and Nepali Mandir chowk. Work at the other 77 locations is on. However, installation in five locations including Gauhati University, Dharapur, Khetri and north Guwahati were kept aside on non-priority basis.Adding to the slow pace, the unavailability of electricity services also stood as a major obstacle in the project. \"We have discussed the matter with Assam State Electricity Board (Aseb) which will be providing us their services,\" added Bishnoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "1-i want a powerful laptop to watch fullhd films. my budget is around 40,000. it will be a bonus if it can play games like call of duty", "code": "17014602", "title": "Buyer's guide", "text": "1-I want a powerful laptop to watch FullHD films. My budget is around 40,000. It will be a bonus if it can play games like Call Of Duty: Modern Warfare 3.- Arpit Mittal, Rohan Sachdev, Hiren PatelThe Acer Aspire V3 571G - priced at around 39,000 - fits your requirement. It doesn't have a FullHD screen, but in this price, you won't find a machine with such a display; besides, it's difficult to distinguish between 720p HD and 1080p FullHD in a laptop-sized screen.The V3 571G sports a 15.6-inch display, is powered by a third-gen (Ivy Bridge) Intel Core i5 processor, 4GB RAM and the nVidia GT630M graphics card that's powerful enough to handle games like Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 with ease. The only thing missing from this machine is the Windows OS; the V3 571G comes with a variant of Linux, so you will have shell out extra for Windows 7 or 8.In case you want a laptop that is preloaded with Windows, take a look at the HP Pavilion 2107TX that retails at around 40,000. It has a slightly slower processor (third-gen Core i3), but is equipped with the AMD HD 7670M graphics card that's comparable to GT630M.Alternatively, you could also consider the Lenovo Ideapad Z580 and Dell Inspiron 15R N5520. The Z580 - priced at 41,000 - comes with a Core i3 processor and the GT630M graphics card, while the N5520 is the best-looking machine among those listed here, but it comes with only 2GB RAM. If you are buying the latter you will have to buy additional 2GB RAM and that will extend its price to around 42,000.- Javed Anwer2-I want to buy a new TV for around 35,000. I have read about smart TVs. What are these and how are they different from regular TVs? What should I buy? Please help.- Pavan KhuranaSmart TVs are essentially sets that come with internet connectivity and a basic computer-like interface, letting you browse websites, watch YouTube videos, make Skype calls, etc. The connection is either through Ethernet or Wi-Fi .In your budget, it will be difficult to find a TV with built-in Wi-Fi connectivity, so you might have to buy an external USB adapter - usually costing around 3,000. Make sure the TV you are buying says it is 'Wireless Ready' in the specs sheet.For Skype, of course, you will need to buy a Skypesupported webcam from the same TV maker, as most webcams only work with their own brand. These range from 5,000 to 7,000. Again, ensure your TV supports it.Considering the cost of these two accessories, your options are limited if you want both Wi-Fi and Skype. The 32-inch Panasonic Viera L32U30D ( 30,000 approx) stands out with its wide connectivity options and IPS panel. It doesn't have built-in Wi-Fi , but can support that through a USB adapter. Yes, this is an LCD TV, but there is no discernable quality difference between LCDs and LEDs in this price range.One TV that slightly stretches your budget, but really caught our eye is the LG 32LS5700. It is available with some e-retailers for around 36,000 - a killer deal, considering it comes with built-in Wi-Fi , 200Hz refresh rate and three USB ports.- Mihir Patkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012630", "title": "Moily promises quick decisions, fair play", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shares of Reliance Industries Ltd jumped 2% even in a flat market on Monday as the new oil minister, M Veerappa Moily, promised that the ministry under his watch would take decisions quickly \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including on pending issues pertaining to Mukesh Amabani-led company's KG-D6 gas field.\"I don't want to take name of any particular company ... It is a matter of detail ... Decisions will be quick and hastened,\" he said in reply to a question whether he would favour a revision in the price of gas from the KG-D6 block earlier than a review scheduled for 2014.Moily, who replaced S Jaipal Reddy , said his primary tasks would be to improve the investment climate to help pump up domestic oil and gas production volumes and cement the country's energy security through overseas acquisitions.\"We have to keep our doors and windows open for whosoever wants to invest here... We have to create a level of confidence among investors. The emphasis will be on quick decisions as delayed decisions cost the nation... The effort would be not to keep things pending.\"But the minister also qualified his statement by saying that decisions would be taken in the national interest and not to serve the interests of \"one or two companies\".The street reacted positively to Moily's statements, taking them as an indication that he would approve the KG-D6 gas field's expenditure budgets for three fiscals since 2010, which would allow RIL to recover over $1 billion in operational costs.Even though Moily did not categorically talk about a KG-D6 gas price revision, the general direction of his statements raised hopes that another long-pending approval for price of gas from RIL's Sohagpur coal bed methane block would also come through.The ministry under Reddy had held back its nod to the KG-D6 budgets to make RIL fall in line for a second round of CAG performance audit of the field. The ministry had also held back price approval for gas from Sohagpur block, which is governed by a different pricing regime. Reddy had, however, already moved a note for the Cabinet opposing a premature KG-D6 gas price revision on the ground it would cost the government $6 billion. Moily would find it difficult to revert this without inviting allegations of favouring RIL.Stressing the need and importance of investment flows, Moily said he would soon bring out a roadmap to raise the annual per capita oil consumption rate to six barrels with the aim of giving a big push to economic growth.\"Average worldwide oil consumption is 14 barrels per person per year, while that in developing countries it is three barrels per person per year. In India the picture is not so happy, with a consumption of 1.2 barrels per person per year. This is a matter of grave concern,\" he added.One way of achieving this, Moily indicated, was to push state-run oil companies to go out and buy oil and gas fields abroad. \"We need to talk to MEA (Ministry of External Affairs) to campaign for India's energy security aggressively. Our country cannot afford import dependence of 80%. This impacts our inflation.\"Skirting the issue of fuel pricing reforms and further reduction in subsidies, Moily expressed concern over mounting losses of state-run fuel retailers. \"There are inefficiencies in the system that have to be removed,\" he said without elaborating whether he was referring to better targeting of subsidy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012548", "title": "You may fill Know Your Customer form by Nov 15 now", "text": "LUCKNOW: The deadline for filling the Know Your Customer (KYC) form by LPG consumers has been extended till November 15. Earlier, the last date was October 31. Following instructions of the Union ministry of petroleum and natural Gas, oil marketing companies have advised all their distributors to collect and verify duly filled KYC forms from the consumers who are suspected to have multiple LPG connections or had written incomplete address on the forms submitted earlier. However, regular customers need not panic as the deadline is only for the 'suspected multiple connections'. Others can fill the form even after the deadline as per their convenience.President of All India LPG Distributors Federation (UP circle), DP Singh told TOI that the deadline for the filling up the KYC form has been extended for 15 days. \"We received orders from the ministry in this regard. The deadline to fill the KYC forms has been extended from October 31 to November 15,\" he said.There are three categories of suspected multiple LPG connections -- 'same name &amp; same address', 'different name &amp; same address' and 'husband-wife'. Consumers falling under the first category were identified and the list prepared by the oil companies was circulated among all the distributors about two months back. They were instructed to collect KYC forms from these consumers on priority basis. The ones under 'same name &amp; same address', and 'Husband-wife' category were cancelled thereon.Owner of a gas distributor agency in Aishbagh area said, \"The drive to remove suspected multiple connections is on for almost two years now. Consumers who had furnished affidavit undertaking on genuine grounds are continuing with the connection. However those who have not furnished any proof have come under scanner this time.\" Officials working with the oil companies said that it would take another two-three months to streamline the process and get all the forms completed. However, few dealers said that the supply would not stop even if the suspected consumers fail to submit forms within the deadline.There is no official communication about what would the companies do with the consumers who fail to meet the deadline. There is no clarity as to whether their connections would continue or get canceled. An official working in an oil company said, \"Solving issues of the existing customer base and cleaning out the system is our priority right now. Probably the authorities would first assess the number of cases verified. After taking stock of the situation and examining the percentage of consumers left for verification, they might come out with a concrete decision in 15-20 days.\"LPG dealers from across the city have confirmed that people have been visiting their offices in large numbers to fill KYC forms. About 100-200 customers are daily visiting their nearest dealer, said an official. A manager of a gas distribution company said, \"Actually people had started panicking after reports in media that their connections would be subject to cancellation if they fail to submit KYC form before the deadline. That is why people are frequenting dealers' office in large numbers.\" The dealers have created enough buzz about this form and have been educating customers about it on a daily basis for about last two months.KYC form gives all the necessary details about the consumer like his name, date of birth, father's name, mother's name, spouse name, complete address with pin-code and also an optional information about bank details. They have to submit self-attested photocopies of address and ID proof along with the filled in form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17013936", "title": "Perinthalmanna municipality gets new chairperson", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Nishitha Anilraj of CPM has been elected new chairperson of Perinthalmanna municipality in Malappuram on Monday. Among the total of 34 councillors, all the 16 UDF councillors stayed away from the voting.Following the controversy over dual office, the chairperson of the municipality, K Sudhakumari of CPM resigned from the post, on October 1. The controversy was triggered when the UDF councillors alleged that Sudhakumari held the office of chairperson and the post of teacher at a UP school at Kunnappalli, which it is against the law.In a total of 34 member municipal council, both the UDF and LDF had won 17 seats each in last local body election. LDF came to power through a draw of lots. The election commission declared re-election to the Sangeetha ward following the death of the ward member K P Raveendran. With the victory of LDF in ward 32, the number of LDF members in the council has risen to 18 and the number of UDF councillors has been decreased to 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013498", "title": "Land dispute triggers tension", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dispute between two groups of people over title of a land at Satabdi Nagar in the city sparked tension on Monday.Trouble erupted during construction of a boundary wall on the 1,600 sq ft land for which both the general administration department, one of the controllers of the government lands in Bhubaneswar and one Jugmaprava Mohanty staked claim.While locals alleged that Mohanty has been trying to usurp the government land earmarked for community activities in the locality, Mohanty's family members claimed that the land as theirs.\"Police are helping Mohanty grab the government land that we use for community activities. We will agitate if the land is not retrieved from Mohanty,\" said P K Das, a member of local resident welfare association.\"The land was recorded in my mother's name since 1945. After a few years, the land surprisingly went into the name of general administration department. We filed a case against the department at Orissa High Court. The matter is sub-judice,\" a family member said on condition of anonymity.\"The locals are trying to grab our land. The HC has asked the local police to help us construct boundary wall until the case is disposed of. We will not construct house as the matter is in court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013859", "title": "70 unpublished poems, essays found in Sunil Gangopadhyay's diaries", "text": "KOLKATA: At least 70 unpublished poems, a treasure of essays yet to find their way into print, and the master author's musings from the early years of his literary career to the days before he died. These have been found in large volumes of diaries Sunil Gangopadhyay nurtured with care all his life. Efforts are now on to publish these writings, though publishers have already started work on bringing out new volumes of Gangopadhyay's huge body of works, most of which will be publicized as star attractions of the book fair in January.Gangopadhyay would often jot down thoughts as they came to him in these diaries. Besides the unpublished poems, there are some re-written versions of familiar poe-ms. Gangopadhyay would continue to modify his poems even after they were published and his diaries stand witness to that fact.No unpublished novel has been found yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17012972", "title": "Girl attempts suicide", "text": "A college girl from Ahmedabad has attempted suicide twice on being defamed by her classmates as her face matched with that of a gangrape victim from Malad (E).The Kurar police learnt of the Ahmedabad case after the Gujarat police got in touch with them recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013583", "title": "Ominous depression on super cyclone anniversary", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A deep depression formed on Monday over the Bay of Bengal, about 1,090 km from Gopalpur, reminding Odisha of a cyclonic storm that killed over 10,000 people and destroyed property on an unimaginable scale this day in 1999.The weather office forecast the system will intensify into a cyclonic storm but could not predict its exact course of intensity in the next 48 hours. \"The satellite picture shows that the depression over the Bay of Bengal has intensified into a deep depression on Monday. The system is likely to intensify into a cyclonic storm and move northwestwards and cross north Tamil Nadu and the adjoining south Andhra Pradesh coast between Nagapattinam and Nellore by Wednesday evening,\" said Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of the meteorological centre in the city. He said the storm's final movement and its intensity could be known by early Tuesday morning.Sahu predicted widespread rain all over the state under the spell of the storm. The monsoon season in Odisha ended two weeks ago and post monsoon period for about a month is widely known as cyclone time.\"Though the cyclonic storm has not shown any sign of heading towards Odisha coast yet, we have nevertheless kept ourselves ready to face any eventuality,\" said revenue and disaster management minister S N Patro. All the coastal districts, particularly in south Odisha, have also been put on alert and over 300 cyclone shelters are ready to house people in case the need for evacuation arises,\" Patro said.The minister said the government has also taken initiative to construct 150 more cyclone shelters in the state with the assistance of World Bank. Each of these centres will house about 1,000 people, he said.The super cyclone of October 29, 1999 with a wind speed of nearly 300 km had left such a deep scar in the minds of people that for a long time every patch of dark cloud in the sky was seen with suspicion as a pre-curser to a cyclone. The cyclone wound is yet to be completely healed 13 years after the calamity, with many families still flocking to government offices for compensation and assistance to rebuild their houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17011429", "title": "From April '12 till date, MMC made 25 lakh from exhibitions", "text": "MARGAO: Trade exhibitions held in Margao are turning out to be money spinners for the Margao Municipal Council (MMC). While local traders are crying hoarse over the organization of trade fairs at the city's two venues-BPS club ground and the SGPDA ground-on the grounds that the sale through these trade expos adversely affects their business, it has now turned out that the trade fairs have kept the MMC's cash registers ringing throughout the current financial year.Data obtained from MMC reveals that the civic body netted over 24 lakh alone by way of exhibition (pandal) charges and garbage collection charges from the organizers of such trade fairs during the current financial year. While nine exhibitions were held at the SGPDA ground from April 2012 till date, generating nearly 15 lakh for the civic body, the seven exhibitions held at the BPS club ground during the same period netted over 9 lakh for the MMC. The MMC charges 25,000 per day as exhibition charges and 1,000 per day as garbage collection charges from the organizers of these events. While most of the trade fairs are held for five days, some others are held for up to 15 days, thus generating welcome revenue for the civic body.The local traders have begun to view the trade fairs as a threat to their business prospects and have demanded that no sales be allowed by the MMC at the trade expos. \"The MMC should allow only exhibition of goods and products at the trade fairs and no sale should be permitted there. As products are sold at lower prices under the guise of an exhibition, we are facing a dip in our sales.\" says Devidas Borkar of the New Market Vyapari Sanghatna.\"The MMC issues permissions to erect temporary pandals only after obtaining all the NOCs from the authorities concerned, including the fire services, traffic police, health services, food and drugs administration ( FDA ), district collector, etc. Besides, we also obtain an indemnity affidavit sworn by the organizers before granting permission to the trade fairs,\" chief officer of the MMC Srinet Kothwale said. While the traders' associations are objecting to the organization of such trade fairs, sources in the MMC said that most of the traders have never bothered to pay their dues to the municipality, thereby putting the MMC in the red.While the MMC has just 650 commercial establishments registered with it, the number of establishments plying their trade without the mandatory trade licence could be several times more, sources said. Of the 22,17,341 due to the municipality by way of rent from April 2012 till date, the MMC has been able to recover just 5,71,755 so far.As most of the traders have illegally occupied the space in the municipal markets, they have managed to evade the tax net and the rentals, MMC sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17013643", "title": "Unscientific bus shelters mushroom across Mysore", "text": "More than 60 bus shelters built in the city are unscientific, and are causing inconvenience to people. Most of them are built by private players, and MCC is reluctant to demolish such structures.The authorities started to fix the problem a few months ago. It seems to be a big challenge, if not a Herculean task, for them to act against them. Some three-fourth of the newly built shelters is unauthorized. They are built as part of a project of KSRTC to extend facilities to the travellers.Some of them have come up close to signal lights or traffic junctions, as is the case on Vani Vilas Road. Such shelters impede the free movement of traffic. Two bus shelters have come up opposite to Hotel Siddarth, but city buses do not ply on that route. The others are at KR Hospital Circle, adjacent to Administrative Training Institute (ATA), suburban bus stand, near Mandovi Motors, Maharani's College, opposite to RTO office in Lakshmipuram. Five shelters have mushroomed along the stretch passing through LIC Circle (Banni Mantap) to JSS Medical College.\"MCC has utterly failed to demolish these unscientific shelters. They are also poorly maintained -- some of them have no proper seating arrangement, and water seeps when it rains,\" says P Devaraj, a traveller. He alleged that MCC has illegally permitted private players to raise more than two bus shelters.MCC executive engineer Krishna Bovi said: \"We have written to the police commissioner, KSRTC and even the state government, but no action has been taken. These shelters are maintained by advertising agencies having political backing. They bring pressure from influential people when we try to demolish them. We are helpless.\" He agreed that some shelters, like the one near St Philomena's College, are obstructing the movement of pedestrians and motorists.Student Abhishek H highlighted how shelters are badly maintained. \"There are no proper seats, and the place stinks due to lack of cleanliness. Some shelters have become a safe haven for beggars, dogs, cattle, and scavengers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013579", "title": "Overbridge pact signed, finally", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: More than a year after the state government laid the foundation stone for three proposed foot overbridges (FOB) in the city, the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation signed an agreement with a developer only last week, casting a shadow over the timely completion of the projects.The agreement was signed with a Cuttack-based private firm to construct the FOBs near Rupali Square, Master Canteen and Jayadev Vihar at an estimated cost of nearly Rs 8 crore.The FOB projects have already missed the August 2012 deadline.\"We hope that at least two FOBs will be ready by August 2013. As per the agreement, the FOBs should be built within eight months from the date of approval of the plan and design,\" BMC commissioner Sanjib Kumar Mishra told TOI. \"There were some technical problems leading to the delay in signing the agreement,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17011382", "title": "HC notice to Deshprabhu, Loliyekar", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday issued notices to former MLA Jitendra Deshprabhu and former director of mines Arvind Loliyekar on a petition filed by Kashinath Shetye, challenging interim anticipatory bail granted to the duo by a special court at North Goa in the alleged illegal mining case.Shetye alleged that the special court erred in granting interim anticipatory bail to the respondents 'without even hearing the public prosecutor and without deciding the interveners' application even after the no objection given by the lawyer of a respondent'.The reply is to be filed by the respondents by November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17015969", "title": "Tollywood enjoys Rupa Sindoor Khela", "text": "Puja might be over but on Sunday morning, it were the goddesses who reigned supreme at the Rupa Sindoor Khela 2012 held at the Manicktala Chaltabagan Lohapatty Puja pandal. Bonding and bonhomie were in the air as a host of Tollywood ladies came together and had a good time smearing vermillion on each other.  Draped in a red dhakai, Sreelekha Mitra looked stunning. When she wasn't involved in sindoor khela, she was seen busy clicking photos with her friends from the industry. However, it was the mischievous Roopa Ganguly who poured some sindoor on the pristine white kurta of Sundeep Bhutoria, giving the others a cue to do the same! Padmini Narayanan, wife of Governor MK Narayanan, was also seen immersing herself in the post-Puja festivities. KB Agarwal, director of Rupa &amp; Company was also present at the event. \"Rupa is proud to be associated with the sindoor khela this year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013903", "title": "2 killed in road accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people were killed and three injured in separate accidents in the capital on Sunday night.In the first incident, a 45-year-old BSF constable was killed after his bike was hit by a speeding dumper in Mehrauli , south Delhi. The dumper driver has been arrested.In the second accident, a 55-year-old artiste was killed after being hit by a RTV in Janakpuri . In the third incident , three occupants of a van were injured after their vehicle rammed into an ATM outlet near Ashram Chowk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17011443", "title": "I've done my best at Reading: Brandon Fernandes", "text": "PANAJI: Brandon Fernandes is awaiting a call from the bosses at Reading Football Club after impressing scouts from the English Premier League side during a two-week trial.Brandon, 18, became the first Indian footballer to trial with a Premier League team, and although there has been no official word from Reading Football Club, the India junior midfielder has been left in no doubt that he is on the verge of creating history.\"I've done my best during the trial period at Reading FC. It was difficult at the start since it was more of direct football and a lot physical, but once the adjustments were made, I was as good as anybody else,\" Brandon told TOI in a telephonic interview from London on Monday.Brandon trained with the under-21 Reading FC squad - as is the standard practice during trials - and featured in one friendly which was played behind closed doors. Brandon played the entire ninety minutes and it is on the evidence of this performance that he believes the doors of the Premiership could open to him.\"I had two (goal) assists and we scored three goals. I felt confident throughout the match and never out of place,\" said the Goan youngster who was offered the trip to England after catching the eye of scouts during his two years at Africa Soccer Development (ASD) Soccer Academy in Cape Town.\"I am pretty confident that I have done enough,\" said Brandon.Sources close to Brandon have confirmed that the academy scouts were pleased with what they saw of the India midfielder, one of the rare footballers to don colours for each and every Indian age-group team.Zidane to come to Goa?The Youth Champions League, a one of its kind event that involves more than 250 junior teams from 20 cities across the country, will be 'bigger and better' next year; right from international participation and, just like this year's star attraction -- Luis Figo -- to another Galactico. Next year, the star attraction could be French legend Zinedine Zidane , or even David Beckham , if officials are to be believed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012558", "title": "Constable shot at in Kheri encounter dies", "text": "LUCKNOW: The police constable, who was shot at by a gang of khaki-clad imposters in Lakihmpur-Kheri late Sunday night, succumbed to his injuries on way to the Trauma Center in Lucknow around daybreak on Monday. One of the miscreants shot dead in the exchange of fire was identified as Sumit Tanda, a local history-sheeter with 17 criminal cases pending against him with Gorakhpur, Barabanki, Sitapur and Lakhimpur-Kheri districts police. The police were now on the lookout for Tanda's associates who were present with him when the face-off took place at the Sankata Devi police outpost under Kotwali Sadar police station of Lakhimpur-Kheri around 10 pm on Sunday.Reports said cops at the Sankata Devi police outpost were tipped off about the presence of some imposters in police uniform creating a rukus outside Angne Hotel situated at a stone's throw from the police outpost. As constables Chitkaretu Singh and Ram Narain Pandey, present at the post, went to find out what was happening, the miscreants reportedly opened fire at them. Caught unaware, the cops rushed back into the police outpost for shelter. But the drunk Khaki-clad miscreants followed them. Constable Umesh Kumar, on sentry duty at the police outpost, tried to pounce upon and nab two of the miscreants, but in the scuffle, the miscreants shot at him and tried to escape. In the meantime, two constables who had taken cover inside the police outpost came out prepared for an exchange of fire and managed to shoot one of the fleeing miscreants who hit the ground as his associates fled. The miscreant was rushed to the district hospital where the doctors pronounced him brought dead. He was identified as Sumit Tanda.Constable Umesh Kumar, who was critically wounded in the incident and was rushed to the district hospital, was referred to trauma center at Lucknow after his condition continued to deteriorate. He too breathed his last before he could reach the centre. Police have registered a case against unidentified associates of Sumit Tanda for the murder of Umesh Kumar, a native of Sitapur.Police officials on Monday said some important details of others involved in the shootout have poured in and the police were hopeful of a major breakthrough in the case shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17015631", "title": "Deep depression over Bay of Bengal brings heavy rains in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: A deep depression over the Bay of Bengal, which would further intensify into a cyclonic storm, on Tuesday brought heavy rains in many parts of Tamil Nadu, especially in coastal areas, prompting the government to declare a holiday for schools.Chennai, Kancheepuram, Cuddalore and Villupuram received heavy rains in the morning, inconveniencing office-goers. The cyclonic storm would cross between Nagapattinam and Nellore on Wednesday, Met Department said.\"The deep depression over southwest Bay of Bengal moved westwards, and lay centred at 1800 UTC of on Monday over southwest Bay of Bengal near latitude 9.00N and longitude 82.00E, about 500 km south-southeast of Chennai and 100 km east-northeast of Trincomalee (Sri Lanka).\"\"The system would intensify further into a cyclonic storm and move westwards for some more time and come very close to Sri Lanka coast and then move northwestwards and cross north Tamil Nadu and adjoining south Andhra Pradesh coast between Nagapattinam and Nellore by tomorrow afternoon,\" the Met Department said.It forecast \"heavy to extremely heavy rainfall\" upto 25 cm or more besides squally winds reaching upto 45-55 kmph of speed and gusting upto 65 kmph off north Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and adjoining south Andhra Pradesh coasts during next 12 hours\", it said.\"The wind speed would gradually increase thereafter as the system comes closer to coast. Sea condition will be very rough to high along and off north Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and adjoining south Andhra Pradesh coasts during next 48 hours.Fishermen along north Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and adjoining south Andhra Pradesh coasts are advised not to venture into the sea,\" the department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17013709", "title": "Flight fright: Alone in cockpits, 2 pilots fall asleep mid-air", "text": "LONDON: Two pilots working for UK airlines have been found to have fallen asleep while in sole charge of passenger planes thousands of feet up in the air. Both men were left alone in the cockpit when co-pilots left the flight deck, the civil aviation authority has revealed.The authorities refused to name the airlines. But the British Airlines Pilots Association said the problem is common. It revealed 43% of members polled admitted sleeping in the cockpit, and a third woke to find the other pilot asleep.In one of the incidents uncovered after a Freedom of Information request, the captain left to use the toilet. He then tried to call his first officer on a radio link but got no reply. The captain used a code to get back in the cockpit and found the pilot \"slumped over the controls\", The Sun reported. Another pilot also found himself unable to get back in the cockpit and used the entry code. His first officer had to be shaken awake.Rob Hunter, the union's head of safety, told the Transport Select Committee earlier this year that pilots feared being disciplined if they complained of being tired. \"We commonly receive letters that deal with cases where pilots feel that the process that they then get embroiled in is more fatiguing that the duty itself.,\" Hunter was quoted by the Daily Telegraph as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17014765", "title": "Pause and ponder before you decide to upgrade your gadget", "text": "If a gadget breaks, gets lost or is stolen, it makes sense to replace it. But deciding whether to abandon an older, still-working device for a newer one can be a dilemma.So what's the best way to decide when to upgrade your gadget?The longer you take, the better. \"Meaningful changes in gadget technology tend to happen every three to four years,\" said Michael Gartenberg, an analyst at Gartner, a technology research company.Satisfaction from a buy comes with getting an appropriate mileage from your gear. Work out a new gadget's true cost over the number of hours you are likely to use it. This has made frequent, high-dollar purchases seem relatively logical and even practical. Likewise, frequent upgrades to my rarely used television would make little sense.SmartphonesIf you use your smartphone only to check email on the train, it's fine if you upgrade it every three years. But if you use it nearly every waking moment , it makes sense to upgrade every 20 months \u00e2\u20ac\u201d or even annually. Since I use my phone more than most people use laptops, the cost to upgrade my 32-gigabyte iPhone every year is less than 10 cents an hour based on 1 6-hour days, on top of the 15 cents an hour I spend on service.TabletsTablets are odd gadgets that are great for reading and watching movies. Don't upgrade them too often; for several reasons.'First, they've stayed largely the same. Arnold Kim, founder of the Apple-gossip site MacRumors , says each new model of the iPad \"hasn't been so dramatically different from the one before, and the first iPad remains a very good device.\" Most people who have all three gadgets use tablets the least. Though computers still get much better every couple of years, they are built on mature technologies. Computers also allow you to upgrade their components instead of replacing the entire thing. Computer users who run into delays after they open many browser tabs or programmes might try upgrading the memory ( RAM) to 4 or 8 gigabytes.Final adviceThe best way to avoid a premature upgrade is to remember what you might be giving up: a trip to a tropical getaway, a new suit or perhaps a down payment on a new bed that will help you sleep better. That makes it easier to realise the grandest truth with upgrades: If it isn't broken, stolen or lost, maybe you don't need a new one just yet.( NYT News Service)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013861", "title": "Citizen body against 'costly' Nangloi water treatment plant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Objections are already being raised against Delhi Jal Board's newest public private partnership project , the Nangloi water treatment plant (WTP).DJB cleared a project for revamping the plant in its board meeting on October 26. The work, awarded at a capital cost of Rs 652.32 crore, includes improvement and revamping of the existing water supply through operating the water treatment plant, transmission and distribution network. However, Citizens Front for Water Democracy (CFWD) claims the project is highly overpriced. It has compared the project to one that was tendered recently in Patna, a much bigger project but at only about one third the price.S A Naqvi, convener of CFWD, said the capital cost of the Patna Water Supply project is Rs 476.94 crore and that includes the construction of a 50 million gallon per day (MGD) WTP, a 68 MGD raw water pump house with turbine pumps, 900km of new transmission and distribution mains, construction of 72 overhead tanks, 25 new tubewells , rehabilitation of 16 existing tubewells with diesel generator sets, commissioning of 1.2 lakh service connections , 50 stand-posts and operation and maintenance for 11 years.\"With so much work, the capital cost of this project is just about Rs 477 crore. The Nangloi plant was refurbished in 2003. About 70% of its distribution lines were laid between 2002 and 2009. The project is much smaller compared to the one in Patna and the private company will get existing infrastructure to work with. Despite this, the capital cost in Delhi is about Rs 652 crore. Not only this, the O&M; costs also differ widely. The Bihar government will pay the agency concerned Rs 71 crore for a period of 11 years. Delhi will pay the private company Rs 14.99 per 1,000l for 15 years which is a total of Rs 900 crore,\" said Naqvi.Members of CFWD say they sent a letter to DJB on this issue on October 25, a day before the board meeting but their concerns were not taken into consideration.DJB CEO Debashree Mukherjee said that she was looking into both the projects and studying the claim made by CFWD and hence could not comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013556", "title": "Bishop among 9 Nudisiri awardees", "text": "MANGALORE: The 9th edition of Alva's Nudisiri 2012, a pan-Karnataka Kannada literary meet organized by Alva's Education Foundation, Moodbidri, will see nine individuals and one institution receive the Alva's Nudisiri award.Writer U R Ananthamurthy will inaugurate the three-day literary event on November 16. Poet Padma Shri KS Nisar Ahmed has been chosen to preside over the meet which nearly 6,000 delegates are expected to attend.Individual awardees are Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, bishop of Mangalore for hos role of Christian institutions in Kannada education, Panditharadhya Shivacharya swamiji, Saanehalli for the service to Kannada culture, CP Krishna Kumar, Vishnu Naik and G Siddalingaiah for literature, Girish Kasaravalli for cinema, Vyjayanthi Kashi for dance and TV, Ramachandra Hegde Chittani for Yakshagana and Subhadramma Mansoor for stage.Loka Shikshana Trust, Hubli/Bangalore has been selected among institutions for the national-level award that comprises Rs 10,000 in cash, a citation, memento and felicitations and will be presented at the valedictory function on November 18. Aerya Lakshminarayna Alva, writer will deliver the valedictory address and Nisar Ahmed brings down the curtains on the meet with his observations on the meet and the deliberations held therein.Organized under the theme - Kannada manasu janapara chaluvaligallu - the highlight of the event will be the felicitations planned for the centenarian G Venkatasubbaiah, Kannada lexicographer at the inaugural function, M Mohan Alva, chairman of the foundation said on Monday. D Veerendra Heggade, dharmadhikari of Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala, will felicitate the centenarian while PV Narayan, writer will deliver the felicitation address.Nudisiri unitsWith plans afoot to hold the 10th edition of the event on a global scale next year, Alva said Alva's Nudisiri units are being set up in all districts of the state. Units have been set up in Tumkur, Mysore, Dharwad, Gadag, Davanagere, Chikmagalur, Mandya, Thirthahalli, Puttur, Mangalore, Kundapur, Bantwal, and Belthangady. Similar units will be started in Shimoga on November 11 and Sullia on November 13. There are also plans to start units in the Gulf in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011714", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar deserves Australian honour: Gilchrist", "text": "MUMBAI: The decision to offer the membership of Order of Australia to batting great Sachin Tendulkar may have evoked mixed reactions in that country, but there are many who strongly support the move. And among them is Australia's greatest 'keeper-batsman, Adam Gilchrist .\"When I got to know about it, I messaged him saying 'Welcome to the club' and was thrilled to get a reply in return, because I was fortunate enough to be conferred with the same honour (2010). The award certainly is a mark of respect to a great man,\" Gilchrist, whose 472 dismissals is the highest by a wicketkeeper in ODIs, said on Monday.Justifying his decision, even as his former teammate Matthew Hayden came out pretty strongly against it, Gilchirst added: \"The debate around this award and the variety of opinion is testimony of how amazing a profile Sachin (Tendulkar) has. In his 22 years of international cricket, he has helped forge a tremendous relationship between the two countries.\"Gilchrist, however, chose not to dwell too much into the growing calls for Tendulkar's retirement.\"He has 22 years of international cricket behind him. And a few times in 22 years, there's going to be some trough. I am not saying he is in a trough or not, I am not entitled to an opinion as to where he places himself. We have been asked if he has reached his peak on several occasions. I am sure even Sachin doesn't feel he is at the peak of his career. I have got no doubt that his desire and appetite for success remains as intact as ever.\"Recently, I read somewhere that he is playing a Ranji Trophy match this week, his first one in three or four years. The fact that he wants to go and take that as preparation, with a serious Test series coming up, is a testament to his professionalism and commitment to the game,\" added Gilchrist, who was in the city at the launch of an annual scholarship, named in honour of Donald Bradman for Indian students to study in Australia at the University of Wollongong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17011952", "title": "Lack of translation device fails to dampen investors' spirits", "text": "INDORE: Lack of translation devices failed to dampen the spirit of the investors at the GIS.For nearly 200 foreign delegates, lack of translator has been a matter of concern as most of the speeches delivered by the dignitaries during the seminar were in Hindi. It made their job difficult to understand the promises that were made by the state Chief Minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan , during the seminar as he spoke in chaste Hindi during his entire speech.Joseph Gamliel, CTO of an Israel firm, Dmulasia Solar Energy Pvt Ltd, which has plans to invest Rs 2,000 crore in the solar sector in the state, said, \"The state is blessed with ample sunlight and hence we are ready with our plan. We are planning to establish two solar projects in Mandsaur district of the state. Though the event was well-organized, the only problem was that there was no translation facility available for us. I found it tough to understand many of the promises made by the state chief minister for foreign investors like us.\"Chung Ying Lin, counsul general of Singapore , said, \"The translation facility should have been there for foreign delegates. It would have made our work easier.\"\"Though such events help us understand the investment climate in a better way. I think there is a lot of potential for the foreign investors to invest in MP.\"When contacted, industry and information technology minister of state, Kailash Vijaywargiya, agreed that the facility could not be arranged this time. However, I ensure you that we will definitely include it from next GIS onwards, added he.When it comes to the UK, a big number of investors from the country are interested in investing in the state. Some of them like Caparo have already opened their units in Dewas. Again, companies like Thomson and oxford University Press are in talks with the state government to set up their plans in the state. Overall, the atmosphere was better to invest in MP now, said Peter Buckingham, UK deputy counselor, Madhya Pradesh.Richard White , trade commissioner, New zealand, said, \"It is good opportunity to invest in MP. There are nearly 100 companies that are already having their plants in India, but not in Madhya Pradesh\".However, a few among them like Fronterra (dairy) have also evinced their interest in investing in the state. Fisher Paycal was another firm from the same country which was also interested in investing in MP, he added.When contacted, commerce and industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya said that it was a lapse on their part and assured that the mistake will not be repeated during the future events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17013003", "title": "Anna University to recruit PGs as teachers", "text": "CHENNAI: Anna University has hit upon a new idea to tackle faculty shortage in the university departments. It has decided to recruit 150 engineering postgraduates on contract basis and allow them to complete their doctoral degrees on the job.\"We are considering taking in ME / MTech candidates as teaching fellows, so there won't be a teaching deficit in the departments. We recruit the shortlisted candidates in a 1:5 ratio thro- ugh a written test and an interview,\" said university vice-chancellor P Kaliraj. The candidates will be given ad hoc appointment and asked to renew their contract every year.Candidates will be given the opportunity to pursue their PhD in the university departments simultaneously as they teach. \"This will ensure the research quality of the candidate is good, and once they get their doctorate they will be ready to be absorbed in the university departments or in other engineering colleges. This way we will have qualified faculty in a few years while meeting the present shortage,\" said Kaliraj. The All India Council for Technical Education prescribes a teacher - student ratio of 1:15.The move is an interim arrangement as the university lacks a regular syndicate before which a proposal to appoint faculty members must be placed and consent obtained before regular recruitment begins. After the merger of the five Anna Universities of Technology with Anna University, Chennai, the syndicate was dissolved. The state government is yet to deliberate on forming a new syndicate, after which a vice-chancellor selection committee will be formed to call for applications for the post of vice-chancellor.To meet shortages in engineering colleges, the AICTE has allowed recruitment of teachers with BTech as pro-term lecturers on the condition that they complete their ME / MTech course in three years. To encourage greater intake in MTech programmes, the AICTE permitted institutions to conduct masters engineering programmes in two shifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17013439", "title": "Fertile land attracts many to Georgia", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents here have lavish lifestyle but then they also are adventurous, when it comes to business ideas and are willing to take risks to make gains. And these days some Ludhianvis are putting their money in ventures in Georgia a far-off land in the Caucasian region. Attracted by its cheap but fertile land priced at Rs 40,000 to Rs 50,000 per acre, they are making investments in agriculture and related businesses and there are many others yearning to buy land there.Bharpoor Singh Atwal, 38, a resident of Manik Enclave who deals in used luxury cars and also owns a big workshop informed that he came to know about availability of very cheap land in Georgia, a sovereign state thats a part of Eurasia, from friends in Gujarat and in Chandigarh.I then checked out the location of Georgia on the net and was all the more attracted towards it, on finding that the country is also a member of the Council of Europe . As my friend from Gujarat had already bought a huge chunk of land there with some of his business partners, I decided to visit the country too, he said.Atwal said it was on an invitation from his friends company that he reached Georgia on a visa on arrival last year. The capital city, Tbilisi , is a beautiful place. With the Christmas celebrations having got under way, all the roads were charmingly lit up. I stayed at my friends big bungalow. His manager, who understood both English and the native language, showed me the country and also some of the farm lands, he said.The businessman was delighted to find that the soil was almost black in colour and the land was quite fertile, something that was in line with his expectations. He made up his mind and bought some apple, peach and wine orchards in Gurjaani, a town in the region of Kakheti in Alazani Valley.I could never have got such productive land at such a price in any part of India. I have more business ideas and I might settle down there permanently, he chimed.Daljeet Singh, 45, a resident of Urban Estate, Dugri, informed that he recently bought some land in Marneuli, a place around half an hour from Tbilisi. I have an established business here but farming is something that has always attracted me. When I came to know about Georgia and the dirt cheap lands there, I inquired about it and was amazed by the opportunities there. The country has a scanty population of 4.7 million that would be equivalent or a little less than our city's population, he said.Daljeet said he is hiring some people from nearby villages who would work for him in the fields and has decided to grow wheat initially. As there is no duty on import of agricultural implements to India, I will be export the implements from here to Georgia. There is a demand for wheat in Georgia itself and then if one wants to expand there is the whole of Europe that can be targeted from there, he smiled.Harminder Singh, a property consultant and a resident of Giaspura, while talking about his recent trip to the country said that he was quite impressed by the culture of the people there. a??I visited Batumi that has beautiful beaches and where people from all over the world flock. I plan to buy land there in the next trip for growing maize, however I have bought some land in Tsnori in the Alazani Valley. I also have a long term plan of setting up a food processing unit there and Georgia, the gateway to Europe, is an apt place for export of processed food items. I am collecting information in this regard, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012503", "title": "VIPs made to pay for falling foul of car window film rule", "text": "HYDERABAD: Film actors, businessmen, politicians and even bureaucrats were on Monday caught on the wrong side of the car-window tint rule. Although the police crackdown against car window films is on in full swing, several VIPs, have approached authorities requesting for exemption from the rule.A traffic police team posted at Jubilee Hills check-post on Monday issued 200 challans to four-wheelers for violation of MV Rule 92 and 100 (dealing with tinted window glass and windscreen) on Monday morning. Among those thus penalized were Telugu film director K Raghavendra Rao and business tycoon Sujana Chowdary's family members.Similarly, a special team near the Secretariat issued challans to 150 persons, including drivers of three MLAs, and over a dozen IAS officers. With several traffic police teams specifically focusing on tinted glasses, several VIPs are calling up senior police officers asking for exemption.However, the Supreme Court, in its order, had clearly mentioned that exemption to persons provided with Z and Z+ security could only be approved by a committee consisting of the director-general or commissioner of police and the home secretary of that state.The order further stated that even for VVIPs falling in the above categories, exemption should be given only for their official vehicles. \"So, as per the Supreme Court's orders, unless one enjoys Z or Z + security, they are not eligible to even ask for an exemption. That means most politicians, all film stars and even bureaucrats have to follow the rule,\" a top police officer said. It is learnt that the committee which may review such requests for exemption was yet to be formed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17013212", "title": "1 lakh complaints against ragging in a year", "text": "The call came late one night. It was from a student of an engineering college in Jhansi. There is a \"freshers' party\" later in the night, the caller said. He did not need to explain that the party was not meant to be a get-together where students share friendly handshakes and bonhomie. Thanks to a phone call from a helpline official, the warden and the principal were able to contain any kind of harassment.It once was a tradition, but today, ragging can take several forms with each institution having its own ritual. Freshers can be made to do anything \u00e2\u20ac\u201d doing their seniors' assignments for a whole year to running naked across fields at night. Only recently, 10 students were expelled from Allahabad University for allegedly making freshers perform sexual acts and filming them.In July this year, the government's anti-ragging campaign underwent a few changes. The UGC appointed the Aman Satya Kachroo Trust to monitor the programme for a year. It also began a website \u00e2\u20ac\u201d antiragging.in \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in collaboration with Dr Raj Kachroo, father of the late Aman Kachroo who lost his life in a gruesome ragging incident in a Himachal Pradesh medical college. Among other things, students can generate anti-ragging affidavits on the website and submit them to their respective colleges. This is basically an undertaking that they won't indulge in ragging.The number of affidavits currently stands at approximately one lakh. \"We hope to have one million students by next year,\" says Kachroo, adding, \"Later, when we have a larger database, we will launch a more localized campaign.\" The website also has a database of the complaints lodged with the helpline. The records can be accessed by entering the complaint number, following which, one can track the progress. The complaint is considered 'closed' only after the complainant acknowledges that it is. For future reference, all calls are recorded.Since June 2009, the 24x7 helpline launched by the HRD ministry has handled more than 1,650 complaints from across the country. A group of about 20 individuals at a time cooped up in a room in Delhi's Udyog Vihar take complaints ranging from verbal bullying to physical thrashing, before following them up with college authorities and even the local police. Many calls are from victims injured seriously enough to be hospitalized. In such cases, a fair amount of time is spent by the helpline in dialing landline numbers of various police stations, just trying to get the relevant officer to speak. \"We search the internet for phone numbers of colleges and police stations. We have been told now that we will have a college database integrated into our software soon,\" says the call center team manager Nishat Israil. Officials from the UGC were unavailable for comment.A perusal of the helpline data shows that complaints have steadily increased till 2011, when they peaked at 579. For 2012, the number presently stands relatively low at 298.Distress calls peak between July and September, when academic sessions begin in various colleges. UP is the top offender with 355 complaints since 2009. Delhi, surprisingly, recorded only one complaint. This year, from the 66 complaints received from UP, 24 were from Benares Hindu University (BHU), according to one of the helpline managers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17013917", "title": "Angels in distress dial 100 for help", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Angels are now a hassled lot. Pranksters are taking advantage of the toll-free emergency number - 102 - to harass and abuse the Active Network Group of Emergency Life Savers.The Angels sought police's help as prank calls increased. Most prank calls, Angels said, were sexual or abusive in nature.Surprisingly, several children too have been making prank calls. Angels said the kids seemed to enjoy making calls to the operators at main console set up in the Institute of Palliative Medicine.\"We are actually finding it very difficult as the majority of the calls are prank calls. The children, who make the calls, talk endlessly, forcing us to disconnect the call. There are others who keep calling, urging us to engage in 'dirty' talk with them,'' said Muhammed Ali Vayoram, console co-ordinator.He said that they had received 534 calls a couple of months ago, and only below 100 were genuine.Ali said pranksters were either ignorant or overlooking the fact that they were making a grave-at times even fatal-mistake by keeping the 102 line engaged.\"They are actually denying someone else's right to live,\" he said, adding that those who in real need of the Angels' service might not get connected to the console because of the prank calls.Ali said parents should ensure that their wards do not misuse the facility.Dr P P Venugopal, executive director of Angels, said the operators have been getting prank calls ever since the service was launched in 2011.\"We have already filed two complaints with the cyber cell of the city police, against those making abusive calls. Though formal talks were held with the BSNL, we could not come up with a concrete solution due to technical reasons,'' he said.The district administration launched the 24x7 Angels ambulance service in collaboration with private and public hospitals. It offers ambulances to the public at an affordable price.Kozhikode: The increasing number of prank calls to 102 -- the toll-free emergency number of the Active Network Group of Life Savers (ANGELS) has forced the agency to seek the help of the police to track down the callers.The prank calls are giving embarrassing moments to the operators sitting at the main console of the ANGELS set up at the Institute of Palliative Medicine (IPM) to pick up calls from public to designate ambulance to the locations of the district for the safe transportation of patients. The calls range from from talks with sexual undertones to overt abusive words.The children in particular seem to be enjoying pestering the emergency operators. They are making calls from the land phone as well as from the cellphones to the toll-free numbers. Such calls have become a nuisance to the agency, which is trying its best to serve the people who are in very much in need of it.We are actually finding very difficult to handle the work as the majority of the calls are prank calls. The children who make the calls talk endlessly fording us to disconnect the call. And are others who keep on calling urging us to engage in dirty talks,'' said Muhammed Ali Vayoram, console co-ordinator. Couple of months ago we recorded the number of calls in a day. Of the 524 calls received, only below 100 calls were made to either hire ambulances or for inquiry purpose. Rest of them were prank calls,'' said Muhammed Ali. Those who indulge in making prank calls are actually denying someone else right to life. Some people make calls and when we pick up the calls we could feel silence the other end. The parents should make sure that the land phones and cell phones are kept out of the reach of their children,'' he said.When contacted, Dr P P Vengugopal, Executive Director of ANGLES, said that the operators had started getting prank calls soon after the launch of the ambulance service in 2011. We have already filed two complaints with the city cyber cell for making abusive calls. Though formal talks were held with the BSNL-service provider, we have failed to come up with a concrete solution for the growing menace due to technical reasons,'' he said.The ANGELS service was launched in 2011 by the district administration with the help of public and private hospitals to provide 24x7 ambulance service to the public at an affordable price. The ANGELS is now having a total of fifty dedicated network of ambulances in the district for the transportation of people to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "17012903", "title": "2 kids out to excavate sand drown", "text": "BHIWANDI: The light went out for two Bhiwandi families before Diwali as their two kids drowned in a pond from which they were excavating sand to make a fort for Diwali.Ganesh Annam, 9, and Kirtan Ragda, 9, from near Ganesh Talkies in Bhiwandi, had accompanied two friends on Monday to excavate sand from a pond. But they drowned. Fire brigade personnel recovered their bodies later.The police recorded the victims' friends' statement and filed a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17015220", "title": "'Delhi schools will be provided better sports infrastructure'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government will soon improve sports infrastructure in all its schools to provide better facilities to students interested in pursuing sports as a career, education minister Kiran Walia said on Monday.The Minister said she will also push for giving pension to Arjun and Dronacharya award winners from the city by the Delhi government.Walia was speaking after inaugurating the All India Rajiv Gandhi Gold Cup tournament in Bawana.\"We will promote sports activities in all the schools to ensure better facilities to the students who wish to make a career in sports,\" she said.A host of competitions including basketball, badminton , judo and wrestling are being held as part of the three-day event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012938", "title": "1,900 N-plant protesters held in city", "text": "CHENNAI: Anti-nuclear protesters and leaders of some regional political parties were detained here on Monday as they attempted to lay siege to the Tamil Nadu assembly demanding shutdown of the Kudankulam nuclear power plant in Tirunelveli district. Among the 1,900 people detained were MDMK chief Vaiko, Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi leader Thol Thirumavalavan, Tamilaga Vazhvurumai Katchi founder Velmurugan and Manithenaya Makkal Katchi MLA Jawahirullah.Members of political parties and fishermen's associations were picked up minutes after they started marching towards the assembly at Fort St George from Rajarathnam Stadium in Egmore, where they had assembled. Police took them in buses to different marriage halls in the city and detained them there till evening. They were all released later.Addressing the protesters, Vaiko alleged that there was a secret deal between the Union government and the Sri Lankan government for supply power from the Kudankulam plant to the island nation. \"The Union government is planning to transmit power to Sri Lanka by destroying the lives of Tamils here. It has struck a deal to lay undersea cables for transmission of power,\" he alleged. The MDMK leader said that both the state and the Centre should take steps towards scrapping the project.Thirumavalavan said that the Centre should respect the sentiments of locals and decommission the Kudankulam nuclear plant, and all other nuclear projects in the country, like some western countries. \"If the AIADMK government plans to hold a bandh against the Centre for not allocating additional 1000MW of power to the state, my party will extend support,\" he said.Earlier, Marshalls Road in Egmore looked like a war zone, with huge posse of police personnel led by joint commissioner (east zone) V A Ravikumar being posted from early morning to prevent any untoward incidents.The arterial road was flooded with supporters of political outfits holding aloft party flags, leading to traffic disruptions on Ethiraj Salai and Pantheon Road for several hours. Hundreds of anti-Kudankulam protesters and functionaries of political parties were taken into preventing custody across the state on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016236", "title": "My daughter is safe: Kona Venkat", "text": "Ace writer Kona Venkat's 23 year old daughter Kavy Kona was stuck in the Sandy hurricane while returning from her office in New York. Kavya is working in Fraud Investigation &amp; Dispute Services department in Ernst &amp; Young, New York. While returning from her office on Monday, Kavya was struck in the one of the largest storms to ever hit the East Coast.When contacted Kona Venkat, he said, \"Yes, my daughter Kavya was stuck in Sandy hurricane but she's safe now and doing fine. Her office has been shut for two days and she's working from home. I thank everyone for all their wishes and prayers\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013287", "title": "Housing schemes: Lukewarm response for Jaipur Municipal Corporation camps", "text": "JAIPUR: The camps organized by the Jaipur Municipal Corporation for regularizing housing scheme under the Prashasan Sehron Ke Sang evoked lukewarm response on first day due to lack of awareness among residents.On Monday, camps organized in three zones received only 68 applications from the residents. In Amber zone, 13 applications were received. In Vidhyadhar Nagar zone, 35 applications were received while in Sanganer, 20 applications were received, said an official. \"There was less response as people were not aware. However, we are hoping to get a good response on Tuesday,\" he added.Meanwhile, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) under the Prashasan Sehron Ke Sang will organize the camps in zone 2 and 6 at Bhavani Niketan School, Sikar Road. In the camps, the residents staying in unregularised colonies developed before 1999 can deposit records of housing colony , outstanding ease money etc . \"Twenty two consultant firms has been appointed to expedite the work such as providing land deeds to slum houses, preparing lay out plan, etc,\" he said.The residents should utilize the opportunity as the government has given every possible relaxation for regularizing the housing scheme, said the official.\"The work will be speedy as the civic bodies are provided with powers to carry out works which were earlier done by the state governments. This will benefit residents as the civic bodies do not have to wait for the state government's approval,\" he said.It was also learnt that penalty will now be imposed if the plot owners fail to apply for land deed. As per state government orders, if the plot owners fail to apply for land deed in the first camp, they have to pay 15% interest on the amount of land deed in the next camp. Similarly, if they apply after December 25, they have to deposit double the amount to get the land deed,\" a senior official said.This year in June, the JDA prepared a list of 1,722 housing schemes developed before 1999. Other than that, between 1999 and 2002, nearly 614 housing colonies were developed by housing societies. \"So far, we have regularized approximately 1,000 colonies. However, 600 colonies have not been regularized due to various reasons. Around 800 colonies in the JDA periphery are yet to be regularized,\" the official added.Out of the 800 colonies, regularization of 360 colonies can be done easily, whereas it will be difficult for the JDA to regularize other colonies due to various reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012808", "title": "Social media spreads boycott call", "text": "MUMBAI: Social media have come in handy for the brains behind Wednesday's auto-taxi boycott call.\"Messages are already pouring in from various parts of the city, giving us support for the campaign,\" said chief organizer Rajesh Gade. He said the most number of responses pour in through SMSes and emails. \"We also have friends who have put up the message of 'No Auto-Taxi on October 31' on Twitter. It is spreading across to all commuters. People are expressing their anger and fuming over the recent fare hikes. It has burnt a hole in their pockets and many complain that the auto/ taxi services have not improved in the city,\" he said. Gade further said one commuter supported the cause by sending 380 SMSes in a single day.\"Our volunteers will stand peacefully outside a few railway stations between 7.30am and 9am on Wednesday, holding placards and wearing badges with the boycott message,\" he said and clarified that his NGO, Acharya Atre Katta, will not compel citizens to not board autos. \"If citizens want to board autos and taxis, we will not stop them. We are just requesting them to support our cause and fight the steep hikes.\"The NGO has received support from over a thousand members, most of whom are working round-the-clock to spread the message through print, electronic and social media such as Facebook. It also has the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat's backing. Gade said, \"We are new to Facebook and other platforms. We are keeping our fingers crossed and hope that the maximum number of Mumbaikars support us in this fight against fare hikes.\"An auto union leader said there have been similar protests in the past but, \"they last for a day. The next day, you will see a mad rush for autos\". The NGO has requested BEST to run additional services for the benefit of those participating in the protest. BEST officials said they will run the usual fleet and deploy more buses based on requirement.Chain SMSes are doing the rounds, too, asking citizens to boycott autos and taxis for a day on Wednesday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012667", "title": "State plans check on govt postings", "text": "MUMBAI: The state is considering carrying out all appointments to top government positions after clearances from a vigilance commission. The state is observing a central vigilance awareness week from October 29 to November 3.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that this was the practise followed at the Centre. \"This is a major lacuna here in the state. We had a brain-storming session on Monday on how it can be implemented,\" he said.At the Centre, the Public Enterprises Selection Board advertises top posts and they conduct interviews. On the transfer policy for the police, he said the cabinet sub-committee, led by industries minister Narayan Rane, had submitted its report to the cabinet and it was being studied.\"Security of tenure is a good policy and all transfers should not come to the government. When the Police Establishment Board submits its list, it should by and large not be changed as it goes against the spirit of the Supreme Court ruling,\" he said.Chavan said there is another side to transfers of \"posting the right person at the right place at the right time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013164", "title": "Quack held, released on bail", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrambaug police on Sunday arrested a 41-year-old woman from Gujarat for allegedly treating patients without holding required qualification. The woman, Nazira Moldharia, who claimed to be a doctor, was later released on bail.The complaint was lodged by Vijaykumar Powar, a Sangvi resident who works with the Aundh Chest Hospital. Moldharia has been charged under the Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Act, 1961.Sub-inspector of Vishrambaug police station A S Hatkar, who is investigating the case, told TOI that a few months ago, some citizens had complained against Moldharia. \"After conducting an inquiry, the district administration directed the officers at the Aundh Chest Hospital to lodge a complaint,\" Hatkar said.On Sunday, a police team raided Moldharia's clinic at Amrapali society in Sadashiv Peth and arrested her. \"Moldharia, who calls herself a diabetologist, used to treat diabetes patients with her ayurvedic medicines. She used to charge Rs 600 per patient,\" Hatkar said.Hatkar said Moldharia used to visit the city on Sundays. \"She claimed that she gained the knowledge in ayurveda from her parents. But, she is not a doctor,\" Hatkar said adding, \"We are investigating further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012710", "title": "RPF gives track death lessons at schools, colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: To curb trespassing, the Railway Protection Force (RPF) on the Western line has drawn up a list of chronic spots and launched a lecture series in schools and colleges located around it. The aim, say officials, is not only to make youths aware of the danger involved, but also to ensure that they go home and dissuade their parents from taking a short cut across the tracks.According to GRP statistics, 1,447 were killed due to trespassing of the total 2,551 accidental deaths on railway lines till September this year, which comes to 57%.\"The chronic locations are Jogeshwari, Kandivli, Khar, Mahim, Virar, Nalasopara, Dadar and Elphinstone Road stations. In several instances, commuters, particularly youngsters who plug in earphones while walking have lost lives unable to hear the motorman honking,\" said a RPF official. \"Hopping across tracks to change platforms or jumping over track dividers is observed routinely. To discourage this, we decided to start a series of lectures in schools and colleges. We feel if youngsters are convinced, a bulk of the problem is solved.\"The series began earlier this week. RPF personnel visit institutions and get in touch with the management. At least two personnel equipped with data and facts present the lecture. Transport experts say that more infrastructure projects which will provide alternate and quicker transportationare needed. The RPF also sought GRP help for the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17018147", "title": "I have been called the worst names in the industry: Vikram Bhatt", "text": "Filmmaker Vikram Bhatt is miffed with reports linking him with newbie Tia Bajpai.Vikram quashes the false reports saying, \"I am the kind of guy who wears his heart on his sleeve. I have never hidden my relationship and I have been called the worst names in the showbiz world. If there were anything going on between Tia, and me I would have come clean about it. I have said it again and I am going to say it once again, I am single. There is nothing going on between Tia and me\".So, how did this curious link-up arise? \"Well, since Aftab is not in town, I am accompanying Tia to all the publicity events for my film 1920: Evil Returns . And since I am promoting the film with her, people must have gotten some weird ideas,\" he says.So be it, Vikram. But the filmmaker has only kind words for his new find Tia who also featured in Haunted and the ill-fated film Lanka. \"Tia has done a fabulous job. To go on the other side of the spectrum and look ugly is not easy and takes a lot of guts. For some actors, to let go of the glam look isn't easy. In fact, I showed the film to Mahesh Bhatt the other day and he was very pleased too with Tia. In Bollywood , our actresses are majorly required to look pretty all the time,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012901", "title": "No alarm, only concern in Hesaraghatta", "text": "BANGALORE: As one takes the road leading up to the Central Poultry Development Organization, the ground zero of avian flu, people wearing masks are a common sight. But not elsewhere in the town that houses this institute. Hesaraghatta, whose lifeline is the poultry industry, appears to be oblivious to the bird flu outbreak in its vicinity. There is concern, but no panic.Most shops are doing business as usual, but poultry shops and non-vegetarian restaurants remain shut. Near the CPDO, however, men and women in masks can be seen.A woman at the counter of the only makeshift shop in front of the CPDO is loudly wondering whether she should keep her store open as another man listens. Both are wearing masks. A few policemen are sitting huddled, keeping guard at the entrance of the institute.The CPDO is itself located nearly 2 km off the Hesaraghatta main road. Facing it is the residential quarters of the staffers. So far, only employees of the CPDO have been provided with N95 masks and Tamiflu tablets. Around 50 families of staffers stay in the quarters.There is confusion among residents here. They are waiting for a proper briefing from authorities on the dos and the don'ts.\"We have been told we will all be provided with masks and Tamiflu tablets but so far we have not received them. One of my neighbours told me that they were supplying these at the medical centre but I don't really know where the medical centre is and I am hoping someone will come to give the tablets and the masks,\" said a resident of the quarters who did not want to be named.Visitors are not allowed inside CPDO poultry since the outbreak. Those working inside the poultry have been given coverall suits and masks. Vehicles heading in and emerging from the CPDO are sprayed with disinfectants. The vehicle tyres have to rested awhile in a pool of chemicals before proceeding ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013877", "title": "Court raps cops for 'half-hearted' probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shoddy probe done by the Delhi Police in a dowry death case has earned the ire of a trial court, which said that the investigation in the case was done in a \"half-heartedly and predisposed manner.\"The court made these observations while acquitting a man and his mother, facing trial for allegedly driving his newly-wed wife to commit suicide by harassing her for dowry, for want of any evidence against them.The court said the prosecution has failed to prove that the victim was harassed by her in-laws for dowry and also pulled up the Delhi Police for conducting its investigation in the case in a \"half-heartedly and predisposed manner.\"\"In view of the evidence , I hereby hold that the death of the deceased was suicidal,\" additional sessions judge Kamini Lau said.\"I am pained to observe that the investigation has been conducted in most half-heartedly and predisposed manner. There are many unanswered questions on the sequence of events leading to the death of the deceased. Whether the deceased decided to end her life on account of harassment caused by her in laws or for any other reason , has not been conclusively established and clearly two views are possible ,\" the court said.The court freed Rohini residents Bhuvnesh Arora and his mother Krishna of the charges of harassing and cruelly treating his wife Rajni Arora, who had flung herself to death from the seventh floor of a residential building at Pitampura in northwest Delhi.Bhuvnesh and Rajni, who was working at NASA laboratories, had married in February 2007 and she committed suicide in July 2007, three months after her marriage. As per the medical reports, the victim had consumed alcohol before her death and the doctor had deposed that Rajni was not habituated to alcohol.According to the prosecution , the woman's husband and mother-in-law used to demand money from her parents and they also ill-treated her when their demands were not fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012660", "title": "Railways to run special train to clear festive rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear the extra rush of passengers during festivals, Railways has decided to run a weekly festival special train number 02502/ 02501 New Delhi-Guwahati weekly AC special train. The train will stop at Allahabad and Kanpur also.The train 02501 will depart from Guwahati on every Thursday from November 1 to November 22 (4 trips) at 05.55 a.m. to reach New Delhi at 01.00 p.m. the next day. In the return direction, train number 02502 will depart from New Delhi on every Friday from November 2 to 23 at 11.45 p.m. to reach Guwahati at 08.15 a.m. on Sunday.The train will comprise one AC first class, two AC II tier and 10 AC III tier coaches. The train will stop at Kamakhya, Goalpara Town, New Bongaigaon, Alipur Dwar, New Jalpaiguri, Kishanganj, Katihar, Naugachia, Khagaria Jn., Begusarai, Barauni, Patna, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur stations enroute in both directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016725", "title": "Chris Brown with models at Playboy mansion", "text": "Chris Brown looked thrilled to be in the company of a couple of half naked models, as he attended the Playboy mansion's annual Halloween party on Saturday night.Chris, 23, donned a cheeky grin as he posed with two particular redheads, British glamour twins Melissa and Carla Howe, who are said to have hooked up with Russell Brand last month.The busty ladies were seen around Chris in barely-there costumes, but Brown was quite the gentleman and kept his eyes and hands to himself and eventually zoomed home alone in his 750,000-dollar Lambo, the Global Grind reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013392", "title": "1 fogging machine for 31L Jaipurites", "text": "JAIPUR: How does Pink City tackle the lethal mosquito menace behind the spread of malaria and dengue? It uses one solitary fogging machine. In a season where mosquito-borne diseases are refusing to die down, the city of over 31 lakh people makes do with only one fogging machine and only one expert. And no one has the foggiest idea why.For years, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) and health department have been conducting fogging operations with only one machine even though the city has expanded significantly in the last one decade.As for the sole technical expert, fifty seven-year-old Matadin Singh Tanwar has just three years left for retirement. Tanwar supervises the fogging to exterminate mosquitoes in the city. Another person, who like Tanwar was also trained by UNICEF in fogging with car-mounted machines has already retired some couple of years ago. Tanwar is a health supervisor in medical health and family welfare department but he has also been doubling up as a fogging machine mechanic and operator with the JMC for more than a decade.Tanwar said, \"I am the only trained person in fogging by UNICEF in the city. But before I retire I want to train others in the job.\" Tanwar claimed that for over 25 years, he has been the key person involved in fogging. Earlier, he was involved in fogging work for the health and family welfare department and now he has been operating car-mounted fogging machines for JMC.JMC health commissioner Sawarmal Meena said, \"We have already started fogging in the city. We conduct fogging activities in coordination and supervision of health department as it involves chemicals and health issues.\"However, a health department official claimed that they have more persons who know how to operate the machines. He alleged that the JMC has another machine which is more sophisticated but it is not being used .Sources said that the operational cost of fogging machine is quite high. For one hour, the machine requires 100 litres of diesel and 5 litres of chemical used in fogging. Also, it requires 13 litres of petrol to heat the burner of the machine and produce smoke. The mixture of diesel and the chemical turns into a 'lethal fog' which kills mosquitoes. The sources also said that with a single fogging machine, it is not possible for the JMC and health8department to cover the 8entire city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012620", "title": "Two women end life in separate incidents in Hyderabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two suicide cases were reported in the city on Monday from Mahanagar and Nigohan. A 25-year-old woman who worked as a maid was found dead in the bathroom cum store section of a first floor flat of Malhar apartment in Mahanagar. The multi-storey residential building is located near Wireless crossing in the Mahanagar area.Hailing from a village in Gumla district of Jharkhand, Anita Devi, the deceased had been doing household chores for Mayur Garg's family for past five months. Garg, the occupant of the flat, is a garments trader.The alarm was raised by another maid, who has been employed by the Gargs only to look after their children, when the deceased Anita did not respond to wake up calls at around 8.00 a.m. The door was locked from inside and Mayur decided to inform police instead of forcibly breaking-into the store-room.The police found Anita's body hanging from the ceiling fan. She had wrapped a stole around her neck to end her life, and are trying to find out the reasons for suicide and had informed the family members of the deceased about the incident.In Nigohan, a 20-year-old girl ended her life in the same manner in Purihaya village. Mansa Pandey, a student of BA second year, according to police took the extreme step owing to study related pressure. Mansa was studying in a degree college in Bachhrawan area of Rae Bareli, and ended her life on Sunday when her parents had gone out. Both the deceased did not leave behind any note claiming responsibility for their acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012576", "title": "Mulayam to partymen: Lok Sabha elections can happen any time now", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the much-awaited cabinet reshuffle of the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) coalition in the Centre, Mualaym Singh Yadav, the national president of its key ally Samajwadi Party , asked his party workers to be ready for the next Lok Sabha elections as \"they can happen any time now\". He also hinted that the party had already finalized the list of candidates for the polls which may be released any moment now.The SP president's statement gains significance in the light of the statement of a senior SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav on Sunday over zero representation of Uttar Pradesh in the Sunday Cabinet reshuffle.Party strategist and sitting MP Ram Gopal Yadav - who is also the most Mulayam's cousin and an influential national general secretary of the party - went on to hit the UPA stating that the cabinet reshuffle was apparently more aimed at promoting and protecting tainted ministers, rather than anything else.A day later, the SP chief called upon the cadre to pull up their socks.\"The next general elections can be held anytime now.There is hardly any time left to waste and it is your responsibility to ensure that the people are well informed about what all the SP government has done during a short span of eight months,\" Mulayam said, adding \"If we manage to capture 60 of the total 80 seats in UP, let me assure you that the party will emerge as a major factor in the formation of the government at the Centre,\" he said.Addressing the party workers in Lucknow on Monday, Mulayam said: \"I have already talked to the candidates in UP about how to go ahead with the exercise...it is now time for you to make a move on the ground.\" Mulayam said the power supply in Uttar Pradesh was one factor that affected each and every individual in the state.The government has taken the necessary steps to handle the problem and the impact of the government moves would be visible in the days to come.SP supports the UPA government from outside and has in recent past reiterated its continued support to the Central government.The party has been looking for a pivotal role in the making of any government at the Centre following the next Lok Sabha elections and has even projected Mulayam as a possible prime ministerial candidate of the non-Congress, non-BJP alliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17011622", "title": "Seminar on 'Book of Revelation'", "text": "The Jesuit Fathers of Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia, as part of the 'Year of Faith 2012-13', will organize a two-day seminar on the 'Book of Revelation' in English, on November 3 and 4 at its premises. On the first day the seminar will be held from 5pm to 7.30pm, while on November 4 it will conducted from 9am to 2pm.For details and registration call on 8805570108, 2776917 or 2858323, or email at deepenyourfaith@gmail.com. Last date to register is November 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17012768", "title": "Thevar jayanthi begins on a grand note, security tightened", "text": "MADURAI: Thevar Jayanthi celebrations have kickstarted on a grand note and thousands of police personnel have been pressed into service in Madurai and the route leading to the Muthuramalingam Thevar memorial in Pasumpon village in Ramanathapuram district. Several uniformed personnel were on guard on Monday near the Thevar statue in Goripalayam junction. Barricades have been erected around the statue to ensure a smooth movement of people who wish to pay their respects to the leader.The area has been abuzz since Monday with several people waiting in a beeline to garland the statue. Special poojas were performed at the memorial in Pasumpon and over a thousand women set out on a procession from Kamudhi in Ramanathapuram to the memorial, carrying pots of milk and 'mullaipari' (sprouted gram saplings) on their head. The milk will be used to perform abhishekams on Tuesday.A group of over 100 women cooked pongal as an offering to their leader in Virudhunagar district. On Tuesday, the ceremony will include performing milk abhishekams, cooking pongal and tonsuring of heads as an offering to Thevar.The Ramanathapuram district administration has chalked out specific routes for leaders and fans to visit the memorial with ease. They have been strictly prohibited from venturing into non-permitted routes. On Monday, all vehicles entering the memorial were frisked.Meanwhile, the memorial has been polished and spruced up for the occasion. Those who visited the memorial on Monday were all praise for the administration that bettered the muddy path around the memorial. \"Two years ago, we had to walk through slush around the memorial because it had rained during the ceremonies. But now with sand poured around, it's easier to walk,\" they said. Among the several people who visited the memorial on Monday were Congress leader Gnanadesikan and former minister Thirunavukkarasar.Over 10,000 policemen will stay on guard to ensure the celebrations happen smoothly at Ramanathapuram. This includes 14 superintendents of police, 51 inspectors and 500 sub-inspectors.Tuesday will witness a larger crowd of important delegates participating in the celebrations. A group of Tamil Nadu ministers led by O Paneerselvam is expected to visit the memorial, besides Vaiko and actor Karthik. A time schedule is prepared for visitors from various political parties at the memorial. Interestingly, there is no mention of a specific time for DMDK members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012957", "title": "DMDK rebel MLAs get VIP treatment at CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s function", "text": "CHENNAI: In a clear indication of shifting loyalties, four DMDK MLAs, who recently called on chief minister J Jayalalithaa to seek welfare schemes for their constituencies, were given VIP treatment at a function on Monday to lay the foundation stone for an arch to mark diamond jubilee celebrations of the Tamil Nadu Assembly. The four DMDK legislators, including Tamil Azhagan, Sunderarajan, Michael Rayappan and Arun Pandian, were provided seats in the front row at the function presided over by the chief minister and held near the War Memorial.The proposed arch, to be built at a cost of 1.33 crore, will be 80-feet wide and 41-feet high and will incorporate traditional and modern features. It will come up on the arterial Rajaji Salai between the War Memorial and the state secretariat.The four MLAs were provided separate seating arrangements in the assembly as well, when it met on Monday. Though technically the four are still with the DMDK, their meeting with the chief minister made it clear that all was not well within the party led by actor Vijayakanth.The usual tradition of exchanging pleasantries was also not evident as the four legislators seemed virtually isolated. Though Vijayakanth came to the House to sign the assembly register and met a few of his colleagues, the four MLAs did not interact with him. Having incurred the wrath of the party by calling on the chief minister, all four were seated together as a group.During the session that lasted two-and-a-half hours, senior AIADMK leader Pollachi V Jayaraman was elected unopposed as the deputy speaker of the Tamil Nadu assembly. His election was necessitated following the elevation of his predecessor V Dhanapal as speaker when D Jayakumar resigned from the post. Jayaraman, a three-time MLA and former minister, was elected una- nimously. His was the only no- mination received for the post of deputy speaker, he added.After the speaker announced the election of Jayaraman as deputy speaker, chief minister J Jayalalithaa, deputy leader of the opposition Panruti S Ramachandran, DMK floor leader M K Stalin and leaders of various political parties greeted him.The brief monsoon session ill continue till November 2. The House will not meet on Tuesday to enable party leaders to pay homage to freedom fighter Muthuramalinga Thevar on his anniversary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17013558", "title": "MBA students beaten up by seniors", "text": "Noida: Two MBA students of a private university in Noida were thrashed by their seniors in their college allegedly after they refused to call them 'Sir' on Monday morning. The victims, Amit Chuahan and Sachin Chauhan, are cousins and had to be taken to the hospital for treatment after they sustained injuries during the altercation. Cops have registered a case at the Sector 39 police station. Meanwhile, the university administration has also initiated a probe in the matter.The victims, both first-year MBA students in Amity University, alleged that they had been ragged. Sachin Chauhan suffered injuries on the head and had to be given five stitches to cover the wound, said police officers. Cops said that investigations are in progress and an FIR has been lodged under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation).Speaking to TOI, Amit Chauhan said, \"We were standing in the campus when around 10 senior students approached and ragged us. The incident occurred when Sachin and I were standing next to the administrative office. The seniors asked us to call them 'Sir' and speak respectfully to them. When we objected to the way they were talking to us, they slapped my brother. They then banged my head against the wall when I tried to intervene.\"Meanwhile, officials of Amity University have called the incident a scuffle between two students group. \"A brawl broke out between two groups during a sports activity. Teachers and other officials stopped the fight and first aid was provided to the injured. A probe has been initiated and one student has been put under temporary suspension,\" said Savita Mehta, vice-president (communications), Amity University.purusharth.aradhak@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012904", "title": "This Diwali film ticket prices to soar", "text": "MUMBAI: Theatres and multiplexes will witness a rise of 15% to 40% in ticket next month, when three big-ticket films have been lined up to be released during the Diwali week.\"Usually, ticket rates go up during festivities such as Diwali and New Year. The same happens when a big-ticket film releases. The two factors together are likely to push up the prices of our chain by an average of 10-12% in the rest of the country and slightly more in Mumbai,\" Anand Vishal, operations head of Fun Cinemas, said.With three big-ticket movies, Yash Chopra's last film, Jab Tak Hai Jaan, Ajay Devgn-starrer Son Of Sardar and Aamir Khan-starrer Talaash, set to come in theatres, industry pundits are not surprised by the hike in prices predicted for Diwali.Trade experts predict that tickets will see a jump of at least 40% during the weekdays and 10 to 15% on weekends. Vishal said, \"Throughout the year, tickets are sold at subsidized rates. But during festive seasons, when big-ticket films are also usually released, most number of people visit theatres and movie halls make highest business. At this time, the subsidized rates are not offered and so, the ticket prices jump up. This year will be no exception.\" An official linked with another multiplex said theatres do more business in one festive week than the entire month of a lean period. \"It is a normal practice that premium prices are charged during festivals. But once week passes, we will roll back the rates,\" said Girish Wankhede of Cinemax Cinemas.When Ek Tha Tiger was released, tickets sold for higher rates than usual, but the prices had to be rolled back after five days. Source, however, said this Diwali, the high rates were likely to stay for at least 10 days, given that three big releases were lined up for the period.Trade analyst Amod Mehra says audiences are ready to pay more for big-ticket films. \"Going to cinemas is kind of an addiction for the Indian audiences,\" he said. \"Earlier, we bought tickets in black and the money we paid back then matches the current festive rates of multiplexes. So what's the big deal?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013793", "title": "'84 riots remembered in photo show", "text": "NEW DELHI: The most remarkable part of the exhibition of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots photographs at Delhi University on Monday was that it happened at all. The organizers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a forum supporting the \"Justice Campaign for 1984\" and students' body, Socialist Yuvjan Sabha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were at first refused permission to display the photographs at Arts Faculty . They were allowed, but only after the group crossed the road, lined up holding the photographs along the Wall of Democracy and a member of Delhi University Students' Union intervened.The exhibition of about 80 photographs is the first of its kind. It was first displayed at Jallianwala Bagh on October 21 and entered Delhi on October 27. \"It will be displayed at eight venues in the city,\" says former journalist Jarnail Singh, one of the founding members of a forum for \" Forgotten Citizens\" which is running the campaign. The travelling photo exhibition is meant to drum up support for a protest at Jantar Mantar on November 3.The SYS, partnering with them for the DU leg of the show, was told that \"the university is not for this\" . \"We sent the letter to authorities three days ago. But today (Monday) they denied us permission to set up saying we should have applied 70 days ago and they have got a group of guards asking us to go,\" says Rakesh Kumar Dubey of SYS.Singh, along with around 30 members of the forum, moved the boxes of framed prints to the other side of Chhatra Marg and lined them along the Wall of Democracy. They didn't stop the traffic but definitely slowed it down as cars and scooters braked to take a look.The photos, taken by photojournalists and independent photographers, were disconcerting. One shows 26 women \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all from the same family \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who were widowed. \"Our point is not to incite violence,\" says Harish Khanna, vice-president , Delhi University Teachers' Association. \"We want to sensitize people. It is small-mindedness on the part of the university, the wrong attitude. The purpose of education is defeated if the university keeps people from sensitizing the new generation,\" he adds.The rather striking sight of a line of men and women holding up black-and-white images drew the attention of many, including the ABVPbacked DUSU joint-secretary , Vishu Basoya. With his intervention, the organizers were able to display the images at their original venue by 12.30pm. \"It takes hours to set up so we didn't display the entire collection,\" says Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012900", "title": "HC to give verdict on VAT today", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court is scheduled to deliver its verdict on the Maharashtra government's decision to charge value-added tax (VAT) on under-construction buildings between 2006 and 2010 on Tuesday, a day before the deadline for developers to pay the levy ends.\"Ultimately, the burden will be on the middle-class tax payers or buyer of flats,\" said a division bench of Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice Rajesh Ketkar. The bench will start hearing the case at 9.30am, one-and-a-half hours before the court opens at 11am.The court is hearing a bunch of petitions filed by the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry-Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (MCHI-Credai), the representative body of builders in the state, along with the Pune-based Marathi Bandkam. An PIL has also been filed by Grahak Hitawardhini, a Pune-based consumer organization.The petitioners have questioned if the sale of flats constitutes a work contract. They have also claimed that the VAT of 5% and 1% for flats purchased from 2006 to 2010 and post-2010 respectively was against the law, as it included the cost of land, which was an immovable property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17014183", "title": "33,000 poultry birds being culled near Bangalore to contain bird flu outbreak", "text": "BANGALORE: Bird flu continues to wreak havoc at the Central Poultry Development Organization (CPDO) at Hesaraghatta, 40 km from here, necessitating culling of thousands of chicken, ducks and emus at the institute and its vicinity.On Monday, the state government said tests had confirmed that 206 chicken and 17 ducks that died at the institute last weekend were affected by the highly pathogenic avian influenza ( H5N1) virus.The development prompted the animal husbandry department to announce culling of over 33,000 birds \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 19,235 chicken, 13,673 ducks and 369 emus \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the CPDO premises and its 1-km radius. It said 52 chicken sheds in the area are being sanitized to prevent any spread of the flu.\"About 80 samples were collected from villages around CPDO and sent for tests to Bhopal's High-Security Animal Disease Laboratory on Saturday. No further unnatural deaths of birds have been reported from this zone,\" said animal husbandry department principal secretary Aravind Jannu.Action has also been initiated to sanitize turkey, duck, emu and chicken units. The Centre has notified that the area of culling has to be extended up to a radius of 1 km from CPDO.\"Ten teams are involved in surveillance work in the 10-km-wide affected zone. Twenty-five rapid response teams are involved in the culling and disposal of the birds on the CPDO farm,\" said Jannu.A school on the CDPO premises has been closed for 15 days, the official said.Last week, an action plan was activated in the CPDO farm and its vicinity after tests confirmed that 3,481 turkeys had died of avian flu in the institute. About 800 turkeys were later culled.An alert was sounded across 68 villages within 10 km of Hesaraghatta. About 1.5 lakh poultry birds are housed in the commercial and private farms in these villages.The forest department has been alerted about the situation and directed to take up surveillance of stray, wild and migratory birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016629", "title": "Vikram Singh to lock horns with Mahesh Babu", "text": "Bollywood actor Vikram Singh, who played one of the baddies (gangster brother) trying to woo Tamannaah in Prabhas-starrer Rebel, is now getting ready to lock horns with prince Mahesh Babu. Vikram will be once again seen in negative shades of Mahesh Babu's upcoming film directed by Sukumar. The actor is currently shooting in Goa where the unit is canning talkie part and action episodes (under the supervision of action choreographers Ram-Laxman) on Mahesh Babu, Vikram Singh and Kriti Sanon.Vikram Singh posted on his micro blogging site, \"im shooting as villan with mahesh babu in goa, my 1st film was rebel wth prabhas. Playing a baddie is fun sometimes as in bollywood i am all about good boy.cheers to my telugu and other followers. Having a good time shooting my next telugu film after Rebel.Its untitled yet directed by sukumar and opp Mahesh Babu.Good tan shoot in Goa. Shooting hard out in goa with mahesh babu my next telugu film.Looking forward to some great action with action director Ram Laxman.\" (sic).Anil Sunkara, Gopi and Ram Achanta are producing the film under 14 Reels Entertainments banner. Devi Sri Prasad is rendering the music for this film, which is slated for release next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012980", "title": "Minutes of govt meetings can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be revealed: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: More than a year after the Tamil Nadu government withdrew 'Y' category security to 35 persons, the Madras high court has said the unpublished minutes of the security review meeting, where the decision was taken, are privileged information which need not be revealed.Tracing the judicial journey of Section 123 of the Indian Evidence Act, 1872, which relates to privileged information and 'affairs of the state', Justice V Ramasubramanian, dismissed a writ petition filed by former AIADMK MP N Jothi and said: \"Internal security is certainly a matter with which the State is definitely concerned.\"Section 123 reads: \"No one shall be permitted to give any evidence derived from unpublished official records relating to any affairs of the State, except with the permission of the officer at the head of the department concerned, who shall give or withhold such permission as he things fit.\"Jothi, who was a Rajya Sabha MP from 2002 to 2008, was given personal security officers since 2003 due to a threat perception. The security cover was withdrawn in 2006 and restored in 2009, only to be withdrawn following a security review committee meeting on May 20 last year.Jothi filed a petition seeking enhancement of his security from 'Y' to 'Y+' category. On May 26 last year, the court directed the government to continue his 'Y' category security.The government filed a counter-affidavit stating withdrawal of security to Jothi was not an isolated event and that 34 others too lost their security cover. Jothi's said he wanted details of issues concerning him only. He also listed nine questions seeking details such as the place of the meeting, composition of the team, details of the other 34 persons and their party affiliations.Referring to the details sought, Justice Ramasubramanian said: \"From the list of questions raised by him, it is clear that he seeks the production of the minutes of the meeting of the security review committee for the purpose of conducting a roving enquiry. It is needless to point out that such an exercise cannot be allowed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012290", "title": "Influx into Jagan party continues", "text": "HYDERABAD: In continuation of influx into the YSR Congress, Congress MLA Madadla Rajesh Kumar, who represents Chintalapudi assembly segment in West Godavari, and former TDP legislator Chengala Venkata Rao from Payakaraopeta joined the party on Monday.While YSR CP honorary president Y S Vijayamma received the leaders at her Lotus Pond residence, sources said more leaders, including TDP MLA Tenneti Vanitha, who represents Gopalapuram (SC reserved) segment in West Godavari along with the party leader PVG Kumar are set to join the party on November 4. Her decision came a few days after former TDP legislator P Venkatakrishna Rao also joined the YSRC.Rajesh Kumar told reporters that he had decided to quit the Assembly and would send his resignation letter to Speaker Nadendla Manohar. Interestingly, TDP leader K Raja Rao , who was defeated by Rajesh Kumar in 2009 elections, also announced that he would be joining YSRCP on Nov 4.Payakaraopet YSRCP MLA Golla Babu Rao, who was present on the occasion, said Venkata Rao was fed up with the working style of TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu . \"Venkata Rao was attracted towards the aims and objectives of the YSRCP and has a great appreciation for the welfare schemes implemented by YSR. I welcome him wholeheartedly into the party,\" said Babu Rao on the occasion.Venkata Rao told newspersons that though he represented the Payakaraopet constituency for 10 years (from 1999 to 2009), the TDP had never given him due recognition. \"Naidu never followed my advice in implementing welfare schemes,\" he said, adding that Congress and TDP have conspired together against Jagan and jailed him. \"I have joined the YSRCP as an ordinary worker and not for any posts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17013798", "title": "New film reveals CIA's 1979 'mad' mission in Iran", "text": "LONDON: Hollywood film \" Argo\", which has been directed by Ben Affleck , reveals the story of a fictional sci-fi movie created as cover for CIA agent, Tony Mendez, who underwent in 1979 one of the most dangerous missions in the history of CIA .Ayatollah Khomeini had taken control of Iran a month earlier and the country was in violent turmoil during the period. The US embassy where staff had been taken hostage and held under appalling conditions, the movie crew casually informed stunned Revolutionary Guards they were there to scout locations for a new sci-fi epic.More than a few Iranian officials must have rubbed their beards in wonder at this laid-back, drawling bunch of Hollywood poseurs pitching up in their capital without a care for the upheavals caused by the Revolution.And it wasn't true at all. The story of these six intrepid moviemakers is one of the most extraordinary cloak-and-dagger tales of the 20th century.It remained classified until 1997, when the CIA decided it was finally time to crow about one of its greatest triumphs. The Tehran operation, which became known as the Canadian Caper, has now been dramatized in film \"Argo\" the 'Daily Mail' reports.The Iranian hostage crisis was one of America's darkest hours, but \"Argo\", starring Affleck and co-produced by George Clooney , relates how the US pulled off an audacious rescue right from under the nose of its enemy.A maverick CIA agent, Mendez, persuaded a desperate US government that the best way of spiriting six trapped diplomats out of the most dangerous place on Earth was to turn the golden rule of espionage operations, 'Don't Attract Attention' on its head.Three months earlier, in November 1979, Iranian anti-US protesters had shocked the world by storming Tehran's US embassy and taking 52 Americans hostage, and they were to be held for the next 444 days. But the mob that occupied the embassy overlooked a small group of diplomats, four men and two women, who were in the consulate building, and they fled through the streets, finding refuge with Canadian embassy staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013094", "title": "12-year-old girl electrocuted in Hinjewadi", "text": "PUNE: The 12-year-old daughter of a labourer was electrocuted at an under-construction building in Hinjewadi on Sunday morning.The Hinjewadi police said the deceased Nagendrama Sahebanna Karen's parents are workers at the site in Hinjewadi.Senior police inspector of the Hinjewadi police station Satish Deore said the accident happened around 7.30 am on Sunday when Nagendrama went inside a bathroom at the site to take a bath. The police suspect that the tin sheds of the bathroom may have come in contact with a live wire due to which Nagendrama suffered a shock.Nagendrama was rushed to a nearby private hospital where she was declared dead. A case of accidental death has been registered. Deore said the police will register a case of death due to negligence only after a thorough inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012713", "title": "Blood-on-call in state by year-end", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government is all set to roll out blood-on-call services in the state by year-end. The ambitious project of delivering blood on a phone call will be flagged off from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's hometown, Satara, and Sindhudurg. Former chief minister and Congress leader Narayan Rane hails from Sindhdurg. Rane is the industries minster in the ruling DF government.According to public health department officials, the pilot project will be initiated in the two districts and gradually implemented in rest of the state.Confirming the development, public health minister Suresh Shetty said, \"Before the end of 2012, the scheme aimed at delivering blood on a phone call will be in place in the state. Initially, the project will be undertaken on pilot basis in two districts. There should not be any hurdles in implementation. However, if the department comes across any technical glitches or other issues during the pilot project implementation, the problems will be immediately addressed and rectified.\"On how long people from other districts will have to wait, Shetty said, \"If the pilot project is successful, the scheme will be implemented in the remaining districts soon.\"According to the health department officials, a special helpline number would be set up for the \"dial-a-blood-bag\" project. Any citizen who requires blood can dial the helpline number and a worker on a bike will deliver the packages at the specified destination.Explaining the reason for introducing this system, additional chief secretary, health, T C Benjamin said, \"The blood-on-call project will ensure easy and direct delivery of blood at hospitals and patients or their relatives will not be made to run around looking for blood.\"According to state government statistics, there are nearly 275 blood banks in Maharashtra and over 11.5 lakh units of blood is collected annually from donors.Stating that there is no control over circulation of blood bags collected through blood donation camps, Shetty said, \"The new system will keep a check on erring blood banks. Also, the project will prevent malpractices in this sector.\"The move has been welcomed by NGOs. \"The system will force blood banks to report the exact stock available, which is not happening at present. Also, the project will ensure that hospitals will have to accept the blood delivered to them rather than asking victims or their relatives to get donors to the hospital for the required blood,\" said Vinay Shetty, vice-president of Think Foundation, an NGO working in the field of thalassaemia. \"But one will have to wait and watch how the system works, before coming to any conclusion,\" he remarked.Helpline to be set up soonThe government will soon set up a special helpline number so that people can place requests for blood, which will be delivered at the specified destination.Blood is not a saleable commodity. However, under the guise of processing charges, several blood banks try to exploit the situation. With the new system, the government is attempting to prevent and curb such malpractices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17013427", "title": "3 top babus revolt against government", "text": "HYDERABAD: Slamming the state for creating chaos in the administration, three senior IAS officers of the rank of special chief secretaries virtually revolted against the government by approaching the Central Administrative Tribunal ( CAT) challenging its decision to appoint a junior officer M Samuel as chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA). They urged the tribunal to set aside not only Samuel's appointment as CCLA but also his promotion to the post of a special chief secretary. The CCLA's post is seen as the stepping stone to that of the chief secretary.Special chief secretary (home) Chaya Ratan, special chief secretary (primary education) Indrajit Pal and special chief secreary director general of MCR Institute of HRD Md Shafiquzzaman jointly filed the petition on Monday, contending that it was illegal to fill a cadre post like CCLA with a temporarily promoted junior officer. They pointed out that Samuel was an accused in a CBI case and facing criminal prosecution. The petitioners are 1977 batch IAS officers, while Samuel is a year junior to them.The senior officers said the state's action in promoting Samuel to the apex grade of special chief secretary itself was illegal as there were no vacancies in that rank on the day (January 29, 2011) he was promoted. There were five cadre posts in the chief secretary rank and the state had no powers to create ex-cadre posts in the same rank without filling up all the available cadre posts first, the petitioners pointed out. They also said creating ex-cadre posts in an illegal manner and artificially equating them with apex grade posts and ignoring the rightful claims of seniors had caused great injustice to them.They maintained in their plea that matters pertaining to cadre strength, structure, creation of posts, promotions and postings, etc. of IAS officers were not left to the whims and fancies of the governments and that they were governed by the IAS cadre and pay rules and well laid-down legal provisions. \"The state is willfully destroying the structure by bringing in juniors on a par with seniors and making a large number of officials eligible for the limited number of cadre posts,\" they asserted. While juniors were being given cadre posts, the seniors were being packed off to junior posts, they rued.The senior IAS officers said posting Samuel as CCLA was mala fide as his conduct in his earlier stint as principal secretary (revenue) had come under the CBI scrutiny. \"The state has also suppressed information on a pending vigilance case against Samuel for his role in the scholarships scam. But the chief secretary has wrongly certified before the departmental promotion committee that there were no pending vigilance cases against Samuel,\" they pointed out. The post of director general of MCRHRD does not require senior IAS officers, much less a special chief secretary rank officials like Shafiquzzaman. But the government chose to punish those who challenge their cadre mismanagement practices by dumping them in such insignificant posts which were earlier held by retired officials like PVRK Prasad and V P Jauhari and principal secretary cadre officials like AK Parida and Pankaj Dwivedi during their earlier tenures, the petitioners maintained.Similarly, the petitioners narrated the way the state chose to humiliate an 'upright officer' like Chaya Ratan who despite being the special chief secretary of home department was not given the additional charge when another home secretary (IPS) Gautam Kumar went on leave twice earlier. As per the convention, when one home secretary goes on leave the other home secretary is given temporary charge. To humiliate Chaya the state brought in a relatively junior IAS officer Ajayendra Pyal from irrigation department and gave him the additional charge as home secretary, they said. Even after formal retirement of Gautam, the state gave Pal the full charge by ignoring Chaya deliberately to humiliate her and in utter disregard to her outstanding record of integrity and contributions to all the fields where ever she worked so far, the petitioners added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013332", "title": "Goverment school roof in Pali collapses, kills girl", "text": "JAIPUR: One girl was killed and another severely injured when the roof of their school porch collapsed in Pali's Falna town on Monday. While the dreams of 12-year-old Banku, a tribal girl, to get education through the state's Sarva Siksha Abhiyan came to a tragic end, her friend is on the verge of losing her legs. For the other 53 other girls, it was a providential escape as they were playing few metres from the spot.Villagers, local public representatives and police said that building was in a dilapidated condition. It had been brought to the notice of senior education department and administration officers but nothing was done. The girls were left crying for help for a long time as no teacher or other staff was present at the school which is situated in a deserted area, about 3 kilometers from Falna town.State education minister Brijkishore Sharma told TOI that a committee will be formed to probe the incident. The incident occurred around 3.30pm at the Kasturaba Gandhi Residential School. MLA from Bali constituency Pushpendra Singh who arrived at the spot said that, \"Fifty-five tribal girls aged between 6 and 14 years from nearby villages study in the building. The girls live in the building and food, clothing and bedding are provided by the government under the Sarva Siksha Abhiyan project.\"The girls stay in the school to pursue a crash course of 6-8 months and then are admitted to a proper government school for further education. Two girls were playing under the porch when the stone slabs of its rooftop came crashing upon them.While Banku died on the spot, both legs of her friend Gita were trapped under the debris. Somendra Gujjar, former chairman of the local municipality office said that Gita's condition is 8serious as bones are 8sticking out of her legs.She has been referred to a hospital in Pali.MLA Singh said that the building was constructed in 1988 for training of differently abled children.\"However, the 8government started a school for tribal girls about 10 years ago. It was negligence on part of the administration and education department that no attention was paid to the building's maintenance. The incident is a blow to the government's education programme and will instill a sense of fear among parents of the children who get education from such schools,\" said MLA from Bali 8constituency Pushpendra Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17013404", "title": "Hyderabad weather: There\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s a nip in the air, but winter yet to set in", "text": "HYDERABAD: The proverbial Monday morning blues had a hint of chill this Monday with denizens waking up to a fairly cold day, making for a sluggish start to the week after a relaxed festive weekend. The city's minimum temperature has dropped by a considerable 5 degrees in the last four days with Monday recording a minimum temperature of 17.7 degrees Celsius as against 23 degrees Celsius on October 26.The cool morning breeze and dry weather conditions indicate the onset of winter but meteorological department officials have for now attributed the chill to northeasterly winds while predicting similar weather conditions for the next two days.Officials said that Monday's minimum temperature was one degree below normal. \"Gradually, we are moving towards winter. However, there won't be a steep fall in the minimum temperature at this time of the year; the temperature keeps fluctuating during October and November. It will start dipping in December,\" said M Narasimha Rao, assistant meteorologist.Weathermen said that minimum temperatures, which had been fluctuating over the last few days, had dipped sharply on Monday. They also attributed the drop in night temperatures to the deep depression over the southwest bay near Chennai which, it is believed, is likely to intensify into a cyclonic storm.Temperatures had started fluctuating after Friday last. While the city recorded a minimum of 23 degree Celsius on Friday, it had dropped by a considerable four degrees Celsius on October 27. However, on October 28, it saw a minor one degree jump to 20 degrees Celsius before dropping to 17.7 degrees Celsius on Monday.And it's not just in Hyderabad where the weather is set to be colder this week with similar weather conditions predicted in other parts of the state as well. The Met department has forecast rain or thundershowers at a few places in south-coastal Andhra Pradesh and Rayalaseema over the next 24 hours. Officials said that the rainfall may intensify after 48 hours in these areas.However, districts such as Vizag continued to remain warm with the port city on Monday recording a minimum of a sultry 26 degrees Celsius. Although it was cloudy on Monday, officials said that the city had recorded a maximum of 33 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17014061", "title": "Private tour operators likely to hike fares", "text": "GUWAHATI: After the Assam State Transportation Corporation (ASTC), the private tour operators are likely to revise the fares fixed by the state government from Thursday. This came while people of the state have just begun to feel the pinch of the 25 per cent hike in transport fares made by the state government after constant demand of the transporters amid hike in diesel prices.\"ASTC is already charging the revised rates from the passengers. But the private bus operators is likely to revise their fares from Thursday as they are waiting for the completion of some formalities,\" said Pranab Kumar Adhikary, bus division manager of Network Travels, a leading private tour operator of the state.He said the private bus operators of the state are awaiting the green signal from the North East Omni Bus Association to hike the bus fares.The ASTC and share taxi owners started charging the revised fares after the state government on Thursday last issued directions to the State Transport Authority of Assam regarding the fixation of maximum fare realizable for different kinds of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17011869", "title": "Itineraries heat up as winters set in", "text": "INDORE: Scorching heat is gone and winters are round the corner. With the pleasant weather setting in, for many it is a holiday season.\"I have a hectic schedule and so I never miss a chance of going out on vacation during this season,\" Ritesh Pandey, an engineer, who is heading to Lakshadweep this week, said.Doctors too suggest outings during this season. \"The weather from November to January is considered a healthy weather. During this time of the year, there are less ailments,\" says Dr B B Gupta, a general practitioner.\"Thanks to pleasant weather, I go for a walk and relax, Sheila Kuntal Chaturvedi, a psychotherapist and a resident of Royal Krishna apartments said. \"I also plan to go on a vacation during Diwali to Rajasthan as the weather is enjoyable.\"CEO of Argh, Mother Toddler Programme in Indore, Garima Dahima said, \"The weather is really agreeable. I am going go for a holiday with my husband and children to our native place. A getaway just before Diwali will surely add to the festive mood,\" Dahima said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17012760", "title": "Court reserves orders on opening PRP Granites' seal", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has reserved its order on a petition by PRP Granites, seeking removal of the seal that was put by the Madurai district administration.PRP Granites is situated in Keelavalavu in Melur taluk of Madurai district. The company was sealed by the district administration on August 9 this year after it emerged that company was involved in the alleged largescale illegal mining operations due to which the state incurred a loss of several thousands of crores of rupees.Aggrieved, P Suresh Kumar , one of the partners of PRP Granites filed the writ petition before the bench, seeking direction to the government to remove the seal of the company.In their petition, the petitioner had contended that no natural justice was followed by the district administration while sealing the company. Besides, the company was not served any prior notice at all by the administration.Earlier, when the petition came up for hearing before Justice Vinod K Sharma, the judge had directed the government to file a counter-affidavit regarding the writ petition. The government was also asked to mention details of the order, under which the company was sealed and posted the matter on October 29.The matter again came up on Monday as per the schedule. The advocate general (AG) of the state, A Navaneetha Krishnan appeared before the court and submitted two counter-affidavits, separately filed by the Madurai district collector Anshul Mishra and the superintendent of police of Madurai Rural, V Balakrishnan, to the court.In the counter-affidavit, the collector stated that based on the several complaints which were received by the government, the erstwhile collector of Madurai U Sagayam conducted a preliminary inquiry at the petitioner's firm, where the largescale illegal mining activity was identified.The AG said the district collector has acted in this case as per the Mines and Minerals (Regulation and Development) Act, 1957, Prevention of Illegal Mining Act and Transportation and Storage of Minerals and Mineral Dealers Rules Act, 2011.This issue involves serious disputed questions of fact which cannot be adjudicated in a writ petition. Hence, this is not a case of denial of reasonable opportunity to the firm of the petitioner who is an accused in 30 criminal cases along with other partners, the AG argued.There were several incriminating documents pertaining to the illegal quarry operation of the firm found. Apart from the documents, nearly 30 computers, being kept in the sealed building, suspected to be incriminating evidences were also found. The particulars in the computers could not be traced for want of password. So, the two buildings have been sealed as per the legal provisions, the AG added.Supreme Court senior advocate Rajeev Dhavan, who appeared for the petitioner, told the court, \"Let them (the officials) take anything whatever they want including hard discs of the computers. But the firm has to be provided the copies of the documents, CDs which were taken by the officials. Besides, such things should be taken in the presence of a nominated person and also it should be done in a particular time frame.\" For which the AG sought three weeks time. But, the judge did not accept it and reserved his orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013488", "title": "Cops tried to spoil rally, says Morcha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is not just the transport authorities alone, who allegedly harassed activists of Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) prior to its rally on Sunday, the police commissionerate also made all efforts to sabotage the rally, Morcha functionaries alleged.In a press release issued here on Monday, Morcha convener Jagneswar said that chief minister Naveen Patnaik , who heads the home department, directed the police to spoil the rally. \"DCP Nitinjeet Singh kept us waiting till late Saturday night to grant us per permission to allow two large trucks for erection of a temporary stage. After prolonged waiting, Morcha chief Pyarimohan Mohapatra visited the DCP residence in night,\" Jagneswar said. \"In much difficulty we got the permission. But we failed to install the life size images of former chief minister Biju Patnaik due to space shortage on the small vehicles,\" he added.Singh rubbished the allegations. \"There was no intention to harass the Morcha leaders. The Morcha leaders insisted me at the last moment to allow nine vehicles to park there for stage purpose,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17013533", "title": "Mulayam sets out to woo Gujjars in rally on Oct 31", "text": "Noida: In an apparent bid to consolidate its base in western Uttar Pradesh, particularly in the UP-NCR districts of Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad, Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav has chosen to address the All-India Gujjar Mahasabha in Noida on October 31. Even though the SP stormed to power in UP by bagging a majority in the 403-member legislative assembly, it failed to win a single seat in the two NCR districts.Mulayam's dalliance with the Gujjar community is being viewed in political circles as an attempt to woo them ahead of the General Elections in 2014. \"Consolidation of backward-castes votes in western UP would be crucial for the SP's larger ambition to lead a coalition at the Centre. The Gujjar-dominated districts would be on its radar,\" said Ramesh Dixit, professor of political science at Lucknow University.The SP had drawn a complete blank in the two NCR districts in the assembly polls this year, while its rival, the BSP, had won six of the eight seats. One seat each had gone to the BJP and the Rashtriya Lok Dal. \"With Jats in western UP mostly with the RLD, the SP would naturally seek to ally with the Gujjars,\" added Dixit.The Yadav chieftain will be addressing his first-ever public meeting in the city, even as his son and UP chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav, has avoided visiting Noida ever since he assumed power in March. On Monday, SP functionaries in Noida informed that the meeting will also be attended by the Bihar governor, Devanand Konwar, apart from a delegation of Gujjar leaders from Pakistan.Residents of Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad, however, are taking Mulayam's visit with a pinch of salt, particularly because developmental activities in the region have slowed down ever since Mayawati was voted out of power. \"Issues of governance too, including deteriorating law and order, should be on the top priority of the government in their bid to consolidate various votebanks,\" said Vikram Kasana of the Federation of Evergreen RWAs of Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016998", "title": "Amala Paul signs Vijay-Vijay film", "text": "Looks actress Amala Paul has pipped others in the race to bag to this coveted film.It's a new combo for Vijay and director Vijay. Director Vijay who has worked with Vikram in two films is now set to work with the Ilayathalapathy. While Yami Gautam was touted to play the leading lady, looks like date issues caused her to not sign this on.Meanwhile, we hear that the filmmakers were keen on a girl who could speak Tamil as it was an emotion-oriented role and required language skills. While Amala was auditioned earlier, they didn't sign her on due to date issues. But it looks like her dates have been worked out with Puri Jagannadh and she can fit in this project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "17012967", "title": "Three children drowned", "text": "BEGUSARAI: Three children including a girl drowned in a water stretch at Sanha Parora village under Sahebpur Kamal police station in Begusarai district on Monday.Sahebur Kamal SHO Mohd Irshad Alam said the children had gone to collect soil for making earthen pots for Chhath. The deceased were identified as Dilkhush (8), Ekant (6) and Ruchi (5), all residents of Sanha Parora village. There were actually four children including another minor girl when the accident took place, Irshad said, adding local fishermen who arrived at the scene saved one girl. The fishermen later fished out the bodies of the three children.The SHO said it appears that one of the children while digging the soil accidentally slipped into the deep water and the rest, in their bid to save him, also ventured into deep water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013773", "title": "Toddler chokes to death in Karaya", "text": "KOLKATA: A five-month-old baby boy and his parents were found unconscious at their single-room residence in Karaya on Monday morning. Locals rushed all of them to the Calcutta National Medical College and Hospital, but the doctors declared the baby dead on arrival. According to initial findings, the baby died after inhaling carbon monoxide for a prolonged period.The parents - 35-year-old Sanjay Rahman and his wife Ruma - were undergoing treatment, but their condition was critical when the last report came in.It is learnt that Sanjay - an employee of a leather factory - and his family used to stay on Chhamru Khansama Lane and moved to his father-in-law's house on Miyajan Ostagar Lane in Karaya about a month back. Sanjay, his wife and their four children used to stay in a cramped single room on the ground floor of the three-storied house, which is still under construction.On Sunday, Sanjay, Ruma and their youngest son Seikh Sufian went to bed in their room while the couple's three other children - Rohit, Sahid and Sunny - stayed back with their grandparents on the first floor. On Monday morning, when Rohit knocked on the door of their room, his parents did not respond.When repeated knocks failed to elicit any response, neighbours sneaked a glimpse into the room by breaking a ventilator and found all three unconscious. They immediately pried open the door and rushed the trio to the hospital. A heated coal oven was found inside the room.Cops ruled out the possibility of food poisoning as Rohit informed them that all members of the family had had the same food last night. After preliminary investigation, a police officer said the coal oven was left burning all through the night and since there was no ventilation, poisonous gas had accumulated inside the room, which might have caused suffocation.The cops have also ruled out any possibility of suicide attempts.The doctors at the hospital corroborated police findings. \"Probably they inhaled some poisonous gas,\" said a doctor.Dr Partha Pratim Pradhan, the medical superintendent and vice-principal of the hospital, added: \"The baby died long before he was brought to the hospital. The condition of the parents was very critical when they were admitted. However, Ruma's condition improved after symptomatic treatment, but she's still unconscious. Sanjay was shifted in the afternoon.\" Pradhan confirmed that the baby's body was sent to the NRS morgue for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17018058", "title": "Khiza to present Teriyan Udeekan", "text": "The latest single by Khiza featuring Saji Ali Khan for the track 'Teriyan Udeekan' is out now on the Moviebox Label.Khiza quotes, \"My new single is a up tempo fusion of qawwali and I am launching a new artist from Lahore called 'Saji Ali Khan'.\"Having asked why this type of music, \"I have done Bhangra before and Bollywood remixes and I thought lets do something different so I ended up with this and so far people are loving it\"What's next? \"My next single is a 'Bollywood remix' and the I have shot the video and should be out soon; and I have loads more tracks planned ahead.\"Source : simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17018026", "title": "Ahsan Bajwa is back with Majboori", "text": "After the huge success of 'Sunnah' and 'Nerre Nerre', Ahsan Bajwa is back with his brand new song, 'Majboori'. The song is produced by Blizzard Beats. Just at the age of 18 and already signed to Shine Recordz, Blizzard Beats is ready to showcast his talent to the rest of the world.Compaired to Ahsan Bajwa's previous works, Majboori is slightly on a slow side. Majboori is about feeling helpless in a situation where no matter what you do, you're not able to change it or do something about it.The wait is almost over. It will be released November 5th.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17014548", "title": "Newlaunches", "text": "Zync Z1000Sporting a glossy black finish, the Zync Z1000 is one of the first budget 10-inch tablets with builtin 3G connectivity that lets you use any SIM card of your choice. Besides, it comes preloaded with Angry Birds, Fruit Ninja, an office suite, Skype, Zomato, Big Flix, Hungama, social networks and more.Specs: 9.7-inch capacitive touchscreen (1024x768 pixels) | 1.5GHz processor | 1GB RAM | 8GB internal memory, microSD slot | 2-megapixel rear camera, VGA front camera | 3G, Wi-Fi , Bluetooth, microUSB, mini HDMI | 7000mAh battery | Android 4 Ice Cream Sandwich (upgradable to 4.1 Jelly Bean)Price: Rs 10,990Website:www.zync.inMicromax A110 Superfone Canvas 2If the Note 2 and the Optimus Vu phablets are out of your budget, you might want to take a look at the Micromax A110. The Superfone Canvas 2 ticks all the right boxes with its 5-inch IPS screen, dual-core processor and large battery. And apart from a few preloaded Micromax apps, the dual-SIM handset runs on non-customized Android 4 Ice Cream Sandwich. Not bad...Specs: 5-inch capacitive IPS touchscreen (854x480 pixels) | 1GHz dual-core processor | 512MB RAM | microSD card up to 32GB | 8-megapixel camera with flash, VGA front camera | 3G, Wi-Fi , Bluetooth, microUSB | 2000mAh battery with up to 5 hours talk-time , 7 days standby time | Android 4 Ice Cream SandwichPrice: Rs 11,995Website: micromaxsuperfone.comTranscend JetFlash T3GIf you're looking for a rugged repository for your digital data, you might want to consider the JetFlash T3G, available in gold colour and fabricated out of refined zinc alloy and stainless steel. The drive is not only completely resistant to dust, but is also impervious to shock and water. And if you're looking for options you might want to consider the T3S, the silver variant of the same drive.Specs: USB 3.0 | High-quality metallic texture | Transcend Elite data management software | Free download of Transcend Elite data management tools | Includes leather strapPrice: Rs 950 (8GB), Rs 1,430 (16GB), Rs 2,460 (32GB)Website: in.transcend-info .com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013070", "title": "Maharashtra to update data on plantation through global positioning system", "text": "PUNE: The forest department will use the global positioning system (GPS) to monitor the growth of approximately 18 crore saplings planted this year apart from the trees planted earlier. The department has asked its officials to upload images and readings of plantation drives undertaken across the state so that the updates will be available at the click of the mouse, said state forest minister Patangrao Kadam on Monday.Kadam was addressing a press conference after a review meeting held to take stock of developments following the government's ambitious programme to plant 100 crore saplings.The minister expressed satisfaction about the implementation of the programme. He said that officials were asked to submit a report on the plantation done. \"Uploading this information on our website through GPS will provide area-wise updated data which will make it easy to monitor the work done so far,\" Kadam said.The government now realizes the importance of taking care of these saplings and trees. \"We have a proposal to deploy one worker for 200 saplings. Besides, the government is also working on a scheme to transfer saplings not planted to nurseries,\" the minister said.Kadam said the government has planted about 18 crore saplings this year, which is higher than last year's 8 crore saplings. The Nagpur division has remained at the top by achieving up to 80% of the target. Five districts -- Chandrapur, Kolhapur, Nandurbar, Gadchiroli and Bhandara - also met the target. The Pune division has succeeded in planting about 1 crore saplings in the current year.The minister also said that steps are being initiated to regularize about 5,089 posts of forest labourers. The order is likely to be issued before Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "17013608", "title": "Insects are a nightmare to farmers in Mandya", "text": "MANDYA: After facing the vagaries of monsoon, the farmers in rain-fed areas, mainly in Nagamangala taluk, are facing the threat of insect infestations. The major victims of these bugs are crops like finger millets, jower and sesame.According to the irrigation department officials, around 90 per cent of finger millet crop grown on 15,480 hectares of land got infected with insects in Nagamanagala taluk. This rain-fed taluk received only 309.2 mm rain from April to October 26.An average 1,546.4 mm rainfall is needed for normal crops output. \"Utilizing meagre amount of water, farmers had grown various types of crops in 28,975 hectares of land. While they are expecting good yields, insects are swarming the large posse of agriculture land and around 90 per cent of crops got infested,\" said an official.Insects are feeding on tender leaves and destroying the crops. Farmers said the pest population is being increased day by day despite sprinkling chemical insecticide in large quantity. \"We have never seen such an amount of pest population earlier. When I applied pesticides, the numbers of worm came down, but within a few days, they surfaced. I have already lost finger millet, sesame and jower crops due this,\" said Suresh, a farmer in Devalapura village.Insects are not only posing a threat to crops, they are entering the houses situated near agriculture fields too.\" I don't know what should I do for protecting my crops. This hellish worms have shattered my hopes of getting at least fodder cattle,\" rued Srikanth, a young farmer in Konasale village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17013991", "title": "CSR not some token work: Munda", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday asked the corporate houses operating in Jharkhand to put maximum effort in developing human resources in their areas of operations and bring positive change in the society. He was speaking at a conclave on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) - Leading to sustainable economic development.Munda said that CSR should not remain a token work. \"Most of the companies don't put in maximum effort to bring about change in the lives of people working or living near their offices and mines. Only a handful of people are benefitted as they get an opportunity to work in the company or the mine. Vast majority of the people simply bear the brunt of pollution. I feel that the companies should bring about a change in their style of functioning in CSR activities,\" said Munda.A large number of officials from more than 50 companies, both private and public sector, were present at the conclave. Chairman-cum-managing director of Central Coalfields Limited ( CCL) and chief executive officer (CEO) of Bokaro Steel Limited Anutosh Maitra were also present on the occasion.\"Focus should be on skill development of every individual and making them an asset for society,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014056", "title": "'Smooth' Santana casts a spell", "text": "NEW DELHI: Decades before \"world music\" and \"fusion\" became part of popular parlance, a Mexican-American guitarist had begun composing and performing music that assimilated influences from across continents - swaying rhythms of Latin America , throbbing drumbeats of Africa and melancholic melodies from Asia . His work transcended genres: rock, blues, funk, jazz, salsa and classical Indian ragas. At 65, Carlos Santana is arguably the greatest guitarist on the planet at present.Those who were present at his performance witnessed a concert of a lifetime . His diehard fans in their forties and fifties were not disappointed by the new versions of his classics, Black Magic Woman, Jingo, Soul Sacrifice, Europa, Oye Como Va and Evil Ways. For the younger generation, there were renditions of his recent Grammy Award-winning super-hits , Maria Maria, Smooth and Foo Foo.For a towering musical giant like Santana , his humility on stage is a mark of his genius. Be it his second wife, drummer Cindy Blackman, or the retinue of artistes who played the drums, congas, keyboards, bass and rhythm guitars, trumpet and trombone, and sang with him, each was given ample opportunity to showcase her/his talents in solo interludes. He also called in Tipriti Kharbangar, vocalist of the Indian band Soulmate, for three songs.Santana played homage to the many gurus who have influenced him by playing short riffs of their compositions. He repeatedly referred to Bob Marley and John Lennon . And his music was a tribute to those he learnt from and lionized , such as blues musicians BB King and John Lee Hooker and the members of the jazz fusion band Weather Report, to name just a few. In between his familiar tracks, one suddenly heard a riff from Jimi Hendrix's Third Stone from the Sun, the Rolling Stones' Paint it Black, George Harrison's While My Guitar Gently Weeps, Love Supreme by John Coltrane and, even, the catchy whistling tune from the soundtrack of the spaghetti Western film, \"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly\".Santana's career and personal life have been chequered. For a while during the 1990s, he was without a recording contract. He grew disillusioned with his Indian guru, Sri Chinmoy , who gave him a middle name, Devadip, when he played with another guitar virtuoso, John McLaughlin . In 2007, he split up with his wife of 34 years. In the interregnum, he grew tired of trying to appease popular sentiments by formula compositions and started performing with relatively less known jazz, blues and African musicians.Santana's career unexpectedly revived with the 1999 album \" Supernatural \" as he performed with new generation of singers and musicians. The lead song from the album, Smooth, with a cha-cha-cha , stop-start flavour, laced with Santana's characteristic guitar runs, went on to become one of the popular hits of the new millennium.It was indeed a pity that more were not there on Sunday evening at Greater Noida. And tickets were available at a discount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "17012285", "title": "Pots create bomb scare at Tirumala", "text": "TIRUMALA: Tension prevailed at famed temple on Monday when three pots which were found abandoned at the main entrance of Lord Venkateswara shrine, had the temple officials and security personnel panic as they suspected them to contain bombs. The fears were proved unfounded when the officials found that the pots were full of Re 1 and Rs 2 coins. Temple sources said the pots were found at the main entrance late in the night on SundayThe temple staff, who noticed that the containers were capped with a red cloth, suspected it to contain bomb. \"Some devotees might have abandoned the pots at the main entrance before entering the sanctum sanctorum,\" an official said.According to a vigilance official, pilgrims who usually offer 'Irumudi' (an offering where the devotees gather coins in pots and tie them with sacred cloth) might have placed the pots in front of the Mahadwaram. The pots were later sent to the 'Parakamani' where the hundi collections are counted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17012525", "title": "New sugar incentive policy soon", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government has agreed to formulate a new sugar incentive policy and it is likely to be announced by this year end.This was decided at the Udyami panchayat here on Monday. Besides chief minister Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , ministers of industry and sugarcane and the top officials were also present. Bihar Sugar Mills Association gave its suggestion regarding new sugar incentive policy at the meeting dedicated to sugar industry and sugarcane production.Once a major sugar producing state, Bihar had 33 sugar mills established between 1904 and 40 and altogether 28 mills were operative till 1980s. But their number has now shrunk to 11 of which nine are in private sector. In 2011-12, Bihar produced 177.47 lakh MT sugarcane and 4.51 lakh tonnes of sugar and it stands at the bottom on the list of sugar producing states.The sugar mills association came with various suggestions and the government took note of them, said principal secretary, industry, Navin Kumar Verma. He said the association also demanded subsidy revision. Principal secretary, sugarcane, Sudhir Kumar said the draft of the sugar incentive policy would be available on the department's website for further suggestions and a final decision would be taken by December 31.The meeting discussed the constraints in higher productivity of sugarcane and poor 'recovery' of sugar and the initiatives taken to achieve this goal. The schemes for sugarcane development include Mukhya Mantri Ganna Vikas Yojna involving Rs 35.32 crore.It has been decided to take over the existing Sugarcane Research Institute as an autonomous institution under the control of sugarcane industries department and develop it on the lines of Vasantdada Patil Sugarcane Research Institute, Maharashtra, and Saharanpur Sugarcane Research Institute, UP.The officials said three sugar mills of Bihar State Sugar Corporation at Motipur, Rayam and Lohat are under revival process while Bihta, Sakri and Samastipur sugar mills are to be leased out for other industrial purposes.The sugar mills association sought revision of the 2006 incentive package in the light of Industrial Incentive Policy, 2011, and formulation of incentive package for 'gur' and 'khandsari' units, revision of rate of molasses and alcohol, imposition of entry tax on alcohol coming from outside the state, formulation of ethanol policy, exemption from payment of entry tax on plant and machineries and fixation of rate of power generated by cogeneration units of sugar mills.The entrepreneurs were told about the investment opportunities in sugarcane and allied industries which include green field sugar complex, capacity expansion of existing sugar mills, manufacture of molasses-based ethanol, alcohol and commercial spirit.The department claimed that the process for revival of 15 closed sugar mills and two distilleries had begun. While Sugauli and Lauriya mills have been revived, three other mills are under revival process. Bidding process has been initiated for revival of other closed units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17016076", "title": "Nitin Gadkari blames Manikrao Thakre for deceiving sugarcane growers", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari on Monday accused Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) chief Manikrao Thakre of not paying Rs 23 lakhs to sugarcane growers in Yavatmal.\"Thakre who runs a sugar factory in Yavatmal had purchased sugarcane from Purti Group farmers, but did not pay them,\" Gadkari alleged, while addressing a gathering of his supporters outside his residence, daring Thakre to face him in public about this issue.A couple of days ago, Thakre had accused Gadkari of misusing his position as Maharashtra's Public Works Department minister between 1995-99 by helping construction of new buildings in Reshimbagh premises of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). Thakre had demanded that the chief minister should probe the nexus of contractors involved in the construction of new buildings there with Gadkari's help.While continuing his salvo, Nitin Gadkari referred to the death of seven-year-old Yogita Thakre, who was found in Gadkari's car at Gadkari Wada in Mahal locality in Nagpur a few years ago and how a daily has allegedly launched a campaign against him.\"My name was unnecessarily dragged into the death,\" he said.Denying any business links with Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) supremo Sharad Pawar and Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti who is also facing heat in the coal allocation scam, Gadkari tried to distance himself from them.Justifying his involvement in the sugarcane sector, Gadkari said Congress and NCP leaders in Vidarbha were also trying to set up new factories and revive defunct ones.He said that Union Heavy Industries Minister Praful Patel of the NCP and city Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar too were keen to operate sugar factories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013123", "title": "Raval, Bhave, Joshi to be honoured at Pulotsav", "text": "PUNE: Actors Swapnil Joshi and Subodh Bhave are among the recipients of the Tarunai Sanman award during the 10th edition of Pulotsav, which will be held in the city from November 4 to 8.The festival, dedicated to the multifaceted P L Deshpande, will be held at the New English School, Ramanbaug, National Film Archive of India (NFAI) and Film and Television Institute of India (FTII).Ever year, four awards are given as part of the festival. The 'Pu La Smruti Sanman' is given to a personality who has been an inspiration to the youth, the 'Pulotsav Krutadnyata Sanman' is given to an individual or institution for their contribution to society and the 'Pulotsav Tarunai Sanman' honours young talent. The 'Jeevan Gaurav Sanman' is a lifetime achievement award given to artistes with huge contributions to film, theatre, music and literature.This year, the Tarunai Sanman will be conferred upon actor Subodh Bhave in the drama category and Swapnil Joshi in the film category, lyricist Guru Thakur in the literature category, vocalist Anand Bhate in the music category and danseuse Shambhavi Dandekar in the dance/other fine arts category.The award comprises Rs 11,000, a 'Puneri pagdi' and an 'uparna'. The award will be presented on November 8.The Pulotsav Krutadnyata Sanman will be conferred on social workers Abhay and Rani Bang from Gadchiroli on November 4. \"The Smruti Sanman will be given to actor Paresh Rawal on November 5, after which Ajit Bhure and Vijay Kenkare will have an interactive session with him. The Jeevan Gaurav or lifetime achievement award will be presented to Pandit Jasraj on November 7, followed by an interaction between Pandit Jasraj, his wife and director Madhura Jasraj, and actress Mrinal Kulkarni,\" festival director Virendra Chitrav said at a news conference on Monday.\"Author Achyut Godbole's autobiography, 'Musafiri', will be released during the fest. A special programme based on this book, will be presented by artists Chandrakant Kale, Supriya Chitrav, Rahul Solapurkar and Godbole himself,\" said Chitrav.A special film and documentary festival will also be held. \"The festival will be inaugurated by screening the documentary 'We the Theatre' on November 5, which is celebrated as World Drama Day. This will be followed by a tribute to Marathi film director Sanjay Surkar, director Yash Chopra and social entrepreneur Verghese Kurien , who passed away this year. \"An audiovisual programme on Chopra and a screening of the film 'Manthan' in Kurien's honour are part of the tribute. The festival will also feature documentaries on playwright Girish Karnad , lyricist Gulzar and playback singer Lata Mangeshkar , among others,\" he said.On November 6, ten artists will bring to life the premises that today house the FTII as they were a hundred years ago. \"This programme will celebrate the centenary of Indian cinema. FTII was established in 1960 on the erstwhile Prabhat Studio premises and has played an important role in inspiring Indian cinema. These paintings will be made by artists Raosaheb Gurav, Milind Mulick and Deepak Sonar, among others,\" he said.The festival will include a section in the honour of veteran director-actress Vijaya Mehta on November 6 and 7. \"Her autobiography, 'Zimma', will be published during the festival, while her career will be presented in a live performance by actors such as Vikram Gokhale, Nina Kulkarni, Nana Patekar and Rima Lagu. \"Telefilms on her creations such as film 'Smruti Chitre', plays 'Wada Chirebandi', 'Hayvadan', and 'Hamida Bai ki Kothi' will be presented. A special class by Mehta at FTII has also been arranged,\" Chitrav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17014015", "title": "'Radiation fear keeping women doctors away'", "text": "RANCHI: While women themselves prefer to be in the medical profession either as doctors or nurses, experts feel there is a need to have institutions offering courses in radiology and diagnostic sciences. \"Women doctors are definitely fewer than men. They prefer choosing streams like paediatrics, gynaecology and preventive social medicine,\" said a former national vice-president of the Indian Medical Association.A gynaecologist at a government hospital, Dr Ranu, says there are health concerns associated with being exposed to radiation. \"I have known girls refusing to take up jobs where they are exposed to radiation. There's this fear of radiation affecting their fertility and mutation leading to cancer ,\" she said. While risks of radiological exposure remain the same for men and women, the latter are more skeptical. Dr Rajesh, who is posted in a government hospital in Gumla, says it is more to do with the difficult working conditions in rural Jharkhand rather than fear of losing fertility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17011750", "title": "Bhavani fast becoming most polluted river in India", "text": "COIMBATORE: It looks like the Bhavani river will soon go the Noyyal way. Illegal dyeing units have been mushrooming on both sides of the river ever since similar units were forced to down their shutters last year on the Noyyal banks in Tirupur following a high court order. The illegal units coming up on the Bhavani shores, especially on the lower Bhavani basin, are releasing thousands of gallons of toxic effluents into the river, a major tributary of Cauvery. Besides the dyeing units, tanneries and paper factories also contribute to the pollution.According to top sources in the pollution control department, 77 illegal dyeing units are now functioning on both sides of the river, mainly in Bhavani, Kadayampatti, Sengadu and Seruvarayanpalayam. Along with 49 authorised dyeing units they discharge toxic effluents directly into the river water, polluting both Bhavani and Cauvery and endangering the lives of more than six million people. According to farmer N Logusamy, the continuous dumping of untreated toxic effluents in the river is threatening to become an environmental disaster, on the verge of completely destroying Erode's agricultural sector. Several independent studies have already confirmed that Bhavani is fast becoming one of the most polluted rivers in the country.According to A Nandakumar, a resident of Bhavani town, almost all the dyeing units which were closed down in Tirupur following the high court order have now found place on the shores of Bhavani. It seems Noyyal's gain has become Bhavani's headache. Farmers are leasing their river shore properties to dyeing units for anywhere between Rs 30,000 and Rs 60,000 on a monthly basis. In addition, they get between Rs 3 lakh and Rs 5 lakh as security deposit,'' he reveals.We have stopped allowing domestic animals to bathe in the river. The water is highly polluted and it causes skin rashes. Even the ground water is polluted, affecting agricultural yield,'' says farmer T R Ganesan. However, the district administration and Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board seem to be turning a blind eye to the issue. \"We have been fighting polluting tanneries and paper factories of the area for years. Now, the dyeing units are also making our lives difficult. But the problem is growing bigger by the day due to inaction from the authorities,\" alleges Tamil Nadu Farmers Association leader T Subbu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17013963", "title": "'Mining third world profession now'", "text": "DHANBAD: More than 200 delegates attended a two-day conference on mine surveyors inaugurated by director general of mines safety Satish Puri at the Indian School of Mines here on Monday.Puri said surveyors were the guides of mining engineers. Globalisation has changed the mining system. There is no mining in Europe and mining has been stopped in the national capital region near New Delhi and Dehradun on the orders of the Supreme Court, he said.\"Mining is the third world profession now,\" he said adding how brilliant and sharp students are reluctant to work as surveyors. Recalling the history of mine disasters in India caused by defective survey at the exploration stage itself, he said, \"There is no place for complacency in mining.\"Amlendu Sinha, director of Central Mining and Fuel Research Institute, said that inaccurate survey leads to disasters in the mines. Global satellite system is being developed at the institute for mines survey.Encouraging only those researches which are implementable, D C Panigrahi, vice-chancellor of ISM, said \"India is lagging far behind in mines survey.\"The conclave seeks to explore the possible interpretations of the geology of mineral or coal deposits for economic exploitation, keep track of the advancing mine faces and mines planning in the context of local environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17013965", "title": "Dead marine engineer's family suspects foul play", "text": "RANCHI: A marine engineer from the city reportedly committed suicide on board a cargo ship off Cyprus.Vikas Ranjan was fresh out of college and left Ranchi 10 days ago on his first assignment on board a ship of Essar Shipping Limited. The 21-year-old was the youngest of three siblings.Family members of Ranjan, however, suspect foul play. W Singh, his elder brother, said Ranjan was a brilliant student and loved his family. \"We were surprised to know from his company officials that he committed suicide. A boy, who was very courageous from his childhood, cannot end his life,\" said Singh.Singh referred to a telephone call, which he had received, from Alok Bharadwaj, who claimed to be a company official, on October 26. Bharadwaj had informed Singh about Ranjan's accident. Just an hour later, Singh received another call from the same number. \"... the person on the other side informed that Ranjan has committed suicide,\" said Singh, adding that how could an accident be called suicide.According to a post mortem report, received by Ranjan's family from the company, the young engineer strangulated himself to death with a string from a life-jacket. Questioning the report, Singh said it was not possible for a person to strangulate himself.\"We are sure that he must have died in some accident and the company officials are trying to cover it up by calling it a suicide. We cannot accept the fact that Ranjan committed because he was aware that even a minor injury would leave us in deep pain,\" Singh said.Officials of the shipping company, however, could not be contacted even after repeated attempts.Shocked family members vowed to take action against those responsible for Ranjan's death. \"We are waiting for the arrival of his body from Cyprus. We are not financially sound and would request the government to make arrangements to bring his body to Ranchi,\" said a family member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017657", "title": "Exercising before breakfast helps you lose fat", "text": "If you are heading to the gym or pounding the pavements in the hope of losing weight, try to do it before you eat your breakfast, as exercising before the first meal of the day is more effective than after it, a study suggests .Not only does working up a sweat on an empty stomach burn off more body fat - helping you lose those extra inches around the waist - it also triggers a bigger reduction in artery-clogging blood fats, the Daily Mail reported.Although the benefits of exercise are well-known, people have been unsure about whether it is better to do it on an empty stomach or a full one.Dr Jason Gill, who conducted the research at Glasgow University, said that while exercise in itself is good, any done before breakfast may be extra beneficial, because it forces the body to rely on its stores of fat for energy.\"When people talk about losing weight, they really mean losing fat,\" he said.Ten men made three visits to his laboratory at the university's Institute of Cardiovascular and Medical Sciences, and were given breakfast each time.On the first visit, the men didn't do any exercise. On another, they did an hour's brisk walk ahead of breakfast and on the third they did the walk after breakfast.Those who exercised burnt off more fat than those who simply sat around. And those who did their walk before breakfast used up 33 per cent more fat than those who exercised after eating.Tests revealed they also experienced a bigger drop in the blood fats that raise the risk of heart disease.While the men only did a brisk walk, more strenuous activity can also be safely carried out on an empty stomach, Dr Gill said.This is because the body has enough reserves for about 90 minutes to two hours of exercise.The study is published in the British Journal of Nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "17017236", "title": "Karun Chandhok'S JRM Racing ends season with a second consecutive podium", "text": "SHANGHAI: Indian racing driver Karun Chandhok's JRM Racing has finished the final race of its first season in the FIA World Endurance Championship, the Six Hours of Shanghai , second in the privateers' class and fifth overall, equalling the team's best result of the season.The team achieved its second podium finish in a row, confirming the constant improvement shown throughout the year and finishing its first season in endurance racing third of the privateers' LMP1 outfits.The #22 HPD ARX 03a driven by David Brabham , Karun Chandhok and Peter Dumbreck started the race from the Privateers' pole and fourth overall, the team's best starting position of the season.Karun got the race underway and was first in the #22, initially keeping in front of the Rebellion #12 and the Strakka cars. It was an intense battle that finally ended with Karun falling back into the clutches of both before stopping for the first pit-stop of the race, rejoining in sixth position overall.Two hours into the race the Strakka suffered a puncture and then required a replacement rear end, with Karun climbing back up to fifth. After a triple stint and 75 laps, the Indian handed over to Peter who immediately got up to speed, rejoining the race in fifth position overall and lapping at a very constant pace during his stints.During the final driver change the rear bodywork had to be changed, costing one minute and putting the team out of contention to fight for the win in the privateers' class. However David still rejoined the race in fifth position overall and second in class, maintaining a close fight with the Rebellion #13.Even though he was experiencing problems with the steering wheel, he fought for second until, with 30 minutes to go, the Rebellion finally hunted David down. There was however drama on the penultimate lap when the leading Rebellion #12 stopped on track, allowing David to regain a position and cross the finish line in second position in class, only eight seconds behind the class winner.Karun Chandhok was thrilled to finish the season on a high with another podium. He said, \"We started off reasonably well and the first couple of laps were okay but we realised early on that we were not quick enough when compared to the #12 Rebellion and the Strakka. I could hold the Strakka back initially as I had pretty good traction and straight line speed, but I got stuck behind a Porsche at the wrong moment and Jonny [Kane] got ahead of me. After that I just found a consistent pace and drove my own race. It was a bit lonely, with nobody behind, even though I did have a battle with Danny towards the end of my triple stint. But to finish on the podium again is a perfect way to end the season. We can be very proud of the way we have improved over the year and I have really enjoyed my first season in endurance racing.\"Nigel Stepney, team manager and chief engineer, said, \"We have progressed a lot during the whole season and it's a testament to how far we have come that I am slightly disappointed we didn't win! I We should have won this race but we know the reasons why we didn't - we lost time changing the rear bodywork even though we did it without having to do an extra pit stop, and the problem with the gears didn't allow us to be where we should have been. But the team has done an excellent job throughout the whole year, and with this first season of experience under our belt now we will see what we are capable next year\"James Rumsey, team principal, commented, \"It was a good day today, it's always good to finish on the podium. I am sure that if we hadn't had the problems we had during today's race we would have won, so it's a bit disappointing if I say the truth, but overall I am very satisfied with our first year in endurance racing. The team has done a fantastic job and has improved continually throughout the season. Our main task now is to use the winter effectively. We will improve the car and team's performance and work on finding the funding for next season. I would like to congratulate Toyota on their incredible performance this year, and Audi on their World Championship win.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "17012924", "title": "Bhagalpur businessman's kidnapped son recovered", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Police recovered the young businessman Chetan Rajhans from the clutches of kidnappers from Majhri village Baihiyar (grassland) under Sultanganj police station in Bhagalpur district on Monday evening.A resident of Krishnagarh locality under Sultanganj block, Chetan was kidnapped by four-five criminals on Saturday night when he was returning home after closing the family-owned medicine shop.SSP K S Anupam had formed police teams and was working on the clues besides taking help of mobile tower location to recover the kidnapped youth since the FIR regarding Chetan's kidnapping was lodged by his brother. Mounting pressure on criminals of the locality, the police were able to extract clues from some detained criminals. On the basis of information, the police teams raided Baihiyar and recovered Chetan, said sources.Confirming Chetan's recovery, SSP Anupam said the kidnapped youth had been recovered and the police were trying to elicit information from him.The kidnapping of 25-year-old Chetan Rajhans, son of businessman Arun Rajhans, on Saturday night had sent shock waves in the locality. An FIR was lodged against five persons in connection with Chetan's kidnapping, said the police. The kidnappers had not made any ransom call though. Chetan's medicine shop is located at Sultanganj Bazaar on NH-80.According to sources, when Chetan did not reach home late in the night, his family members called on his mobile. Due to network problem, the call did not materialize. However, late Saturday night, someone called back from Chetan's mobile and said that Chetan would reach home in the morning.When Chetan's family members tried to contact him on his mobile again, another person reportedly picked up the call and said he wanted to talk to Chetan's father. Later, Chetan's mobile number was found switched off. The panic-stricken family members informed the police about the incident. Sultanganj police, quoting local sources, said Chetan was kidnapped by four-five persons near Krishnagarh locality and forcibly taken in a white-coloured Bolero jeep towards Munger.Chetan's brother had lodged a named FIR against five persons Dablu Mandal, Bablu Mandal, Deepak Mandal, Girja Yadav and Chandan Mandal. These five persons, who were also involved in the killing of their cousin Babloo Rajhans, might have kidnapped Chetan as well, alleged Chetan's brother in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jammu/chandigarh", "code": "17013246", "title": "Youth posing as Army officer held in Jammu", "text": "JAMMU/CHANDIGARH: A 26-year-old-man, who had been posing as an Army officer and availed facilities at a Chandigarh army hospital, has been arrested from Jammu.Umesh Kumar was arrested during a routing security check at Hotel Rajdhani at Jewel Chowk on October 26, the police said, adding that a large number of fake Army identity cards and other documents were recovered from him. Umesh, an M.Tech degree holder from Rajasthan's Bikaner district, had introduced himself to the hotel authorities as a Captain of Army's Signal Regiment during his stay, the police said.Jammu's Nowabad police station SHO Jai Pal Sharma told TOI on Monday that during interrogation, Umesh revealed that prior to his visit to Jammu, he had stayed at an Army hospital at the Western Command headquarters in Chandimandir near Chandigarh. \"During his two days stay in the military hospital, he remained in Captain's uniform, underwent ultra sound and various dentistry tests,\" said Sharma. The SHO said they have briefed the Army authorities about his disclosures.The cops have also summoned a Panchkula-based executive of a private cellular company who had allegedly provided mobile numbers to the accused on the basis of fake identity cards. Sharma said Umesh was using fake Army identity cards and documents to meet his lover, a lieutenant in the Military Nursing Service (MNS) of Army and presently posted as a Nurse in the Military Hospital, Satwari in Jammu. He said Umesh had also stayed at various guesthouses in Rajasthan posing as an army officer.According to cops, Umesh has also admitted to visiting 16-Corps Headquarters at Nagrota near Jammu, Military Hospital Satwari near Jammu and Yol Cantonment in Himachal Pradesh. He was also present at Dehradun during passing out parade of the Army Nurse, who is from Ajmer.Police and other investigative agencies are probing if the accused was using the nurse as a tool to intrude Army's vital installations or it was just an attempt to impress her. Sources in the army's western command said it is impossible to get treatment at the military hospital with forged documents without an insider help. Police have also seized a number of phone numbers of army officials from his cell phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017577", "title": "Kids born to overweight mums likelier to be fat", "text": "Mothers who carry too much weight and/or who smoke during pregnancy are more likely to have overweight kids, according to a systematic analysis of available evidence.A high birth weight and rapid weight gain during the first year of life also increase the risk, the study indicated.The researchers base their findings on a comprehensive review of the available evidence, housed in reputable research databases, such as MedLine and PubMed, and published between 1990 and 2011.They included only those studies which tracked children's health from birth until at least the age of two years, and which looked at potential risk factors before birth and up to the age of 12 months.In all, 30 studies, involving more than 200,000 participants, were included in the analysis.The results indicated several significant and independent factors that increased the risks of childhood overweight.These were a mum who was overweight during the pregnancy; high birth-weight of the child; early rapid weight gain during the first year of life; and a mum who smoked during her pregnancy.Smoking during pregnancy alone boosted the risk by 47.5 per cent. But this may be because smoking is a good indicator of other social and lifestyle characteristics, said the researchers.Breastfeeding and late weaning helped to stave off childhood overweight, to some extent, the analysis showed. Breastfeeding cut the risk by 15 per cent.The evidence was mixed for length of breastfeeding, household income and marital status at the time of the child''s birth, and how many other pregnancies the mother had had.And no link was found between the mother's age, educational attainment, ethnicity or depressive symptoms and being overweight during childhood, while the evidence for type of delivery, weight gain during pregnancy, weight loss after pregnancy and whether the child was a \"fussy\" eater was inconclusive.While there seem to be clear factors that increase the risk of childhood overweight, further research will be needed to explore the feasibility of using these in clinical practice to help healthcare professionals pick up infants at risk early on, the researchers concluded.The findings were published online in the Archives of Disease in Childhood .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012911", "title": "25 teams culling and disposing of birds", "text": "BANGALORE: Ten teams are involved in surveillance work in the 10-km-wide affected zone around the Central Poultry Development Organization (CPDO) at Hesaraghatta. \"Twenty-five rapid response teams are involved in the culling and disposal of the birds on the CPDO farm,\" says Aravind Jannu, principal secretary, animal husbandry department.A school on the CDPO premises has been closed for 15 days, the official said.Last week, an action plan was activated in the CPDO farm and its vicinity after tests confirmed that 3,481 turkeys had died of avian flu in the institute. About 800 turkeys were later culled.An alert was sounded in 68 villages within 10 km of Hesaraghatta. About 1.5 lakh poultry birds are housed in the commercial and private farms in these villages.The forest department has been alerted about the situation and directed to take up surveillance of stray, wild and migratory birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17017717", "title": "CNG filling stations call off strike for November 1", "text": "SURAT: The CNG filling stations in Surat, Ankleshwar and Bharuch have called off their one day strike for issues like increase in the commission and maintenance of the filling stations on November 1.The South Gujarat CNG Franchises Association (SGCFA) had announced the closure of all the 33 CNG filling stations of the Gujarat Gas Company Limited (GGCL) on November 1 to protest the long pending demands.However, the company had started efforts to resolve the issues faced by the franchise owners of the CNG filling stations in south Gujarat. A meeting in this connection was held between the top officials of the gas company and the office-bearers of SGCFA on Monday.Sources said that the company has assured the SGCFA members to resolve the issues faced by the CNG filling stations latest by December 1.\"The gas company officials have agreed to resolve the issue and thus we have decided to call off the one day strike on November 1,\" said an office-bearer of SGCFA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011649", "title": "To save turf, MHA turns to its affiliated clubs", "text": "MUMBAI: Reeling under the shock it received after the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) terminated its lease to run the game of hockey at the Mahindra Stadium in Churchgate 10 days ago, the Mumbai Hockey Association (MHA) seems to be running helter skelter to get its house in order.In a bid to garner support and discuss further action on the issue, the MHA has called for a meeting of its 70 affiliated units on October 31 at 6 pm. The letter, sent by MHA secretary Ram Singh Rathor, says: \"We regret to inform you that our MHA Ltd ground lease has been cancelled by Govt of Maharashtra. According to the order, the action is taken because of the complain (sic) made by some former hockey players.\"The letter further states, \"Now we have to save our ground and hockey in Mumbai. You may be aware that 'no sports body is run by any government in India'.\" Seeking support and cooperation from the affiliated clubs, the letter, interestingly, also calls for those attending the meeting to \"carry their club's letterhead/pad and oblige\".Former India hockey stars including Dhanraj Pillay, Joaquim Carvalho and Merwyn Fernandes, and also some women hockey players had pleaded to the government authorities to save the game from the clutches of MHA officials who they said have been running the body as a personal fiefdom.An official, who has been involved with active hockey in Mumbai for several years, squarely blamed the MHA for the present crisis. \"Not long ago the players had pleaded to be taken into the MHA fold to chart a better future for the sport. That was during the MHA election time and since the players were late in their approach, even the court ruled against them then. The MHA then promised to also include a few former players into their fold but had been dilly-dallying for a few months, leading to the revolt and the BMC action.\"The MHA has been contemplating moving the court in an attempt to get a stay against the BMC order. The hockey body has also been criticised for misusing the stadium premises by letting it out for weddings and private functions. Rathor had said that the MHA did so to generate funds to run the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012504", "title": "Brain stroke cases register alarming rise amongst youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is a 30% increase in brain stroke cases being reported across the city, especially in younger patients in the past few years which has got city doctors alarmed about the rising occurrence of the disease. On World Stroke Day observed every year on October 29, specialists from city hospitals are advising denizens to make certain lifestyle changes in order to decrease the risk of brain stroke which is gradually climbing to one of the top spots for leading causes of disability and deaths in the Indian cities.Dr Jaideep Ray Chowdhry, senior neuro physician at Yashoda Hospital said, \"Around four years ago, we got 284 cases of brain stroke in a year alone, but last year, the figure went up to 414 cases. The most alarming trend is the increase in occurrence of stroke among those below 40 years of age.\" He stated that while around five years ago, only 11% of the total cases would be from this age group, today the figure easily comes up to 16%. Attributing the rise to unhealthy lifestyle choices made by most urban youth, he added, \"We see many young patients coming in now who have either already suffered a stroke or are at a high risk of brain stroke due to increased consumption of alcohol, smoking , stress , erratic sleep patterns etc. All these factors contribute to hypertension, diabetes , obesity , high cholesterol levels, low vitamin D, low haemoglobin and also cause infections like tuberculosis. These are the conditions that increase the chances of a brain stroke significantly.\" Experts from the field said that following a healthy lifestyle can greatly reduce the risk of stroke and patients with high BP, diabetes, migraine or being obese should be even more cautious.Doctors advise people to consult a specialist immediately if any symptoms of stroke like sudden severe headache , loss of vision in one or both eyes, numbness or weakness in one side of face or limbs and sudden confusion or trouble speaking.Treatment within six hours of a stroke can reduce related conditions like disability, loss of memory or speech, and loss of vision and improve the patient's quality of life by 30%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17013075", "title": "Whistleblower on Maharashtra dams in legal tangle", "text": "MUMBAI: An RTI activist from the city who unearthed information on the long-pending dam projects in Maharashtra has been served a notice asking him to prove that he is the owner of the single piece of land that he owns.Four months ago, Jeetendra Ghadge had filed an RTI on all the dam works across Maharashtra. The response he received was scandalous. Even as large parts of Maharashtra reel under drought, dams initiated as long ago as 45 years ago were still works in progress. Construction deadlines had been pushed endlessly and costs were inflated, sometimes leading to a project itself getting drowned.The information was priceless but Ghadge had to pay for his curiosity. He and his mother received a notice from the talati of Satara's Khatav taluka (Ransingwadi village), where he owns 6.5 acres of land inherited from his late father. The tehsildar asked him to prove that he was the real owner as someone has pressed a claim for the same piece of land.\"The notice is handwritten and illegible and it proves the intention of the sender. It is clearly an attempt to make my mother and me run from pillar to post. But such harassment is not going to deter me from filings more RTIs,\" Ghadge said. This is not the first time he has faced such an attack from the government machinery-once, in the past, the water supply in his house was cut for a week.The RTI information that Ghadge got on the dams was damaging for the government. Several dams, small and large, the RTI response revealed, are stuck: some for want of funds, others because land will have to be acquired. Many others have been stalled because of the crossfire between the state and the population that will get displaced. To quote just two examples, a project started in 1967 is still under construction while the Nira Deoghar project, initiated in May 1984, has seen a cost escalation of 2,070%, going from Rs 61.5 crore to Rs 1,334.4 crore. It is now languishing due to a lack of funds.As in Ghadge's case, the going has become tougher for most RTI activists. While some said they had personally not faced such blatant harassment, most conceded that they no longer received a response to their RTI queries within the stipulated one month and had to file an appeal in at least 80% of the cases.RTI activists, like other human rights defenders, are used to living on the edge. Many of them are regularly harassed or assaulted whenever they have come too close to the truth while some have even been killed. Manoranjan Roy, an activist who had asked for sensitive information from the sales tax department, was shocked when an officer landed up at his place to confirm his address. \"My wife was alone at home when this officer came. He enquired about my whereabouts, asked for my cell number and left,\" Roy said.Another case is that of Rajeev Kumar , a professor from the computer science department at IIT-Kharagpur. Through a series of RTIs, he had revealed flaws in the joint entrance exam and was lauded by the Supreme Court as an \"unsung hero\". But Kumar was suspended in May 2011 for \"misconduct\" and charged with damaging the reputation of IIT-Kharagpur by making allegations on several issues from the purchase of laptops to copying in examinations, all details he had unearthed using the RTI Act.Former CIC Shailesh Gandhi acknowledged that the administration becomes wary once it senses that a particular RTI user has the capability to bring official misdeeds out in the open. \"A certain kind of resistance is built up against him by the machinery,\" Gandhi said. \"Information is not revealed under some pretext and the administration knows that once it lands up in the commission, it will take some time for it to come up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012078", "title": "GMC to host pediatric surgeons' meet from Nov 1", "text": "BHOPAL: The 38th annual national conference of Indian association of pediatric surgeons -IAPSCON 2012- will be organised by the department of pediatric surgery, Gandhi medical college (GMC) in Bhopal from November 1.\"The objective of the four-day conference is to bring together leading professionals and support personnel for a comprehensive overview about varied aspects of pediatric surgery,\" said organising secretary Dr KS Budhwani. About 350 - 400 delegates are expected from all over India and other countries are expected to participate in the four-day conference.One of the world's top liver transplant surgeons, best known for his expertise on liver transplantation, Dr Mohamed Rela would also be participating in the conference, according to a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012898", "title": "Crime branch takes over probe into Bidushi case", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch, which was conducting a parallel probe in the death case of model Bidushi Barde, has now initiated a full-fledged investigation after the five teams from police stations failed to solve it.Crime branch officials questioned Bidushi's husband, Kedar, at their Bandra office on Monday. Since Bidushi's death, he had been questioned, but on Saturday, the local police allowed him to resume his routine. The local police claimed they had questioned around 20 people and prima facie, could not find any strong evidence suggesting their direct involvement in Bidushi's death.The crime branch also called the model coordinator who allegedly sent threat messages to Bidushi and the security guard of her building for questioning.Kedar found Bidushi's blood-splattered body after he returned home from office last Monday night. He called a doctor and the guard to help him take his wife to hospital where she was declared dead on arrival.Finding nothing amiss in the flat, the police ruled out robbery as a motive and initially, registered an accidental case. The next day, when deep injuries were discovered on Bidushi's neck, they converted the case into a murder.Kedar told the police that when he entered the house, he found that Bidushi's neck was resting on lower part of an iron frame of a showcase and shards of its glasses lying around her. Cops and experts are yet to conclude if her neck injuries was due to an accidental or caused by someone.The police have sent their reports to senior officers for further direction. A senior officer said, \"We have not a given clean chit to anyone and will again call all the persons linked for questioning if required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17013457", "title": "Engineering student drowns in quarry", "text": "BELGAUM: Not listening to locals proved costly for an engineering student. Santosh Bhasavanni Kumbar, 21, a second-year engineering student of SG Balekundri Institute of Technology, Nehrunagar, and resident of Muchadi, Belgaum taluk, drowned in a quarry filled with rainwater at Shagamatti, behind the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha here on Monday.Six engineering students, including Santosh, went swimming in the quarry in the afternoon. Santosh, a good swimmer, jumped into the water. Within seconds he started flailing his arms. Realising that his friend was in danger, Sandeep Patil jumped in. But he could not trace Santosh. The boys informed local police who swung into action.Locals had warned the students against swimming in the quarry. But they did not heed them, said police. Firefighters and swimmers called off their search after darkness fell. They will resume the search on Tuesday morning.Santosh and his friends spotted the quarry when they came to attend the inauguration of Suvarna Vidhana Soudha. They had written about it on their home page in Facebook. They decided to go for a swim before college reopened on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016803", "title": "Wisin &amp; Yandel record song with Ricky Martin, JLo", "text": "The reggaeton duo Wisin &amp; Yandel announced Monday the upcoming launch of the song \"Adrenalina\" that they recorded with Ricky Martin and Jennifer Lopez .Wisin told a press conference that the tune \"really moves\" and joining forces in it are \"four Puerto Ricans who have brought a lot of success\" to the island through their international careers.He said they recorded the song for one of Lopez's projects, but after hearing \"the tones and the vibe\", they invited Martin to take part as well because of the music's energy, which they compared to \"Livin' la Vida Loca\".\"We told him it was an explosion of a number. The public needs to see people united and preferably by music so it never ends,\" Wisin said.Both Martin and Lopez had previously teamed up with Wisin &amp; Yandel to make recordings.Martin did it when he invited the reggaeton duo to do the song \"Frio\" (Cold) that he included on his disc \"Musica + Alma + Sexo\" (Music + Soul + Sex), while Lopez sang for the Wisin &amp; Yandel album \"Los Lideres\" (The Leaders) the single \"Follow the Leader\".The duo and Lopez are also teaming up in December for concerts in Puerto Rico .This will be the first time in 11 years that New York-born JLo will appear on the Caribbean island.\"They'd better dress comfortably because they're going to sweat a lot. JLo is anxious to be in her land,\" Wisin said, adding that \"many US artists have confirmed\" their participation in the concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017947", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new film is Hare Rama Hare Krishna?", "text": "The latest buzz to hit the film nagar is that power star Pawan Kalyan's new film is titled Hare Rama Hare Krishna. The family entertainer to be directed by Trivikram Srinivas, is expected to commence shooting in December but the makers have not officially confirmed the title.Further, it was also reported that the film will be on the lines of Nuvvu Naku Nachav, (starring Victory Venkatesh) for which Trivikram penned the dialogues and the story. Trivikram further hinted that the script for Pawan's film will depict the Telugu culture and traditions with a strong message. Produced by BVSN Prasad, the film has Samantha sharing screen scape with Pawan and music by Devi Sri Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17011876", "title": "India vs England: Facing the final frontier", "text": "Call it a revenge series or what you may, it won't be a cakewalk for England unless the visitors implode or expose their chronic lack of imagination against spin. Alastair Cook's first assignment as Test skipper in India will be a challenging one but the visitors have the wherewithal to survive the trial. TOI lists a few areas the visitors must watch out for in India, they call the final frontier.Opening combination: With Andrew Strauss calling it quits on his Test career, England have a genuine headache with the opening combination. Strauss and Alastair Cook had formed a watertight pair having the technique and skill to see off the new ball. Strauss, especially, had the stamina to play out sessions and always put a price on his wicket. In his absence, Cook might have to open with an inexperienced Joe Root.Spin threat: Visiting teams have frequently succumbed against Indian spinners at home and England's susceptibility against tweakers is well documented. Alastair Cook's men were humiliated by Pakistan and more prominently Saeed Ajmal , in the Test series in Dubai earlier this year. Harbhajan recently ran through England's batting in the World T20 in Sri Lanka. Add to it tormentors like R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha. Enough reasons for England to worry, indeed.Team harmony: The break after the World T20 in Sri Lanka has given most of the England players the much-needed rest before a gruelling series in India. But for the team to regroup under a new skipper, a new set of rules and, of course, welcoming Kevin Pietersen back in the dressing room after the unsavoury 'text message' episode will be a test for the visitors in terms of team spirit and camaraderie.Inexperience of playing in India: Eight of the visiting 16 members of the England squad don't have the experience of playing Test cricket in India. While Cook, Bell, Pietersen, Anderson, Panesar and Swann will have to show the intent to rack up figures against the hosts at home, the likes of Trott, Finn, Anderson and Root will need huge motivation and guidance to grind out sessions in the not-so-friendly tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013242", "title": "Direct flights to five new cities from Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: There is good news for the domestic air travellers from Jaipur. Five new cities will be connected with the Pink City during winters. These cities include Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Bhubaneshwar, Coimbatore and Dibrugarh.In the newly released winter schedule the Airports Authority of India, Jaipur said that the Jaipur airport will now be connected with these cities.During winters 26 domestic flights will operate from the Jaipur airport. \"The flight to Bhubaneswar will take off at 8.20 am everyday and will also take passengers to Kolkata,\" said an airport operations manager on Monday.For air travellers seeking a flight to Coimbatore the daily flight will take off at 5.30 am and will operate via Mumbai. There is another flight to Coimbatore which will run via Hyderabad, sources added.Air travellers to north east can also get a flight to Dibrugarh via Kolkata- Guwahati which will leave at 8.20 pm.According to the sources, the frequency of the flights would be increased by mid-November as it would only depend on the load factor. \"There could be more than one flight to these destinations. By November we are planning to increase the frequency provided we get ample clientele,\" said an operator.A direct flight to Kochi will take off at 5.30 am and will run via Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17013548", "title": "DSC road to soon be rid of potholes, traffic jams", "text": "Noida: Commuters frequenting the Dadri-Surajpur-Chalera (DSC) road to travel between Noida and Greater Noida will soon be able to enjoy a snarl-free commute as Noida Authority has decided to begin work from November 1 to repair, revamp and rid the stretch of traffic chaos. The revamp and beautification work will be done on the stretch between Atta Peer and Sector 37.This stretch experiences constant waterlogging every monsoon and is riddled with potholes and ditches. While temporary filling was done on the stretch, repair and resurfacing work will be done as part of the Authority's larger plan following recommendations of Central Road Research Institute.Besides the repair work, Rs 54 lakh has been allocated to beautify the stretch. This plan includes development of dedicated green belts along either side of the road and the central verge. New saplings will also be planted at the Sector 37 junction and at Rajnigandha underpass.The Authority has also decided to construct a 2.5km-long flyover that will begin at Sector 78 and end at Sector 82 to ease traffic chaos between DSC road and Noida-Greater Noida Expressway.A private consultant was appointed last month for this project and officials say that the Detailed Project Report will be wrapped up by mid-November. The flyover will be constructed at a cost of Rs 250 crore and will make travel from Sector 37 to the Noida-Greater Expressway and towards Dadri free of traffic jams. It will also reduce travel time between Sectors 82, 93, 105, etc and the expressway considerably.\"The survey was done to identify the most congested stretches across Noida. The stretch between Sectors 78 and 82 along the DSC road is one of the points that need immediate attention, so we have decided to construct the flyover,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012709", "title": "Centre approves roll out of e-district scheme in entire UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following the success of a pilot e-district scheme being implemented in six districts of Uttar Pradesh, the Centre on Monday approved the roll out of the scheme in the remaining 69 districts of UP. Implemented under the National E-governance Plan, the Centre also approved an additional amount of Rs 173.39 crore for the project on the basis of the detailed project report furnished to it by UP government.The pilot e-district project started in UP during 2007-08 and was implemented in Sitapur, Rae Bareli, Sultanpur, Gorakhpur, Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad. Under the project 22 government services offered by nine departments were provided through an electronic service delivery system at Service Centres and Lokvani Kendras set up in the districts.Chief secretary Jawed Usmani met with top departmental heads for giving shape to the roll out plan in the remaining districts of UP. The apex committee also considered plans for customising some points of the request for proposal document to suit UP which the Centre has proposed as part of the open tendering procedure for appointing a system integrator. Following the meeting, the committee will now issue instructions for readying infrastructure and hardware facilities across districts and tehsils where the project will be implemented. As part of the implementation preparations, officials of the district and tehsil level will also be put through refresher courses and training under the change management programme to familiarise them with the e-governance programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17013500", "title": "4-year-old migrant raped", "text": "LUDHIANA: A four-year-old migrant girl was raped by a man named Nepali who runs a dhaba in street number 1. The victim is being treated at a hospital and the accused is absconding. Cops at Sunder Nagar police chowki have started with the investigation and a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17013232", "title": "Occult way of life in Assam village", "text": "When Mughal general Raja Ram Singh was ordered by Aurangzeb to take an army to Assam and subdue the Ahoms in 1667, he picked up the assignment with trepidation. He didn't fear the Ahom military might, but Assam's fearsome reputation as a land of black magic. Mayong, a village some 40 km from Guwahati, was the deemed capital of occult.Ram Singh took along ninth Sikh guru Teg Bahadur to ward off evil. Teg Bahadur inadvertently introduced the Sikh faith in Assam, but couldn't save the Mughal generalissimo from defeat. The Mughals were routed in the Battle of Saraighat in 1671 and Ram Singh beat a hasty retreat. He was lucky; a few others before him did not come back alive. Ikhtiyaruddin Yuzbuk Tughril Khan, a sultan of Bengal invaded Assam in 1256-57 and perished with his army there. Alamgir Nama of Mirza Muhammad Kazim, a chronicle of the first 10 years of Emperor Aurangzeb's reign, while talking about an invasion by Muhammad Shah in 1332 with one lakh horsemen, says, \"The whole army perished in that land of witchcraft, and not a trace was left\". Was it a true assessment?Award-winning film critic-turned-filmmaker Utpal Borpujari says the myth of Mayong needs to be studied from a scientific point of view. \"Isn't it amazing that a bez (witch doctor) casts a spell and a bell-metal dish sticks to the back of a man sitting upright, defying the law of gravity? I saw this with my own eyes.\" This journalist has now decided to make a film called 'Mayong: Myth/Reality'.\"When 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Part 2' was released in India on July 15, 2011, we conducted an informal survey among 200 people in Guwahati about whether they had heard about Mayong,\" Borpujari says. \"The results were surprising. Many hadn't heard about it, while those who had, didn't know where it was located. While they knew everything about Harry Potter, they were largely unaware that in Mayong, the practice of magic has been a way of life. The irony is that many had travelled to Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, famed for its one-horned rhino population, without knowing they had passed through Mayong,\" he says.Incidentally,Assamese author Sushil Rajkhowa's book, 'Rinkur Rajsabha Part I', too is inspired by the magic practised in Mayong. Rajkhowa says there is a mine of historical texts in Mayong that has not been tapped. Borpujari too confirms this.\"I saw many texts, written on paper or bark, in a museum in Mayong and in the homes of villagers. Almost every family has inherited texts on magic from their ancestors, which they have either preserved or destroyed out of fear of these falling into wrong hands. Most people here are very secretive about their art and don't reveal it to strangers. Many spells have passed down generations orally and not in the written form.Now, the National Mission for Manuscripts, a wing of the Union ministry of culture, has undertaken a project in association with Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra, Guwahati, to preserve manuscripts dealing with magic and the history of Mayong,\" Borpujari says.Fortunately, there's been no instance of witch hunting or any form of persecution here, unlike other places in India. Andhra Pradesh, for instance, has districts where occult is practiced; Rangareddi district in Telengana is one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17016633", "title": "Hindu trader killed by unidentified men in Pak's Sindh", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Hindu trader was killed in Pakistan's southern Sindh province during the Eid holidays, triggering protests by the minority community in the Hyderabad region.Trader Dhayan Chand Bhagri was killed early in the morning on Saturday while he was returning home after selling cattle in the livestock market at Latifabad, his father Sobho Bhagri told the media.The unidentified killers escaped with Rs 720,000 that Dhayan Chand had earned after selling his cattle, his father said.Members of the Hindu community protested outside the press club in Hyderabad city yesterday and demanded the arrest of those who killed the trader.The protestors were led by the parents of Dhayan Chand and representatives of various political parties.The protesters shouted slogans and criticised police for not arresting the killers.They appealed to the Sindh chief minister to take notice of the incident and direct police to arrest the killers.Police officials in Latifabad said they had lodged an FIR on the basis of a complaint by Sobho Bhagri.Two unidentified persons were nominated in the FIR, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012801", "title": "ONGC well leaking gas off Andhra coast", "text": "NEW DELHI: A possible environmental bomb is ticking in the Bay of Bengal off the Andhra coast. A well drilled through the ocean bed by state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) for pumping natural gas has been leaking for the last two months, spewing methane into air.There are no immediate reports of any damage to the environment, marine life or the coast line. But apprehensions of the leakage going out of control are growing. An uncontrolled gush of gas could also throw up crude oil and causing a spill.In January, 2011, a rupture in the company's undersea crude-carrying pipeline caused an oil spill off the Mumbai coast by spewing an estimated 30,000 barrels of oil. A timely plugging of the leakage had averted a major disaster then.But efforts by ONGC to plug the gas leakage in the east coast have failed and the company has sought help from private players such as Reliance Industries and Cairn as well as the Coast Guard and the Navy. There are conflicting reports about the distance of the leakage from the shore line. Some accounts put it at 20 km, while others said 150 km.ONGC chairman Sudhir Vasudeva was abroad on an official tour, and could not be contacted. Efforts to contact ONGC director (exploration) S V Rao also did not succeed.Sources could not quantify the amount of precious gas that has been lost since the leakage started around August 30. But they reckon nearly a lakh cubic metres of gas was escaping from the well into the air.Dr Banwari Lal, a scientist at energy and environment research institute, Teri, said it was be difficult to estimate any possible damage to the environment without conducting a study. \"Since gas is escaping into air, it is difficult to gauge the overall damage to environment without conducting a study... the air quality in the area has to be monitored. The danger would be if oil spills out. But that hasn't happened.ONGC normally has air quality monitors on its offshore installations that alerts if there is any build up of inflammable gas. So far, there has been no report of any fouling of air surrounding the well area or any danger to marine vessel traffic.The leakage has happened in the well identified as G-1-9. This was drilled a decade back but was not brought into production. ONGC planned to start the well next year with its other gas finds in the neighbourhood. ONGC had plans to produce 2.7 mcmd (million cubic meters) of gas and 9,400 barrels of associated oil daily from this and a clutch of other wells in the area. The leakage could delay the production plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17011563", "title": "Petition filed against 'plunderbund' of state", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Paryavaran Savrakshan Sangharsh Samitee, an NGO, has approached the National Green Tribunal with a petition against 25 mining companies and two former chief ministers.Seeking \"restitution of environment and compensation for victims of environmental destruction due to illegal mining\", the petition has sought the assessment of the damage caused to the original mining properties.The chief ministers who have been made respondents two and three in the petition are current Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and Poriem MLA Pratapsingh Rane respectively.Samitee president Bruno Rodrigues told TOI, \"We have filed a petition against 25 mining companies and we are in the process of filing more against more companies.\"The petition states that Kamat and Rane, as chief minister and/or mines minister, were \"active parties and/or were privy to the illegal extraction of iron ore and other minerals in eco-sensitive areas purportedly covered under mining concession/lease\".It points out that in the last decade, China, one of the countries importing iron ore from India, developed technology to manufacture iron/pig iron from low-grade iron ore and therefore began buying low grade iron ore up to 40-45% Fe. \"Thus, for the last seven years (Kamat and Rane) who were the administrative heads being chief ministers took huge undue advantage of the high demand of low-grade iron ore in China and they joined hands with existing and some new iron ore exporters and virtually formed a 'plunderbund' and caused huge loot of the said dumped iron ore as well as freshly mined ore, the total of which accounted and unaccounted together has risen to several hundred million tonnes, an alarming and mind killing figure,\" states the petition.It has sought before the tribunal the assessment of the actual damage caused to the original properties granted to the mining companies. \"The tribunal upon recovering such amount may be pleased to order all such amount to be credited to the environmental relief fund with a further specific direction quantifying the amount to be spent on the restoration of damaged property and the amount payable to each section of victims,\" states the petition.The \"damaged property\" refers to that which was originally covered under mining concession as well as that which was encroached upon.The \"victims\" include those who suffered from the damage caused to the environment as well as to those \"consequential\" from the abrupt stoppage of legal mining in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012855", "title": "Court seeks Velachery shootout probe details", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the Chennai police to furnish the magisterial probe report and the CB-CID report on the encounter killing of five suspected bank robbers at Velachery on February 16. A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan gave the direction to the state public prosecutor, Shanmugavelayudham, on Monday.When the government side submitted only one of the two reports in a sealed cover, the judges referred to their order dated September 27, directing the authorities to furnish the magistrate's report and that of the CB-CID within two weeks. Noting that the period was already over, the judges asked the public prosecutor to furnish the reports by Tuesday. However, public prosecutor sought a week's time. The matter will now be taken up for further hearing on November 5.Another petition, questioning the competence of a judicial magistrate to probe the encounter killing, too is pending before the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17013438", "title": "Kavuri refuses to take back his resignation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eluru MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao stood his ground, refusing to take back his resignation. The five-time MP, who met PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana here on Monday, was non-committal.Kavuri resigned as an MP after he was denied a berth in the Union council of ministers. His grouse was that many of his junior colleagues were preferred for the ministerial berth and he was ignored by the AICC.Talking to presspersons after the meeting, the PCC chief, however, exuded confidence that Kavuri would take his resignation back and continue in the Congress.\"I don't find any fault with Kavuri, who expected a berth in the cabinet. He is one of the senior most MPs in the Lok Sabha. The party leadership has plans to use his experience in the party affairs,\" he said. Botsa said he had requested Kavuri to withdraw his resignation in the larger interests of the party.The PCC chief said the state had got a lion's share in the cabinet reshuffle and this would help rejuvenate the party cadre in AP. Botsa did not attach importance to Chintalapudi MLA M Rajesh Kumar's switching sides to the YSR Congress. \"These defections do not pose a threat to the Congress government in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17012274", "title": "Tremors shake up 5 districts", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Panic spread across several villages in five districts in the state due to mild tremors on Monday. People ran out of their houses when the earth shook for a few seconds. Though no casualties were reported from any of the districts, there was panic in many places in Krishna, Guntur, Prakasam, Nalgonda, and Khammam.There were reports of tremors even at Hayathnagar in Rangareddy district around the same time. The earth quake monitoring centre at Vijayawada termed the incident as 'very minor' and said there was nothing to worry about. \"It's common to experience such tremors when the rocky layers of earth make adjustments within themselves,\" said RDO S Venkata Rao.According to information, some houses and structures suffered minor damages due to the tremors in Nalgonda district. However, officials admitted that it was for the first time that the tremors were felt in so many villages almost simultaneously.Many of these villages which are closer to the Krishna river bank were put in the tremor zone long back. Not much damage occurred though these areas often experienced tremors. In fact, a few villages in Krishna and Guntur districts experience tremors frequently.Monday's tremors put people on the edge because they were felt in several villages.\"I was shocked when I felt the earth moving under my feet,\" said Shaik Meera Hussain of Chandarlapadu village near Nandigama. He said he ran out of his house shouting that all the family members should come out. Hundreds of villagers ran out of their houses and spent nearly an hour on the streets fearing that the tremors might occur again.According to information reaching here, tremors were witnessed in Nandigama and Jaggaiahpet, Epur, Piduguralla, Savalyapuram, Vinukonda, Bollapalli, Sattenapalle, Macherla and Machavaram in Guntur district, Addanki, Martur, Mundlamur, Santhanuthapaladu, Darsi mandals in Prakasam districts. People felt the earth shaking for two seconds in Chintakani, Sattupalli and Madhira mandals in Khammam district, Miryalaguda, Damaracherla, Tipparthi, Halia, Suryapet, and Mellachervu mandals in Nalgonda district and Hayathnagar area in Rangareddy district. The quake measuring 3.8 on the Richter scale epicentered 25 km west of Narsaraopet and north of Vinukonda, according to seismologists of the National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) in Hyderabad. Seismologist D Srinagesh of NGRI said that as a result of the quake, tremors were felt at several places within 100-km radius of the epicentre. \"There is nothing to worry about as it cannot be described as a big quake. However, we are monitoring the situation,\" Srinagesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17013458", "title": "District BJP heading towards split over BSY's party plans", "text": "HUBLI: Dharwad district, which has been the stronghold of BJP since many years, is fast heading towards a split with former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa deciding to float a new party.For BJP, the district remained as nerve center in north Karnataka and a split is bound to weaken the party in the region.The district witnessed two factions within the party when there was a tussle over change in leadership three years ago when Yeddyurappa was the CM. A few leaders, who were loyal to Jagadish Shettar, joined the rebel-camp led by Reddy brothers, who were demanding to change Yeddyurappa. And those who were loyal to Yeddyurappa distanced themselves from Reddy brothers.All the leaders including a few sitting MLAs and MLCs who showed their allegiance to Yeddyurappa during the crisis now have reportedly made up their mind to go with Yeddyurappa.After Yeddyurappa announced that he would launch a new party, his loyalists in Dharwad district are distancing themselves from party's activities and functions. Not-so-huge response to the recently held BJP Yuva Morcha convention in Hubli also sent a clear message that all is not well with the party in the district.MLAs S I Chikkangowdar, Chandrakanth Bellad, MLC Mohan Limbikai, former mayor Venktesh Mestri, BJP leaders CM Nimbannavar, Ashok Katwe and others have been identified with the BSY camp. Yeddurappa's decision to quit BJP has left these leaders in confusion and but most of them are said to be firm to go with their leader.Though they are not openly claiming to support the former CM, they are waiting for the high command's reaction to his decision. Sources also said that loyalists of Yeddyurappa in district are hugely upset with the way their leader was sidelined and meted out injustice in the party.Speaking to TOI, MLA Chikkangowdar, said, Yeddyurappa had toiled for years to build the party in the state. Without Yeddyurappa, there is no future for BJP in the state. \"The person (BSY) who brought the party to power with his individual charisma should have been given a respectable position, instead of being dethroned unceremoniously,\" he said.\"I come from a family with agriculture background and I have a good connect with my voters. I can win election on my individual capacity without party support,\" said Chikkangowdar.However, Mahesh Tenginkai, BJP district president, said that about 95% leaders in party will stay in BJP and there is no confusion.\"We are hopeful that party high command will convince Yeddyurappa to stay with BJP,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013819", "title": "Delhi weather: Season's first fog reaches city", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first foggy day of the season officially arrived on Monday, according to the Met office .Low visibility procedures (LVP) were implemented at IGI airport for a few hours in the morning after visibility dropped to around 400m, though no flights were affected.More shallow fog has been predicted for Tuesday morning.This was the second time this month that LVP had to be implemented at the airport but the first time, which was a week back, was largely due to smog and haze.Dense fog may still be far off: MetMonday's condition was due to the deep depression over southwest Bay of Bengal . The upper part of the cyclonic current brought moisture over the northern parts of the country. Consequently, Haryana, Delhi and parts of west Uttar Pradesh witnessed shallow fog on Monday. In fact, visibility was low all through the day as humidity levels were quite high and wind speed was low. Wind picked up slightly towards evening finally,\" said R K Jenamani , director in-charge , IGI Met.\"The cyclone, had it occurred later in the year, would have definitely resulted in dense fog but since the night temperatures are still on the higher side, dense fog is not possible at present. The present phenomenon is only a short spell,\" he said. Met officials also said that they would have to wait for the deep depression to culminate into a cyclonic circulation over Tamil Nadu in the next day or so before they could predict fog for the rest of the week.In 2011, fog set in over Delhi on November 18 and lasted for a week. Based on current climatic conditions, sources also said that while no definite prediction for the coming winter season could be made, fog hours were not likely to be less than normal.Monday's maximum temperature was 28.8 degrees Celsius , two degrees below normal while the minimum was 14.6 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal. While Gurgaon had the lowest minimum across Delhi and NCR with 12.9 degrees Celsius, Delhi's minimum ranged from 13.5 degrees at Mungeshpur to 17.1 degrees at Delhi University.On Monday, when low visibility procedures were implemented around 6.30am, general visibility was 400m and the runway visual range was 800m on the new runway and 1,500m on the main runway. Later, the average RVR across the three runways ranged between 700m and 900m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012969", "title": "Maharashtra CM hints at bittersweet Diwali this year", "text": "MUMBAI: Sugar will be dearer this Diwali. In an informal chat with journalists at Mantralaya on Monday, CM Prithviraj Chavan said the sugarcane crop is down 40% as compared to last year, owing to a poor rainfall and drought conditions.\"The sugarcane crop this year is only 545 lakh tonnes as compared to 771 lakh tonnes last year. Maharashtra produced a record 90 lakh tonnes. This year it will be much less,\" he said. On subsidy for LPG cylinders, he said the state cabinet would take up the issue this week. \"We are looking at the financial implications and what other states have done,\" he said.Citizens, he said, should understand that there are no free lunches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "17012568", "title": "Faizabad peaceful, curfew relaxed for another six hours", "text": "FAIZABAD: With no untoward incident reported during the curfew break on Monday, district administration in Faizabad has decided to lift the prohibitory orders for another six hours on Tuesday as well.Curfew had to be imposed in two police circles of the temple city following communal clashes on Wednesday evening in which two persons were killed.Though sporadic incidents of arson were reported on Thursday and Friday, the situation was brought completely under control Saturday onwards. During the curfew break on Monday, senior superintendent of police (SSP) Faizabad Ramit Sharma ensured rigorous patrolling of police and paramilitary convoys across the trouble-hit localities while district magistrate Deepak Agarwal maintained close watch on the situation.Presence of district police and paramilitary forces in large numbers managed to instill confidence among the local residents who turned out in large numbers to purchase groceries and items of daily need.The district authorities also set up mobile stalls to distribute milk and ration in areas which were under curfew for the last five days at a stretch.Meanwhile, district police rounded up another 100 individuals in connection with 20 FIRs that have been lodged in connection with the riots, pushing the count of total arrests to around 200.The accused have been identified on the basis of CCTV footage procured from areas where cameras have been installed for general security.The police have also sought video tapes and photographs of the violence clicked by local media for news coverage, to help identify the mischief makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17014016", "title": "Kerala Agricultural University diverts research funds for pensions", "text": "KOCHI: Crucial research activity at Kerala Agricultural University (KAU), till recently considered one of the premier institutions of that category in the country, has ground to a halt following acute financial crisis.According to depositions made by the university authorities before the Kerala Public Expenditure Review Committee headed by economist B A Prakash, KAU officials conceded that by the end of the current year the university would end up with a liability of Rs 279.62 crore.The university has not been able to disburse pension benefits like PF, gratuity, commutation allowance since March 2010 to 4,329 retired employees. It has also not been able to pay PF advance and leave surrender allowance to its serving employees for the last 12 months.In fact the university has been diverting PF and project funds for meeting salary and pension requirements for the last couple of years. KAU has to remit Rs 92.83 crore as contribution and interest to the PF account. \"We have now reached a stage where we will not be able to draw further money from the PF account as we are left with only balance of only Rs 4 crore in that account,\" Joy Mathew, controller of KAU, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012671", "title": "IIT study may force govt to downgrade Ganga\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s status", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a development that further establishes the poor state of the Ganga, an inter-ministerial group (IMG) at the Centre is all set to classify the holy river in the 'C' (poor) category. The categorization is likely to be done in view of a report submitted by IIT-Roorkee which found that in the coming days 84% of the water flow in the river will either be diverted to tunnels or reservoirs because of over 100 hydro-electric power projects proposed on the river in Uttarakhand.Once these hydro-electric projects come into existence, the river will be left with only 16% of the original flow, the report has observed. Apart from the interrupted flow of the river because of the proposed and under-constructed dams, illegal mining and pollution has also pushed the holy river into the company of highly polluted rivers. The top category (Category A) belongs to those rivers which have uninterrupted flow and negligible pollution. Gradually, the grade depreciates according to the level of pollution and water flow.The proposed categorization has led to alarm bells ringing among the environmentalists and left the water and river activist enraged. Magsaysay Award winner Rajendra Singh who is also a member of the IMG on issues related to Ganga, while confirming the proposed category for the Ganga, termed the government move as highly unfortunate. The Ganga should be classified as an A-category river and efforts be made to make it pollution-free. One cannot shy away from the responsibility in the name of development,'' Singh said while speaking to TOI on phone from New Delhi.Singh, in a letter (dated October 28), addressed to chairman of the IMG, BK Chaturvedi, demanded cancellation of dams proposed on the Ganga's tributaries -- Alaknanda, Mandakini and Bhagirathi. Among the bigger projects that are proposed or are under construction on the Ganga and its tributaries include Kotlibhel, Kotlibhel 1A, Kothlibhel 1B, Bowala Nandprayag, Vishnugad-pipalkoti, Badrinath-Alaknanda, Phata-Byung, Singoli-Bhatwari, Rambara, and Tapovan-Vishnugad. The Loharinagpala, Pala-Maneri and Bhairon Ghati hydro-electric project was cancelled by National Ganga River Basin Authority ( NGRBA). Likewise, the Srinagar project, too, has been stopped since May 30, 2011.The issue is likely to be raked up at the IMG meeting scheduled on November 2 in New Delhi. According to a note that is likely to be tabled in the meeting, the IIT consortium has suggested 72% of the river to flow freely. The note also speaks of IIT consortium suggesting the government to categorize Ganga at least as a 'B' class river before it is elevated to 'A' class.Singh said that even the objective of the Ganga river basin management plan is restoration of the wholesomeness of all rivers of the Ganga basin with a particular emphasis on the holy river itself. But that does not seem to translate into reality,'' said Singh, who now plans to call a 'Ganga Sansad' in Garhmukteshwar between November 25 and November 28 to rake up the issue and create awareness among the people.The proposed 'polluted' tag for the Ganga flies on the face of government which has been claiming to be a harbinger of the river associated with sentiments of scores of people, not only in India but abroad. One of the ambitious projects, the Ganga Action Plan or GAP was launched by former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi in April 1986 in order to reduce the pollution load on the river. But the efforts to decrease the pollution level in the river became more after spending Rs 901.71 crore. The plan was withdrawn on March 31, 2000. Phase-II of the programme was then approved in stages from 1993 onwards.Illegal mining along the river too has cast its shadows on the river. In 2011, a Hindu seer Swami Nigamananda Saraswati sat on a fast unto death in protest against the illegal mining in the district of Haridwar. Following his death in June 2011, his ashram leader Swami Shivananda fasted for 11 days starting on November 25, 2011, forcing the Uttarkhand government to ban illegal mining all over Haridwar district. Accordingly, quarrying in the Ganga is proposed to be studied by a special committee which would assess its environmental impacts the river and its nearby areas.This was followed by agitation by environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal who, too, sat on a fast unto death on January 15, 2012, demanding redressal of heavy pollution in the river. His agitation too met with some success as support poured in from quarters like social activists Anna Hazare. Later, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh agreed to Prof Agrawal's demands and accordingly convened a meeting of National River Ganga Basin Authority (NRGBA) to utilize the Rs 2,600 crore sanctioned for creating sewer networks, sewage treatment plants, sewage pumping stations, electric crematoria, community toilets and development of river fronts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012045", "title": "Congress to deal sternly with factionalism", "text": "BHOPAL: Out of power in the state for nine years, the Congress has decided to use the disciplinary cane to tame factional politics within the party. If leaders refused to toe the line, the complaint would be taken to AICC president Sonia Gandhi. And if party workers fail to adhere to rules, action will be initiated against them.The first hint of punitive action against disunity within the party was given by AICC general secretary and former chief minister Digvijay Singh on Sunday while he was addressing a Mahila Congress function in the city. Digvijay Singh said the time had come to sort out all differences within the party ranks and bring prominent leaders together so the Congress could fight a united war against the ruling BJP in assembly polls 2013.\"We will join hands and together fight the upcoming polls in the state,\" Digvijay Singh said. \"The small differences, arguments and disputes need to be thrashed out and resolved after which the party will have to stand united.\" Looking at PCC president Kantilal Bhuria , Singh instructed, \"Bring all party leaders for every political function and have 'Soniaji' to reprimand those who do not cooperate.\" Later, at a closed door meeting of political workers, Digvijay Singh also suggested that \"my man is the best\" feeling had to end if the Congress was to come back to power in the state.The action against factionalism has already been initiated by the PCC. On November 4, the Congress will organise a massive rally in New Delhi to educate the country on the achievements of the UPA-Centre and \"expose\" BJP president Nitin Gadkari's alleged corruption. The MPCC has been asked to mobilize a 50,000 strong crowd for the rally and reach New Delhi. Congress media cell chief Manak Agarwal said all elected representatives from the state, including MPs, MLAs, corporators, other local body elected heads, party office-bearers and selected workers would reach the capital on their own to participate in the rally.\"It will be mandatory for office-bearers and elected representatives to be there. Action will be initiated against those who keep away from the rally,\" Manak Agarwal said. Asked if the party was now dictating terms to end factionalism with an iron hand, Agarwal said: \"We are not threatening, but it is necessary for all prominent leaders of the party to reach the venue of the rally to make the programme successful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012590", "title": "HRD choice went down to the wire before going to Pallam Raju", "text": "NEW DELHI: New HRD minister M Pallam Raju received the biggest promotion in Sunday's ministerial reshuffle and the decision may have gone down to the wire before the mantle fell on the Kakinada MP.The choice before the Congress leadership was tough as HRD is a key ministry tasked with delivering big-ticket initiatives like right to education, reform of the school exam system and several scholarship schemes.Given its political profile and an association with students and youth, the HRD ministry was subject to speculation that it could be the right office for Congress leader Rahul Gandhi to cut his teeth in government before the leader indicated he is not keen on joining it.Sources said Rahul's decision was taken after considerable deliberation and the argument that he gain experience in government had its obvious allure. However, the Congress leader is understood to have sealed the debate by taking the view that he would not be able to concentrate on party work if he became a minister.This did not end the dilemma with the portfolio being kept \"open\" just in case of a rethink. But since there was no change in plans, the search for a new minister became earnest as it was felt senior leader Kapil Sibal should shed HRD and concentrate fully on telecom.The need to infuse fresh thinking in the ministry has been agitating the Congress leadership for a while and Karnataka leader Veerappa Moily was seen as a likely choice. Having handled various portfolios and headed the Administrative Reforms Commission, the former Karnataka CM was a possible replacement for Sibal.The scales seem to have tipped in favour of Raju with Rahul's influence putting the focus on younger leaders who would otherwise not have stood much of a chance. At 50, Raju does not qualify as a \"babalog\", but the well-educated and hard- working politician caught the Gandhi scion's attention.Raju also got a good report card from defence minister A K Antony, who was impressed by his understudy's performance as the minister of state. Raju worked diligently on tasks given to him and had won Antony's approval on assignments like examining guidelines and bottlenecks in defence contracts.The promotion to Cabinet rank nonetheless is a leap of faith as Raju will have to do some speed learning. He has the ability to resolve problems and analyze policy, but he will need to hone political skills needed to run a ministry that oversees business interests of politicians of all hues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17013071", "title": "High drama over advocate\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcmurder,\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 photojournalist thrashed", "text": "KANPUR: Advocates infuriated over the alleged murder of their colleague ransacked the flat of a photojournalist of a Hindi daily and began an indefinite strike in Kanpur Nagar and Dehat district court on Monday.Criticising police inaction, the advocates also forced closure of shops in and outside the district court campus. The Bar council of UP has called a state-wide strike on November 2, 2012 to lodge their protest. According to Yogendra Swarup, chairman, Bar council of UP, though the suspects had been detained for interrogation, the strike would still be held in condemnation of the police's lackadaisical approach.According to police sources, advocate Ramendra Narain Mishra was reported missing under highly mysterious circumstances on Saturday night. Following inputs provided by the advocates, the cops detained an advocate named Govind Awasthi and a woman Archana Chauhan residing in Prabhu Asha apartments in Jawahar Nagar locality, and seized a case file of the missing advocate from the latter's flat.The surveillance team of the police tracked down the location of Mishra's mobile phone to the same apartment building where Archana Chauhan and photojournalist Krishna Kumar Tripathi lived. A police team on Monday morning raided the apartment again amid overwhelming presence of advocates and locals and recovered the body of the missing advocate in the duct of the building. His mobile phone was found near Tripathi's flat.Sources further informed that the circle officer heading the investigating team subsequently called the photojournalist and after some enquiry, he dialled the last called number from the mobile of Ramendra Narain Mishra. In response to the call, the mobile phone of photojournalist rang. Without sparing a thought, the advocates barged into the flat of the photojournalist and severely thrashed him and his family, including his son.Initially a mute spectator, the police eventually rescued the father-son duo from the advocates and whisked them away to an undisclosed destination for questioning.Assessing the gravity of the situation, the district administration constituted a panel of three doctors for the post mortem of Mishra's body and asked the panel to execute and prepare its report promptly.The former general secretary of Kanpur Bar association Anoop Kumar Dwivedi said the daughter and brother of the deceased will arrive in the city from Chandigarh and Mumbai on Tuesday afternoon after which the cremation will be held.Meanwhile, DIG Amitabh Yash said, \"Three persons have been detained in this connection and further investigations are underway.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017346", "title": "Ajay, Sonakshi overwhelmed by mesmerising F1 opening ceremony", "text": "The Indian Grand Prix which is in its 2nd year was filled with B-town glamour this time!! Well, we say this because this time Bollywood Superstar Ajay Devgn &amp; the beautiful Sonakshi Sinha graced the event at the Buddh International Circuit on 28th October for the finals.The duo opened the race by singing the National Anthem and were accompanied by talented singer Shaan .\"This was the 1st time that Ajay and Sonakshi have witnessed the F1 in Delhi and it was absolutely a thrilling and an unforgettable experience for both of them. And singing the National Anthem and opening the race was a complete different feeling which brought in a lot of pride,\" said a source close to the team.Well, we also hear that the crowd present there at the Grand Prix were in all cheers for this amazing duo. And the superstars were overwhelmed with the huge response they got and were seen waving out to the huge crowd present there!Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha were present there to promote their upcoming movie Son Of Sardaar which is all slated to release on 13th November!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17013169", "title": "Now, protest over Chalai plant", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After Vilappilsala it's Chalai. Hardly two weeks after the state government managed to appease the protesters at Vilappilsala by assuring them that it would not go ahead with the garbage treatment plant project in their village, the residents of Chalai have formed a samara samithi (protest forum) against the setting up of the proposed waste treatment plant there.The formation of the samithi at Chalai is a deviation from the earlier stance of the Chalai residents. They had not objected to the proposal initially on condition that only the waste generated at Chalai should be processed at the new plant.However, two clauses given in the government order that transfers 2 acres at Chalai for the waste plant have brought the residents to the protest path. According to the government order (a copy of which is in the possession of TOI), the company entrusted with the setting up of waste treatment plant will be permitted to stack the waste accumulated in the land transferred to them for a year in the balance land available.\"This means that the government has accorded sanction to the company to use land for accumulating excess waste. In a way, Chalai will slowly be turned into another Vilappilsala. That is why we have formed a samara samithi and we would not allow the government to proceed with this plan,\" said president of Chalai samara samithi Ajith Kumar.Another clause directs the officials to acquire the 1.98-acre private land adjacent to the existing land owned by TRIDA, which is proposed for acquisition. \"The officials are already issuing eviction notices to the merchants and residents as part of this acquisition. The government is planning to expand the acreage for the sake of garbage treatment plant. This can't be allowed,\" Kumar pointed out.The samithi members have also come up with an order issued by the high court in 1997. As per the order, issued after a petition filed by the residents, the corporation and the state government were asked to refrain from dumping garbage at Chalai. Proceeding with the plan of waste treatment plant would amount to contempt of court for both corporation and the state government, the samithi members pointed out.As the first sign of protest the samithi will stage a mass dharna on the Attakulangara-Killippalam road from 10am on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur/bharatpur", "code": "17013210", "title": "Two men attacked in different incidents", "text": "JAIPUR/BHARATPUR: In two separate cases of robbery, a truck driver was killed while a property dealer was shot by armed robbers at Kotputli (Jaipur) and Bharatpur, respectively on Monday.At least four armed robbers opened fire on a property dealer and decamped with Rs 4.71 lakh from his possession at Ajan village of Bharatpur district of the state. The victim was identified as Babulal Jat (40) who works in Mathura (Uttar Pradesh) and was returning to his native village in Bharatpur district.Four people stopped him while he was returning to Mathura and shot him on Monday evening. Later they fled after robbing nearly Rs 4.71 lakh from the property dealer.\"Primary investigations suggest that the main accused is Kamal Gujjar who has had a dispute with the victim for a long time. He came along with three of his accomplices and opened fire on the property dealer,\" said Lakhan Khatan, station house officer, MIA police station in Bharatpur district.He sustained bullet injuries on his left thigh and is undergoing treatment at the government hospital, Bharatpur. Patrolling as well as searching of vehicles was initiated by the police to nab the assailants.Meanwhile, in Kotputli on Jaipur-Delhi highway a blood stained body was found during the wee hours on Monday. According to the police the deceased was identified as Ramlal alias Lala who left Jaipur with a truck on Sunday night.\"His body was found almost 100 metres away from the truck. It appears that the murder was the outcome of a loot as the goods in the truck were scattered,\" said a senior police officer.A case of murder was lodged against unidentified persons in Kotputli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013775", "title": "Poor finances may force firm to quit Haldia ops", "text": "KOLKATA: The ongoing crisis at Haldia is being equated to the trouble at Singur over the small car factory, but Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd or its parent consortium ABG-LDA is no Tata Motors. A check of the company's financial status reveals that it may not be in any position to operate the two berths at Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), even if the agitating workers were to back off.There are efforts by a section to equate the ongoing trouble at Haldia with the one that occurred at Singur over the small car factory but Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd or its parent consortium ABG-LDA is no Tata Motors. A check of the company's financial status reveals that it may not be in any position to operate the two berths at Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), even if the agitating workers were to back-off.During an interview with TOI in September, HBT chief executive officer Gurpreet Malhi had indicated that his company is incurring heavy losses at HDC every month.\"This loss may not be compensated solely by reducing the workforce by 275. HBT has been demanding that Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) assures nine million tonnes of dry bulk cargo (out of the 15 million tonnes handled by HDC) at berths 2 and 8. This is not feasible as it would lead to a greater crisis. The share of other cargo handlers would fall significantly.Moreover, HBT hasn't been able to handle more than 5.5 million tonnes at its two berths in 2011-12. From the start, when ABG-LDA quoted a rate of Rs 70 per tonne against Rs 90 per tonne quoted by the Tatas, we wondered how HBT would manage to survive in the long run,\" a port official said.In February this year, ABG-LDA ended its contract with the Paradip Port Trust. In September, ABG got involved in another controversy at the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) in Mumbai. JNPT had awarded a contract to a consortium of the Port of Singapore (PSA) and ABG Ports for constructing a new container terminal worth Rs 8,500 crore. With the project not taking off even after a year, After waiting for a year for the project to start,JNPT decided to invite fresh bids. Not only did the port encash the bid security amount provided but the port also indicated that it would urge the ministry of shipping to blacklist PSA and ABG from participating in any port project in the country.Recently, the Credit Analysis and Research Limited (CARE) downgraded ABG-LDA's rating. CARE indicated that it took into cognizance the deteriorated operating profitability of the company, stressed liquidity conditions and debt coverage indicators.The company ventured into two Greenfield projects - West Quay Multiport Pvt Ltd (WQML) at the Vishakapatnam Port and Tuticorin Coal Terminal Pvt Ltd (TCTL) at Tuticorin Port - but both projects are running behind schedule.\"HBT continues to incur cash losses and hence its net worth has been eroded. ABG-LDA would have to fund the losses as well as debt servicing of HBT.The total exposure of ABG-LDA (including corporate guarantees to its group companies and associate concerns) increased to Rs 687.7 crore on March 31, 2012 from Rs 606.5 crore in September, 2011,\" the CARE report states. The report further states that HBT continued to register cash losses in the 2011-12 fiscal for which additional funds needed to be infused. This required the promoters to infuse additional funds to the extent of Rs 12.58 crore.According to CARE, the company also broke its fixed deposits to meet debt repayment obligations of HBT and equity commitments of WQML and TCTL. The fixed deposits, which stood at Rs 63.35 crore on March 31, 2011, were reduced to Rs 5.18 crore in July, 2012.\"It is evident from these figures that HBT is in no position to continue at HDC under the present circumstances. Its fortunes at Haldia can only change if it gets to handle about nine million tonnes of cargo every year. This doesn't seem to be a possibility at the moment with all ports bearing the brunt of the global recessionary trend. ABG-LDA's contract doesn't have any exit clause and the company would have to pay penalty if it moves out by itself. The only option is to get a legal verdict that the situation at Haldia has forced it to leave,\" the port official added.Malhi, in a mailed statement to the media, said: \"We had wished to resume our operations in Haldia at the earliest, especially after we made the requisite advance payment for police protection. However, yesterday's event has shocked all at HBT. We are deeply concerned for the safety and well being of all our employees and hence are evaluating and deliberating on the available options.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013296", "title": "Cong, CPM attack Mamata on Haldia port impasse", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government came under joint attack from the Congress and the CPM on Monday, with both accused it of letting the Haldia port imbroglio slip out of hand by its refusal to intervene even as the Trinamool Congress workers were accused of abducting three officials of a private firm along with the wife and child of one.Former state minister and Congress leader Manas Bhunia asked whether the \"mysterious silence\" of the government was at anyone's behest, adding that he had already spoken to Union shipping minister G K Vasan and intended to brief PM Manmohan Singh on it.\"Doesn't the state government realise the implications if the problem is allowed to persist for long? If they choose to be silent, I'll have to seek the urgent intervention of the Prime Minister and the shipping minister. I have already spoken to the latter at length over this,\" said Bhunia, who will leave for New Delhi on November 2.Opposition leader in the assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra dubbed it \"hooliganism\". \"People with faces covered by monkey caps are abducting people. Are criminals having a free run? This is worrisome,\" said the CPM politburo member.On Sunday, Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd lodged a police complaint alleging that the three company officials were abducted in Haldia earlier in the day, though East Midnapore police chief Sukesh Jain said preliminary probe didn't corroborate the claim. Trade union leaders, who have been preventing HBT from resuming operations at berths 2 and 8 without reinstating the 275 workers sacked in September, also denied any role.Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikari reacted sharply to the joint attack. \"It's good that Manas Bhunia will speak to the Prime Minister. If he is so concerned about the Haldia port, please ask him to talk to Manmohan Singh about the non-release of subsidy for dredging. If he wants, he can also speak about the Odisha government's recent step to stop transloading at Kanika Sands,\" he said.\"If they want to, they can raise genuine issues instead of giving undue importance to a private company that is keener on fomenting trouble and hogging media headlines than doing business,\" said Adhikari.Bhunia wondered why the government was yet to hold a meeting with all the stakeholders to resolve the issue. \"Over the past few days, I have been meeting all the stakeholders. I also spoke to KoPT chairman Manish Jain, who told me that they have sought the help of the state government as it concerns law and order. Yet, the government is silent. Why isn't it even holding a tripartite meeting with the stakeholders,\" he asked.\"Is it good for Bengal that the Haldia port is handling less cargo,\" Bhunia said. \"Forget its 50 MT capacity, it handled 43.5 MT of cargo in 2007-08; now it has dropped to 31 MT. Whose interest is it serving? On Sunday, company officials were abducted along with a woman and child. Why are no arrests being made?\"Adhikari retorted: \"People know whose interest Manas Bhunia serves and his proximity to CPM's Haldia strongman Laxman Seth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17013298", "title": "Easy Pak visas for Punjab, Haryana HC lawyers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court lawyers wishing to visit Pakistan can now get one-year multiple visas without facing any hassles. In a friendly gesture to revive the old association with the court, Pakistan government has for the first time allowed to multiple visas to HC lawyers on the recommendation of the Bar association president.Areas under present Punjab and Haryana high court jurisdiction were under Lahore high court's jurisdiction before Partition. The privilege, which was conveyed to a visiting delegation of lawyers from the HC by Pakistan's interior minister A Rehman Malik, would be extended only for members of Chandigarh-based Punjab and Haryana high court Bar. The visas can be used by the lawyers to visit any part of Pakistan.President of Punjab and Haryana high court Bar Association K S Dhaliwal said he would also be writing to the Centre to take such steps at least for the lawyers of Lahore high court. The HC lawyers' delegation had visited Pakistan from October 19 to October 25 to attend international law conferenceat Lahore organized by Supreme Court Bar Association of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013601", "title": "30 minutes to cover 1 km in peak hour", "text": "MANGALORE: It may sound a straight lift from Ripley's Believe it or Not. A kilometer's drive from Navabharath Circle to Bunts Hostel Circle during evening rush hour takes a good 20-30 minutes. Reason: The stretch bears the maximum load of the city traffic entering the central business area and the narrow road gets further congested with vehicles parked on the roadside.According to Harish R, a sales executive in a finance company, wading through the heavy traffic on the stretch in the evenings is a difficult and frustrating task.\"Using a four-wheeler on the stretch during the rush hour is a nightmare. I think jams can be avoided if traffic lights are installed on the stretch, especially at Bunts Hostel Junction, instead of policemen manually controlling the movement of vehicles,\" he said.Shreyas MB, a hardware engineer, said even pedestrians find it difficult to cross the Bunts Hostel Circle - Navabharath Circle Road during rush hours. \"The situation is made worse by private buses plying on the road. A few metres away from PVS Circle, there are several private bus offices and many inter-state and long-distance buses depart from there in the peak hours. As their offices are on the roadside these buses will be parked on the road worsening the situation,\" she added.ExpertspeaksAccording to Praveen Chandra Shetty, former chairman, road safety sub-committee of Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry, for the smooth vehicular movements on stretch, the Mangalore City Corporation has to acquire the footpath encroached by a private hotel near PVS Circle. On the same stretch two bus stops are built diagonally opposite to each other. If one among these bus stops is shifted a few meters away from the existing place traffic jams can be reduced.When TOI contacted city police commissioner Manish Kharbikar , he said, \"Praveen Chandra Shetty, former chairman, road safety sub-committee of Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry, who has studied about traffic problems in the city, has submitted his recommendations to the police department. The department is planning to come out with solutions to facilitate smooth traffic on the stretch of road.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17012935", "title": "Cops confirm calls were made to college founder", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The police appear to have expedited investigation into the extortion bid accusation levelled by a private engineering college founder Sant Lal Yadav against former MLA Munna Shukla and confirmed that the calls to Yadav were made from two mobile numbers through mobile towers near Mithanpura and central jail where Shukla is serving life term as a convict in the case of murder of former minister Brij Bihari Prasad. Shukla is the husband of JD-U MLA Annu Shukla.The calls were made on October 26 and 27, Yadav said in his FIR and alleged that the caller identified himself as Shukla and demanded Rs two crore for the JD-U's 'Adhikar Rally' on November 4. Yadav was also allegedly threatened with dire consequences if he did not pay the amount.Muzaffarpur ADGP Gupteshwar Pandey said it was, however, yet to be verified whether both the numbers from which the calls were made to Yadav were in the possession of Shukla at the time the calls were made.The police were collecting details of the talks over cellphone between Shukla and Yadav, who has his college at Bhagwanpur in Vaishali district.Mithanpura SHO Satyadev Singh said he had sought a report from a cellphone company about the SIM cards used by the cellphone that was recovered from Shukla's ward on Saturday. The seized mobile phone did not have any SIM card in it. However, the cellphone firm can extract the details of all the SIM cards used by a cellphone on the basis of its INEI number. The seized cellphone's INEI number has been provided to the cellphone firm, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012588", "title": "No property tax, no water, warns Corporation", "text": "CHENNAI: Pay up or shift out. The Corporation of Chennai has asked the government for permission to cut water and power supply to property tax defaulters.The cash-strapped civic body has had enough with delinquent taxpayers and has decided to make it close to impossible for a defaulter to occupy a property, a senior official said on Monday. Only 40% of property owners in the city pay tax for the premises they own.Residents are expected to pay property tax once every six months, but the corporation allows defaulters to pay once a year with a fine. The corporation now proposes to prepare a list of defaulters every six months.\"People can pay the tax within 15 days of the March 31 and September 30 deadlines,\" said a resolution passed by the council on Monday. \"If they fail to comply, their addresses will be sent to Metrowater and the electricity board.\"The power and water connections will be cut in 24 hours, the official said.Govt depts among biggest defaultersCorporation's revenue officers said many people do not pay their taxes because no punitive action is taken against them. \"If people fail to pay water or electricity bills within 15 days of the billing date, their connections are cut,\" a corporation revenue official said. \"Soon, if they do not pay property tax on time, they will face the same action.\"The corporation has consistently fallen short of its tax collection target by more than 100 crore every year. \"We collected 162.57 crore from the seven old zones and 48.16 crore from the extended area for the April-to-September period this year. It is 18% higher than the previous year but is still short of the target,\" the official said.Around 6.6 lakh people were earlier liable to pay the corporation property tax and now, after expansion of the civic body, this has increased to 10.7 lakh taxpayers.However, some corporation officials are sceptical that the civic body will be able to implement the proposal because some of the biggest defaulters are government departments with outstanding taxes of hundreds of crores of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012763", "title": "ATS to take Pune blast accused in custody on Nov 1", "text": "MUMBAI: State anti-terrorism squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria said that they will be taking into custody four suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) members on November 1. Three accused are currently in judicial custody while the fourth is in police custody. The accused are suspected to have engineered and executed the August 1 Pune bomb blasts.Last week, the ATS submitted a transfer warrant to a Delhi court to take custody of the four suspects-Asad Khan, Imran Khan , Feroz and Irfan Landge. The four were recently arrested by Delhi police's special cell for allegedly carrying out the August 1 Pune serial blasts and planning major strikes in Delhi .\"The Delhi court gave the date of October 30 for three of the accused while the fourth accused is still in police custody. Hence, we will be taking combined custody of all four accused on November 1. To facilitate escorting and transport, it will be better if all are brought together,\" said Maria.Asad, Imran and Feroz are members of a module of LeT commander Fayyaz Kagzi. Landge was picked up and detained on October 5 by the special cell. Police said he was arrested from Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17015319", "title": "This Diwali Patna museum to get a new look", "text": "PATNA: The Patna museum is all set for a new look this Diwali as the 84 years old house of thousands of rare artefacts is undergoing major makeover. The new galleries and lighting system are designed to match the international standards for museums.\"The renovation work is underway for over a year and, by Diwali, people would notice some major changes at the museum,\" Jai Prakash Narayan Singh, additional director, Patna museum, told TOI.After its establishment in 1928, its interiors are being redesigned for the first time. First floor of the museum has been relaid to give it a new look. The lighting system and the showcases in the three galleries exhibiting metal art, Tibetan scrolls, paintings, artworks and weapons are being replaced at the cost of Rs 8 lakh.\"We are replacing the wooden panels of old showcases with glass frames and old lights with eco-friendly LED bulbs throwing light on the artefacts which would be placed high on the podium to the average eye-level of the visitors,\" Singh said. Also, write-ups giving details of the gallery and each artefact would be placed to guide the visitors.The vacant gallery on the south-western side of the first floor has already been converted into an exhibition gallery which is given to local artists on minimal rent for displaying their works.A modern cafeteria, lavatories, museum shop and terrace benches have already been constructed. \"We have already signed an MoU for the museum shop with Handicraft and Handloom Export Corporation of India. We are planning to outsource the cafeteria to Coffee Board of India,\" he said.The Patna Municipal Corporation has been given the contract to construct an approach road with palm trees on either side connecting the cafeteria with rest of the museum. The eco-park, which has some rare plants, would also have a pathway laid with stones.The storeroom buildings on the right side of the cafeteria will be demolished. \"We are thinking of constructing a guesthouse but we need the government's consent for this,\" said Singh.The entrance to the museum building would have a sensor door soon. The lobby would be developed as an interpretation centre. A screen would be installed to display the intangible heritage of the state through an audio-video programme. The 28 wooden panels on the lobby walls would display the state's famous heritage sites and their routes from Patna.The defunct cosmetic light that used to light the museum with different colours at night would again light the building by Diwali. \"We are also planning to use all the closed galleries to display the stored artefacts,\" said Singh. While for the conservation of manuscripts, a fumigation chamber has already been purchased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jammu/chandigarh", "code": "17013144", "title": "Man posing as Army officer held in Jammu", "text": "JAMMU/CHANDIGARH: A 26-year-old-man, who had been posing as an army officer and availed facilities at a Chandigarh army hospital, has been arrested from Jammu.Umesh Kumar was arrested during a routing security check at Hotel Rajdhani at Jewel Chowk on October 26, the police said, adding that a large number of fake army identity cards and other documents were recovered from him. Umesh, an M.Tech degree holder from Rajasthan's Bikaner district, had introduced himself to the hotel authorities as a Captain of army's Signal Regiment during his stay, the police said.Jammu's Nowabad police station SHO Jai Pal Sharma told TOI on Monday that during interrogation, Umesh revealed that prior to his visit to Jammu, he had stayed at an army hospital at the Western Command headquarters in Chandimandir near Chandigarh. \"During his two days stay in the military hospital, he remained in Captain's uniform, underwent ultra sound and various dentistry tests,\" said Sharma. The SHO said they have briefed the army authorities about his disclosures.The cops have also summoned a Panchkula-based executive of a private cellular company who had allegedly provided mobile numbers to the accused on the basis of fake identity cards.Sharma said Umesh was using fake Army identity cards and documents to meet his lover, a lieutenant in the Military Nursing Service (MNS) of Army and presently posted as a Nurse in the Military Hospital, Satwari in Jammu. He said Umesh had also stayed at various guesthouses in Rajasthan posing as an army officer.According to cops, Umesh has also admitted to visiting 16-Corps Headquarters at Nagrota near Jammu, Military Hospital Satwari near Jammu and Yol Cantonment in Himachal Pradesh. He was also present at Dehradun during passing out parade of the Army Nurse, who is from Ajmer.Police and other investigative agencies are probing if the accused was using the nurse as a tool to intrude Army's vital installations or it was just an attempt to impress her.Sources in the army's western command said it is impossible to get treatment at the military hospital with forged documents without some insider help. The cops have also recovered a large number of phone numbers of army officials from his cell phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012850", "title": "Many old schools fail to follow fire safety norms", "text": "MUMBAI: Alarmed by the fire at the Mantralaya in June, the school education department has made it mandatory for schools to conduct regular fire drills. But there remains a huge divide, between schools following the norms and those not. Though the better-known institutes comply with the rules, but many, especially the older ones, complain of lack of space for not following all the norms.\"We conduct fire drills at least once a year when we invite the local fire station staff. Our staff and students gets trained by professionals and we have also adopted some of their tips to make our school safer in an emergency,\" said Fr Kenneth Misquitta, principal of St Mary's High School (ICSE), Mazgaon. He added that the annual fire drill at the institute was started as a parents' initiative.Some of the new schools installed the latest fire-safety technology when the institute was founded. \"We ensured that our schools are equipped with fire hydrants, smoke detectors and all the latest gadgets to help us in case of an emergency,\" said Prajodh Rajan, vice-president of Eurokids International group of schools. He added a fire drill was conducted at the beginning of every academic year by the School Safety Team; students and teachers also attended regular training sessions.But a host of old schools feel there is little they can do to accommodate the fire-safety rules. \"We try to accommodate the rules but we can't make changes to the infrastructure. Making way for fire exits and broader stairways is difficult but our students attend fire drills and are aware of the protocols,\" said the principal of a Mahim school. Others also blamed the difficulty of conducting drills on the lack of space.In a recent survey undertaken by a local PTA forum, 300 schools (100 BMC, 100 aided and 100 unaided) were surveyed and many of them were found violating the fire safety norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012573", "title": "Scindia to focus on powering rural India, fuel generation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jyotiraditya Scindia on Monday described as \"daunting\" his new job as the minister of state (independent charge) for power but expressed confidence of overcoming the challenges facing the sector.He said he would work at ensuring connectivity and bandwidth for electricity right down to the grassroots level. \"We would do that through our multifarious economic means,\" Scindia said, adding that he would like to work in coordination with his peers in other ministries.\"(I will) ensure that there is greater coordination with my colleagues in both the ministries in coal and environment, to ensure that generation and execution on generation projects happens at a fast pace,\" he said.Scindia comes in at a time when the sector is grappling with fuel shortage and roadblocks in financing of projects. The sector has also been bogged down by lack of green clearances for many captive mines allotted to power projects.Scindia said he would set his the priorities after having a clear understanding of the sector and the subject. \"First, I will understand and absorb as much information as I can and then move forward, the way I did in the ministry of telecom and post and ministry of commerce and industry,\" the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17014039", "title": "Buddhists release sky lamps in the air on Laxmi Puja", "text": "SHILLONG: Paper-made sky lamps soared up from the Buddha Mandir in Shillong on Laxmi Poornima. This tradition is being practiced for years now to observe 'Probarona Poornima'.\"We observe laxmi poornima as 'probarona poornima'. It is the day when Buddha began to spread the message of peace to the people,\" said Jyotipal Bhikkhu, one of the high priests of the Buddhist temple, which is one of the oldest in the northeast.\"On this day, prince Siddhartha, who later came to be known as Buddha after attaining nirvana , cut off his hair and threw it towards the sky and when the locks soared high, he was convinced that he would attain boddhitwa or enlightenment,\" the monk said.\"To mark this momentous event, we release paper-made sky lamps on laxmi poornima every year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17014082", "title": "Indigenous body petitions PM against investment board", "text": "SHILLONG: While supporting the stand taken by Union minister for environment and forest, Jayanthi Natarajan , the Indigenous Biodiversity and Social Welfare Organization ( IBSWO) of Meghalaya opined that there is no need for setting up a National Investment Board \"just for the sake of speeding up clearance of projects without a third party assessment of its impact, negative or otherwise, on the environment, biodiversity, pollution of land, water and air, livelihoods, human displacement, land holding, social disquiet and social order\".In a petition to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the organization said, \"The finance ministry and its related departments, the ministry of company affairs and other vested interest groups may feel that the various steps put in place for safeguards and compliance conditionality are impediments to take forward reforms. But we do not want reforms to become chloroforms and set in deformities in other ways as each action has an equal and opposite reaction unless strong measures are adopted for checks and balances, not only in terms of tax payment, but conforming to laws, both written and customary, for sustainable development and sustainable livelihood.\"\"Existing norms framed and made mandatory by both the Planning Commission and the ministry of environment and forest are necessary in addition to the state land laws, the Fifth Schedule, the Sixth Schedule and the Forest Rights' Act,\" the letter read.The organization said any kind of economic reforms proposed and decided upon must take all these into consideration if the government is \"really sincere\" to take forward the agenda of inclusive growth, which would not be at the expense of natural resources, climate, resource management and resource ownership.\"Even Single Window Agency Clearance (SWAC), recommended by the Administrative Reforms Commission earlier and adopted both by the Centre and a few states like Meghalaya, are impediments and seek to bypass relevant and existing check and balance measures and as such, needs to be done away with,\" the organization wrote to the PM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012248", "title": "Man killed over liquor", "text": "HYDERABAD: A daily-wage worker was murdered by his roommate who attacked him on his head with a granite slab after an argument over liquor at Nampally on Sunday. The victim was identified as Venkat Reddy, 45. He came to Hyderabad 20 years ago to eke out living by doing petty jobs near the Nampally railway station.Since past few months, Venkat was staying at a rented accommodation near Azizia mosque in Nampally.On Sunday night, Venkat along with three others, consumed liquor at his room. An argument ensued between Venkat and his new friend from Nagpur, about buying more liquor. After the argument, Venkat went into another room and slept. Meanwhile, Khalid and Lalu left the room to buy liquor. In the meantime, the person from Nagpur attacked Venkat on the head with a granite slab and fled.A little later, Khalid and Lalu arrived at the spot and found Venkat lying unconscious in a pool of blood. With the assistance of police he was rushed to a hospital where he succumbed to injuries on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013189", "title": "Rape of woman: Cops suspect more victims", "text": "JAIPUR: Two priests, who were arrested on Sunday for raping a woman and keeping her in confinement for three days at Shahpura's Shivsinghpura in Jaipur district, are being quizzed by the police to ascertain whether they had sexually exploited other women in the village. The villagers alleged that the conduct of the two priests was suspicious. They demanded that the police conduct a thorough inquiry into the incident.According to the police, two priests of two different temples in Shivsinghpura - Asharam and Shravan Kumar - were arrested on Sunday on complaints of a woman.\"The woman said that she was working in an agriculture field when he was kidnapped by both the priests on October 14. They took her into a temple and kept her in confinement for three days. They repeatedly raped her,\" said a police officer.The woman was allegedly released on October 17. \"She says that she was threatened with dire consequences if she reported the matter to anyone,\" said the officer.However, the woman somehow mustered courage and lodged an FIR with the police on Sunday following which both were arrested.Villagers said that there could be more victims. They have told the police that activities of both the priests were suspicious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17011169", "title": "ACB sleuths bust extortion racket run by Aheri police", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Sleuths of Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) Gadchiroli busted an extortion racket run by Aheri police and arrested a head constable and a woman constable in Aheri police station while taking bribe of Rs15,000 on Monday evening.Accused head constable Hiraman Maratkar and woman constable Shivlata Kumre had sought bribe allegedly on behalf of PSO Aheri Anil Badgujar from a group of boatmen who ferry passengers in Pranhita river, that serves as border between Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.Deputy SP, ACB, Shabbir Sheikh informed that Maratkar and his colleague Vitthal Ramteke sought Rs3,000 each from 13 boatmen from Macchigatta village. Head constable duo charged the boatmen of smuggling liquor from Andhra Pradesh to Gadchiroli and put pressure on them to pay the money to escape action and continue the practice.\"Complainant boatmen Suresh Gayle even paid bribe money of Rs10,000 in Aheri police station to Maratkar and Ramteke, who allegedly took the bribe in the name of PSO Badgujar,\" said Sheikh. ACB is also investigating the role of PSO Badgujar in the extortion racket.Accused constables had asked to pay next instalment of Rs15,000 on Monday. Unwilling to pay the money, all 13 boatmen lodged collective complaint with ACB Gadchiroli. Based on the complaint a trap was laid in the evening and Gayle was sent with bribe amount to Aheri police station.Head constable Maratkar took Rs15,000 from Gayle. While Maratkar and fellow constable Shivlata Kumre were counting the money, lurking team nabbed them red-handed and seized the money. PSO Badgujar and head constable Ramteke were out of station for some investigation when the raid was carried out.Sheikh claimed that Ramteke will be booked in the same offence for his direct involvement in taking bribe on October 23, while Badgujar's role will be investigated. ACB team from Chandrapur actively participated in the raid with their Gadchiroli counterparts.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012242", "title": "'Sulking' Jaipal assumes new charge", "text": "HYDERABAD: Upset at being shifted to the non-descript science and technology ministry, Jaipal Reddy made his annoyance clear by refusing to move in early to take charge and keep to himself. Finally, the Congress high command - rattled by the negative publicity that his transfer was generating - had to dispatch Union minister Vayalar Ravi to Jaipal's residence to persuade the sulking mandarin assume his new charge. Jaipal, shocked at his new portfolio, had gone incommunicado since Sunday evening and was not even available to his closest friendsSources close to Jaipal told TOI that the Congress veteran was not unhappy about being shifted out of petroleum but he was not reconciled to his transfer to an unimportant position. This was especially so because 'juniors' (read Pallam Raju) had managed high profile ministries like the HRD.Sources also said that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had informed Jaipal in advance that he would have to exit the petroleum ministry. \"Jaipal was not unhappy at being moved because he has been getting a bad name in Andhra Pradesh for not been able to swing gas supplies for power plants in the state despite acute power shortage in the state,\" said these sources. \"CM Kiran Kumar was cleverly targeting him and portrayed him as the villain for the power crisis in the state. This was making Jaipal unpopular. Since he has been shifted from the petroleum ministry now, at least this charge cannot be leveled against him,\" these sources added.Sources close to Jaipal say that he is miffed with Kiran Kumar for hammering with the party high command that his residence had become the focal point for dissident Telangana Congress leaders. This resulted in his image being tarnished with powerful trio of Manmohan Singh, Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi and contributed to his fall.Talking to media, Jaipal refused to be dragged into controversy of his shifting. \"When I was shifted from I&B; to urban development I did not comment. When I was asked to go to petroleum, I did not talk of my previous ministry. I do not want to talk anything on my previous assignment,\" he said after taking charge. \"This ministry has four secretaries and 8,000 scientists,\" he remarked in what seemed a valiant effort to convince himself about the new assignment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17011678", "title": "Prosecution seeks death sentence in siblings murder case", "text": "COIMBATORE: The quantum of sentence in the sibling murder case will be delivered on November 1, said Mahila Court judge MP Subramaniam on Monday. The judge pronounced the lone survivor R Manoharan guilty of five charges made against him, including rape and murder (two counts). The special public prosecutor U Shankara Narayanan quoted seven judgments of the apex court in connection with child abduction and murder cases where the death sentence for the convicted was sought. The defence counsel A Sharmila sought time to counter the argument. The court has asked her to present her argument on Tuesday.The judge asked the accused if he had anything to say before the pronouncement of the verdict. But Manoharan remained silent. Then the judge announced that the quantum of sentence will be delivered on November 1. The defence counsel Sharmila demanded that her plea on the sentence be heard. The prosecution counsel Shankara Narayanan submitted seven judgments, six related to child abuse heard by the apex court and demanded that the prosecution also should be heard. The court had accepted the demands.The prosecution counsel argued that the children were brutally murdered by Mohanakrishnan and Manoharan. The children were helpless and defenceless. The offence was brutal, barbaric and a inhumane act. He demanded the court award the death sentence to the convicted Manoharan.Defence counsel Sharmila sought time to counter the argument. The court asked her to present her argument on Tuesday or Wednesday. The defence counsel told the media that Manoharan was not with the prime accused during the time of rape and murder. He had been falsely implicated in the case by the police. She said that she would appeal before the Madras high court.Shankara Narayanan told the media that he had asked for the death sentence as Manoharan was convicted under section of 364 (A) and 302 (two counts) IPC and life term for rape charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013719", "title": "Rs 4,439cr spent on Yamuna in 18 yrs", "text": "New Delhi: Rs 4,439 crore has literally gone down the drain called the Yamuna. Delhi and Uttar Pradesh have told the Supreme Court that they have spent Rs 4,124 crore on making the river's water potable, but the Central Pollution Control Board's latest report shows that Yamuna's water still resembles that of a drain.The New Delhi Municipal Committee and the Municipal Corporation of Delhi have spent an additional Rs 315 crore on cleaning the Yamuna. Anguished by the unfruitful attempts by the governments of Delhi, UP and Haryana in reducing pollution in Yamuna, the Supreme Court, which has been monitoring the 'cleaning up' of the river for the past 18 years, had on October 11 directed the three governments to specify the exact amount spent on the river.The UP government said, \"So far, the state has implemented 28 projects costing about Rs 2052.40 crore since year 1994 in various cities and localities along the river Yamuna (between Hathnikund in Haryana and Agra), so that the pollution caused by release of various kinds of effluents in river Yamuna may be prevented.\"In another affidavit, Delhi Jal Board said, \"The total expenditure incurred by DJB towards controlling and preventing the pollution of river Yamuna is approximately Rs 2,072 crore so far.\" NDMC said it had spent Rs 140 crore while MCD pegged its expenses at Rs 175 crore towards cleaning the Yamuna.Together, the two states and the two civic bodies spent Rs 4,439 crore in the last 18 years to implement the apex court's directions to make the river water potable. Amicus curiae and senior advocate Ranjit Kumar had told the court that the three states had done little to implement the court orders and the river continued to be as dirty as it was. On October 11, the court tried to sensitize top bureaucrats in the three states about the urgency of a joint effort to save the Yamuna and said test results of river water conducted by CPCB showed that the water hardly had any dissolved oxygen which was vital for survival of marine life.CPCB counsel Vijay Panjwani had said, \"Cumulative assessment of all parameters of water quality indicates that river Yamuna is not conforming to the desired levels from Hathnikund to Agra downstream due to higher concentration of one or the other pollutants despite excessive monsoon flow in the river.\"The bench had asked the Union urban development secretary and chief secretaries of the three states to file personal affidavits detailing the amounts spent so far under Phase I &amp; II of Yamuna Action Plan (YAP) and explain why the river water was dirtier than before.It had also asked the counsel for the states to suggest names of eminent persons and experts for constitution of a high level committee to formulate a comprehensive plan to control pollution and improve the water quality of the river. Though CPCB gave an adverse report, the UP government said, \"There are numerous drains falling into river Yamuna between Hathnikund to the monitoring station at Taj Mahal (Agra) in Uttar Pradesh. Most of the drains carrying domestic, industrial or any other waste into the river Yamuna have been trapped and the said effluent and sewage is being treated/proposed to be treated at the 33 sewage treatment plants (STPs) and one common effluent treatment plant.\" But only 20 STPs were functional as of now, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011672", "title": "No flood management plan for Assam despite PM representing it: PIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notices to the Union government on a PIL alleging that Assam continued to be ravaged by floods every year for decades as no flood management plan had been drawn up despite Prime Minister Manmohan Singh representing the state in Parliament.A bench, comprising Chief Justice Altamas Kabir, S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar, also sought responses of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh governments on the PIL and requested Attorney General G E Vahanvati to assist the court in the matter. It gave two weeks for filing the responses.The PIL \u00e2\u20ac\u201d filed by Prodyut Kumar Bora, state BJP general secretary and a management consultant \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said though drafting a flood management mechanism had been on the agenda of the Centre and north-eastern state governments, \"precious little has been done to combat floods effectively by building reservoirs in the upper riparian state of Arunachal Pradesh.\"\"Instead, crores of rupees have been spent on building embankments, which get washed away by the gushing waters,\" it said. \"It is an irony that the state represented by the PM himself, in the Rajya Sabha, failed to cope with the large-scale devastation caused by the recent floods, by which nearly 22 lakh people were displaced in 22 districts of Assam essentially due to failure of institutional response,\" Bora said.\"In 2004, the PM announced establishment of North-Eastern Water Resources Authority or Brahmaputra Valley Authority to provide effective flood control, generate electricity, irrigation facilities and develop infrastructure, give managerial and financial autonomy, equipped with top class manpower backed by parliamentary sanction. Unfortunately, this too did not take off due to lack of consensus among riparian states,\" the petitioner's counsel P Niroop said.Till date, 2,358 sq km of landmass in the state \u00e2\u20ac\u201d equivalent to the combined area of Delhi and Mumbai \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has eroded due to floods, and every year Assam alone suffers a loss of Rs 600 crore, the petitioner claimed. He said the Majuli delta has shrunk by 370 sq km due to floods since 1950.The petitioner demanded a permanent mechanism to manage floods by bringing on board the Union water resources ministry and the upper riparian state of Arunachal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013772", "title": "Where does the pirated DVD chain lead to?", "text": "KOLKATA: Under the harsh glare of halogen bulbs, cheaply packaged DVDs sell briskly. You ask for it, it's there - blockbusters released a day ago, a classic from the '50s, a Ray or Ghatak masterpiece, Hollywood best-sellers and even movies that have only been released at film festivals.TOI found that the piracy chain that ends up with a street-smart peddler in a dingy lane begins with the highest echelons of the film industry, with links to Mumbai, Singapore and Dubai. We even found pirated DVDs with censor board watermarks.So how do these DVDs come to the market? A source involved in the trade said that there may be insiders in the censor board and distribution houses who sell these copies for up to Rs 5 lakh to a few shady dealers. The copies are then uploaded on certain private portals that have dedicated passkeys that have to be bought. Once you buy the passkey - for a few lakhs - you can download the film and make copies on DVD.\"Linkmen from Dubai are actively involved in the business,\" says a DVD dealer. Once downloaded, a few copies are made, which are sold to distributors and more copies are made in dingy, but well-equipped warehouses. Finally, cheap DVDs worth 40 bucks hit the street-side stalls.Anjan Dutt was shocked when TOI showed him a pirated copy of 'Abar Byomkesh' with censor board watermarks. \"Copies shouldn't come out of the censor board. I will definitely look into it,\" he said.The board, however, denies any leak. \"We have got complaints from production houses that our copies are being leaked out. But we are sure these are not leaked from the board. The watermark is there probably because these copies were made when they produced DVDs for the censor board,\" said Sreelekha Mukherjee, who was with the censor board.\"We are not aware if copies are being leaked from the censor board. We will look into it if they complain. The companies come to us and we conduct raids almost every month to stop piracy,\" said DC, Enforcement Branch, Debabrata Das.Vijay Market in Kidderpore is one of the hubs of pirated DVDs and Yusuf is the uncrowned king. \"The Enforcement Branch (EB) can't touch him because of his links. They conduct some raids on small street-side shops, but the big fish roam free,\" said a DVD shopowner. Chandni Chowk market, another hub of pirated DVDs is, apparently looked after by Sajjad and Lali. These are the people who get the passkeys to the portals. There are proper offices in city where hi-tech set-ups exist for making multiple copies of a single DVD.\"We will have to look into it if miscreants like Yusuf and Lali have been arrested before. Our teams will go looking for them,\" Das said.\"It is evident that the copies are leaked. We have to have a serious talk with the censor board on this,\" said producer Srikant Mohta.There are other channels, too. \"Some times, the same censor board copy is sent to Nandan for screening. It could leak out there,\" said a producer. Nandan CEO Jadav Mandan could not be contacted.This has gone too far now, says Tiku Manek, city-based industry veteran. \"Earlier, festival copies were leaked and now it's the censor copies. The home video movie market was worth Rs 1400-1500 crore nationally, it has now shrunk to Rs 250 crore,\" he says.Even those who buy pirated DVDs can be prosecuted. \"A buyer knows well that he is buying a pirated DVD. But it's a bailable offence and the fine can be Rs 2,000 at the most,\" said Barun Das, a criminal lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17013278", "title": "Oz MP to table \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGenocide plea\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 in parliament", "text": "AMRITSAR: An Australian federal member of parliament has decided to make the Australian government acknowledge the violence in Punjab in 1984 as genocide against the Sikh community. According to the general secretary of the Supreme Sikh Council of Australia, Harkirat Singh, MP Warren Entsch will table the \"Genocide Petition\" before the House of Representatives in the Australian parliament on November 1.The petition with 4,453 signatures seeks to depict the events in Punjab in November 1984 as an \"organized campaign of horrific violence\" against the Sikh community, which could be classified as genocide as per the UN convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide. This would pave the way for Australia to urge India to act against those who instigated the violence.Warren Enstch, an MP from Leichhardt and chief opponent whip for the Liberal Party of Australia, said he decided to support the petition because he was horrified at the way Sikhs had been treated.Harkirat Singh, general secretary, Supreme Sikh Council of Australia, said the genocide petition had been signed by thousands of Sikhs across Australia. Underlining Australia's role as a signatory of the UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, he said around 300 Sikhs would travel to Canberra to watch the genocide petition being tabled in the House of Representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17013966", "title": "5.4L liquor pouches found in cinema hall", "text": "BOKARO: Recovery of 5.4 lakh pouches of country-made liquor stocked in a closed cinema hall in Chandankyari here has put district police and the excise department at loggerheads with the latter expressing its unhappiness about the raid conducted by the men in khaki without informing them.Assistant commissioner of the district excise department, Kaushal Kumar, claimed that police were not the scompetent authority to raid Dev Talkies, a licensed premises, and seized the liquor pouches. Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi, however, said his officers had conducted the exercise following information of overstock of liquor and later handed the matter to the district administration to inquire into it.A police team led by DSP, Chas, B Kullu on Sunday conducted the raid in the cinema hall. Sources said police had got the information that liquor was being supplied to Purulia district of West Bengal as the place is situated near the border. However, after conducting the raid, the police team informed the matter to the district excise department and Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar asking them to check whether the liquor was legal or illegal.On Monday, Chas SDO Sanjay Singh visited the cinema hall and conducted inquiry. Although he has not submitted the inquiry report, he said during investigation he had come to know that the proprietor had got the licence to sell 50,000 pouches.Kumar, however, said the premises where the liquors were stored was a licensed one. The recovered liquor was of the 10 licensed shop-owners of that area who used to stock their quotas jointly in the cinema hall. \"It is a genuine stock,\" he said.SP Dwivedi said police had neither arrested anybody nor had they lodged any FIR. \"Based on a tip-off, we have only conducted a raid and informed about the recovery of liquor stock to the excise department and the DC. Whether those liquor stocks are legal or not, it is for the administration to inquire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014291", "title": "Exam fraud: 2 more students arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than one policeman may be involved in the exam cheating racket about which TOI reported on Monday. One policeman has already been arrested. Without naming another suspect, a source said he remains absent from duty most of the time, especially on Sundays when exams are conducted.Two more students were arrested on Sunday in the SSC examination being held at various centres across Delhi. One of them allegedly devised his modus operandi after reading media reports and watching Munnabhai MBBS and Robot.Yogesh, police said, is a resident of Jind and was appearing in place of his roommate, Pradeep , after charging Rs 70,000. He had fixed a Bluetooth earpiece and mic in his vest and was hearing the answers dictated by his roommate and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012983", "title": "Enrich your life through art and travel", "text": "BANGALORE: Even if you can't master music, literature, sports, art, architecture and travel, do cultivate interest in some of them as they'll enrich your life more than what you can achieve by professional success alone, said historian Ramachandra Guha .He was speaking to students, faculty and alumni of the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore on 'Life Outside and Beyond Work' at the 39th Foundation Day lecture.Citing multi-faceted individuals like Rabindranath Tagore, Leonardo Da Vinci and K Shivaram Karanth, he said: \"Though these times require you to be a specialist, you should learn to appreciate other fields. I research and write for several hours every day. But I make it a point to listen to my favourite classical music - Kumar Gandharva, Bhimsen Joshi and Nikhil Banerjee, among others - every day,\" he said, adding: \"They take me to a different world, after which I'm ready to spend more gruelling hours at the archives or at work.\"He also had a word about backbenchers and those ignored by teachers. \"I was a second-class student, who flirted with the option of becoming a cricketer for 10 years. Then I decided to study economics where too I wasn't at the top of my class. Being a second-class student, you learn to appreciate first-class students. This helped me reach where I am now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17011198", "title": "Winning at Crucible my ultimate dream: Pankaj Advani", "text": "CHENNAI: Winning is a habit for Pankaj Advani. A resounding 1,895-1,216 triumph over defending champion Mike Russell in the World Billiards Championship final (time format) earned him his eighth world crown (seventh in billiards) on Sunday.The 27-year-old made his pro snooker debut this year, defeating the likes of Steve Davis and former World No. 1 John Higgins to make the cut. However, he opted for the World billiards over the pro snooker event due to a clash in dates. Advani spoke to TOI from Leeds on a host of issues - from what keeps him focused to being called a \"ton machine\". Excerpts:At an age when most sportspersons begin to peak, you have already won eight world titles. Doesn't it feel surreal at times? How different is this win from the earlier ones?It does feel surreal. At times I can't believe how amazing the journey has been so far. This one is special for a couple of reasons. It came on my mother's birthday, so this is one of my presents for her. And then, I had to sacrifice the International Championship in China, a major snooker event I qualified for. So the win is super satisfying!Defeating a seasoned pro like Russell comprehensively must have felt great. What changes, if any, did you bring to your game to tackle a player of his stature?I had an extensive chat-cum-coaching session with my brother Shree, who is a noted sport psychologist in India. His magic did the trick. He advised me on psychological approaches, tactical strategies and boosted my morale to take on any challenge that came my way. And a player like Russell can never be taken lightly. All the plans worked and here is world title No. 8!Apart from his triple century break, did it help that Russell seemed off-colour in the final?Russell actually wasn't off-colour. He made a 397 in reply to my 147 and 298 to even the scores. The constant pressure I put by producing century after century made the difference. He even called me a \"ton machine\" in his post-match interview.With this win you justified your decision of skipping the pro snooker event in China. What made you arrive at the choice?It wasn't a black-and-white decision. There was no right answer. I just followed my heart. And it paid off.How are you going to celebrate this win?I'm going to be in Mumbai for a few days. I will combine prior engagements with some celebrations.What remains an unfulfilled dream?Winning at the Crucible (the venue of the World Snooker Championships) would be the ultimate! But I've got to play a lot of snooker to get there.Do you fear that with the success you have achieved so early on in life, you may lose out on the drive to give your best. What do you tell yourself to remain focused?One loses the drive when he focuses on the result more than the process. I love playing and competing and that keeps me going. We win some and we lose some. Winning doesn't last but playing everyday does.In spite of having produced the most number of world champions for the country than in any other sport, do you feel cue sport is yet to get its due?Indeed! It's the most successful sport of India. We have 31 world titles now.How special did it feel to make it an all-Indian - with both you and Rupesh winning (in point format) - affair at Leeds?It is the best feeling when there are so many countries from all over the world competing for the two coveted titles and both come home to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013168", "title": "Few tourists tread Sariska reserve these days", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sariska Tiger Reserve is back in the news, thanks to the recent sighting of two cubs there. However, a myriad of issues haunt the reserve these days. There is no tiger sighting and as a result, there are no tourists in Sariska, even in the peak tourist season.The pioneer project in tiger conservation, Sariska was given the status of a tiger reserve making it a part of India's Project Tiger Scheme in 1978. Spread over 866 km, the park was more popular than the Ranthambore National Park. But today it is just turning into a wildlife graveyard.\"The park management is also not at expected levels. In the recent three-day break, nearly 30 to 40 cars from Delhi, Gurgaon and Noida were seen going back daily. Leave aside foreign tourists, even domestic tourists are few at Sariska. For one, the park gates shut at 8 am and hence a day tourist just can't plan a trip in the forests. And if they have to stay, the RTDC-run 'Tiger Den' is the most inhospitable place to stay,\" said a source.And adding to the tourists' woes, the forest department, like in Ranthambore National Park, allows tourists only on three designated routes. \"Ranthambore model cannot be replicated in Sariska given the number of tigers and the area that the park is spread over. The situation is pathetic. Despite the Dussehra break, there wasn't a single tourist. There is no sighting of tigers and other animals,\" said Dinesh Durrani, who runs a hotel here.The total number of tigers in the reserve is now seven, including five adult tigers, out of which three are females, but there is no sighting for the tourists. However, monitoring teams do report spotting of tigers.Though after relocation of the tigers to Sariska, several hotels opened in the hope for business, all of them are reporting losses as there are no tourists. The RTDC hotel in Sariska that was preferred over Sariska Palace earlier by the tourists is in a sorry state.\"The hotel still has a rural power connection with long and erratic power supply. The generator is very old and is never switched on in case of power failure. For the last two years there has been no qualified cook at the Tiger Den hotel. The demand for both has been sent to the headquarters several times but it has fallen on deaf ears. Why would a tourist buy a situation like that?\" said a source.eomJaipur: The government will have to get its act together if Sariska Tiger Reserve STR is to be revived. Despite rejoice with wild life lovers at the sighting of two cubs in Sariska, the problems in the tiger reserve are far from over. There is no tiger sighting and as a result no tourists in Sariska even in what happens to be the peak tourist season for Rajasthan.The pioneer project in tiger conservation, Sariska was given the status of a tiger reserve making it a part of India's Project Tiger scheme in 1978. Spread over 866 km\u00c2\u00b2 the park was more popular than the Ranthambhore National Park. But today it is just turning into a wildlife graveyard.\"The park management has absolutely gone to the dogs. During the recent three-day break, almost 30 to 40 cars from Delhi, Gurgaon and Noida could be seen going back daily. Leave aside foreign tourists even domestic don't look at Sariska. For one the park gates shut at 8 am so a day tourist just can't plan a trip in the forest. And if they have to stay, the Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation RTDC run 'Tiger Den' is the most inhospitable place to stay,\" said a source on anonymity.And adding to the tourists woes, the forest department aping tourism in Ranthambhore National Park, allows tourists only on three designated routes. \"Ranthambhore model cannot be replicated in Sariska given the number of tigers and the area that the park is spread over. The situation is pathetic. Despite the Dusshera break there wasn't a single tourist. There is no sighting not just of the tiger but other animals too,\" said Dinesh Durrani who runs the hotel Sariska Tiger Heaven.The total number of tigers in the reserve is now seven, including five adult tigers, out of which three are females, but no sighting for the tourists. However monitoring teams do report spotting the tigers.Though after re-location of the tigers to Sariska, several hotels opened shop in the hope for business, all of them are reporting loss in business with no tourists. While the park is no charm for tourists, the hospitality is best avoided in Sariska. The RTDC hotel in Sariska that earlier the tourists used to prefer over Sariska Palace is in a sorry state.\"The hotel still has a rural power connection with long and erratic power supply. The generator is very old and is never switched on in case of power failure. For the last two years there is no qualified cook at the Tiger Den hotel. The demand for both has been sent to the head quarter several times but it has fallen on deaf ears. Corporation's autonomy is being remote controlled and transfers and postings have been stopped. Why would a tourist buy a situation like that?\" said a source. Plus the approach roads are in a bad shape - are they pits in roads or roads in pits? he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17013040", "title": "Pan masala, cigarette shops outside hospital violating rules", "text": "KANPUR: Though the sale of cigarette and other tobacco products is totally prohibited near health and institutions but it seems the city-based shanty shop owners are not bothered about it. The pan masala and cigarettes shops outside the Ursula Horsman Hospital is violating the Tobacco Control Act. There is neither the health nor the district administrative authorities to take action against these shops.UHM has the office of senior health authorities, including office of superintendent-in-chief (SIC) of the district hospital, chief medical officer of the District and Additional Health and Family Welfare. Yet, the hospital lanes are surrounded with several shanty shops selling pan masala and cigarettes.\"It's pathetic that such shops operate just outside the gate of the hospital. These shops should be shifted which will help in keeping the premises clean,\" said Kamlesh, a staff nurse of UHM. Another staff nurse, on condition of anonymity, informed that she has seen these shanty shops selling liquor packets to people during the night.When TOI contacted SIC of UHM, Dr UC Sinha, he said, \"They did remove their shops, however, after sometime they again occupy the space at the main gate claiming they get maximum business. It's difficult to shift them forcefully without any administrative help. I will raise this matter in the meeting with District Magistrate on October 30.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012971", "title": "Unaided schools all set to move court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai International Schools Association (MISA) in a recent meeting decided to postpone admissions to December this year and has blamed it on the lack of clarity on the RTE reservation clause.\"Though the government says the Act has been amended, it can't include minority institutions in the law's ambit as this will go against the constitutional rights given to every minority institution. However, for the time being, we have made an announcement on our school website that we will entertain admission queries only by the end of November,\" said Rohan Bhat, chairperson of Children's Academy group of schools.Some schools will start admission only for siblings of current students and children of ex-students in November. \"The final admission process will begin only in December since we are still not clear about the policy,\" said Kavita Aggarwal, principal of D G Khetan School in Malad.The Private Unaided Schools Forum is seeking legal advice as well as the opinion of member schools. \"The forum is seeking legal intervention on this new amendment. We need to put an end to the confusion that has been looming over minority schools for three years now,\" said the principal of an ICSE school on condition of anonymity.The education department is leaving no stones unturned to ensure that admissions for the next academic year go as per the RTE norms. \"The ruling is very clear and has come from the central government. Schools will receive an official circular within the next couple of weeks,\" said A Kale, director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17013962", "title": "Migratory birds flock to Jamshedpur ahead of time", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: After several years the arrival of migratory birds has brought much cheer to the Steel City. With the onset of winter colourful birds are flocking to Jamshedpur ringing in pleasant times ahead. This year, on the first week of September itself, the city was buzzing with the chirpings of migratory birds. Normally they arrive sometime in the third week of September.Senior functionary of the Jharkhand and Bihar chapter of Ornithology Society of India, K K Sharma, said: \"The presence of the wedge-tailed bird in the foothills of Jubilee Lake and Zoological Park is indication of the arrival of the migratory birds in the city.\"According to Sharma, different species of birds migrating from Baluchistan, Myanmar, Russia , sub-arctic northern Europe and the Himalayan region will be flying to the city and its surroundings in search of relatively warmer places.Wage-tailed bird from Russia, red-headed bunting from Baluchistan, common teal and shoveller from Myanmar and cotton teal and brahminy duch (commonly known as lalsar) from the foothills of Himalaya will make the city look vibrant in their hues as soon as there is a little chill in the air.A K Prasad, a birdwatcher, said: \"Porter bird, common pochard, whistling bird, grey-horned bird, ruddy shelduck and gadwall are also expected to arrive here in the next fortnight.\"Majority of the migratory birds generally come here from Southeast Asia and the Himalayan region. \"It is the scarcity of food in the heavily snowing areas and unbearable cold that force these birds to fly off to faraway places,\" said Prasad.These birds will be staying here for nearly four months before flying to other destinations sometime in the first fortnight of March 2013. Although the migratory birds have come before time this winter, the scene shall not remain the same in the long run, fear birdwatchers.Sharma, who is also head of department, zoology, Jamshedpur Co-operative College, said: \"Gradually, the concrete jungle is spreading across the four boundaries of the city eating into the green environs and this in the long run will affect the arrival of the migratory birds here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013509", "title": "People-oriented polices will guide us in our battle: Kumaraswamy", "text": "MANGALORE: The JD (S) will face coming elections to state assembly more on strength of policies and programmes for the people of the state rather than negativism that principal opposition - the BJP and Congress - are indulging in, said state JD(S) president HD Kumaraswamy. \"Both these national parties are busy finding fault with each other rather than effectively taking up and addressing problems faced by people, especially in drought-hit parts of Karnataka,\" he added.Noting that both the BJP and Congress and busy with their internal bickering, Kumaraswamy said, \"Discussion on issues affecting people on the streets is far removed from their agenda.\"While the BJP government has been embroiled in controversy from the day one in office, the Congress has not been able to set its house in order, he said, adding that the two parties should have paid more attention to problems confronting Karnataka. \"However, the have have failed to do so,\" he said.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar should explain to the people of Karnataka on how funds under plan head have been utilized thus far during the current fiscal year. Noting that there is no effective implementation of government schemes rolled out in this year's budget, the former CM said the prevalent confusions in the ruling BJP and flip flop of its ministers divided in their loyalty for BS Yeddyurappa have effectively crippled functioning of the state.Taking umbrage to AICC president Sonia Gandhi's statement at the party workers' convention on October 18 that UPA government has given Rs 80,000 crore to the state in last five-years, he said, \"This is Karnataka's share of revenues collected from various sources in a federal system.\"The state unit of Congress rather than embark on 'Lekka Kodi' campaign should explain if Karnataka has got any special additional funds apart from its due share.JD(S) which unveiled 35 schemes at a convention of physically challenged in Bangalore on Sunday will release its stand on providing remunerative price to agriculture and horticulture crops within next 30 days. The party in the run up to assembly polls will undertake a scientific study on functioning of each department and come up with policies on revenue generation and how welfare measures can be implemented without raising taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17013482", "title": "Soon, a hygiene lab for labourers", "text": "Gurgaon: The labour department of Haryana will be setting up a first-of-its-kind industrial hygiene lab in Gurgaon, which will monitor health and environmental hazards caused by industrial units. The facility will hold regular medical checks for workers employed in the various industrial units, with the objective of providing a disease-free and healthy working environment.Industrial hygiene labs, present in several other states, provide helpful indicators of the extent to which health and safety norms are being followed at an industrial unit. More specifically, these labs help establish the link between the health of a worker and the work-environment he operates in. \"Apart from medical examinations, this lab would let us detect the presence of noxious substances in the working environment, which could pose hazard to the health of the workers,\" a labour department official said.Another hygiene lab, along the same lines, is being built in Faridabad. \"Both the labs, in Gurgaon and Faridabad, are being built at a cost of Rs 1.27 crore,\" the official said.Other projects announced by the labour department include an accident hazard cell in Gurgaon and Panipat, and several rehabilitation centres for children rescued by the department in its drive against child-labour. , \"The government has sanctioned Rs 1.31 crore during the current financial year to run three such rehabilitation centres set up in Panipat, Faridabad, and Yamunanagar,\" the official said.A separate child-labour and bonded-labour cell has also been set up at the state level, and is being headed by the joint labour commissioner. In Gurgaon and other districts of Haryana, the labour department has formed vigilance committees under the Bonded Labour System Abolition Act. \"Regular monthly meetings of these committees are being conducted in all places. To make these committees more active, we are organizing seminars and other events every year,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013046", "title": "'There was complete chaos at blast site'", "text": "PUNE: Suhas Nadgouda, who was in charge of the Bund Garden police station and one of the first ones to reach German Bakery immediately after a blast rocked the erstwhile popular eatery in Koregaon Park on February 13, 2010, told the court on Monday that there was complete chaos at the blast site with the injured and dead lying on the road.Inspector Nadgouda, witness number 99 in the German Bakery blast case, was examined by the special public prosecutor Raja Thakare.During his examination, Nadgouda told the court that on the day of the blast, he was patrolling the area -- from SSPM ground to Hotel Mobas circle. \"Around 7pm, I received information about the blast and I immediately reached the spot. Other officers and around 60 to 70 policemen, too, had reached spot and cordoned off the area. We sent the injured to various hospitals such as Inlaks and Budhrani, Sassoon General Hospital , Ruby Hall Clinic, Jehangir hospital, Sancheti hospital and Surya hospital,\" Nadgouda said.Nadgouda told the court that while he was sending the injured people to hospitals, the cashier of German Bakery, Pravin Pant, approached him and started narrating the incident. He told Pant to rush to the Bund Garden police station to lodge the complaint. \"I, too, rushed to the police station around 8.15pm,\" Nadgouda said adding, \"After registering the FIR I returned to the blast site.\"Nadgouda had formed three teams -- one for recording the statements of the injured, one to conduct panchama of the deceased and one to start investigations and gather intelligence. \"One more team was deployed to cordon off the blast site,\" Nadgouda said.The case was transferred to the anti-terrorism squad ( ATS) on February 14, 2010. \"On February 18, 2010, a team from Forensic Science Laboratory, Hyderabad, and National Security Guard had visited the bakery and collected various articles such as burnt pieces of mobile SIM card, memory card, parts of the camera, pieces of an aluminium container and other metal pieces for analysis. \"I took these articles in my custody and sent them for chemical analysis,\" Nadgouda told the court.During cross-examination by defence lawyers A Rehman and Kaynat Ali Shaikh, Nadgouda said when he reached the site there was no fire. The fire brigade personnel came some time later but did not spray water in the bakery. \"Articles in the bakery were not completely charred, but were scorched by heat,\" Nadgouda said. The trial will continue on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17017492", "title": "Superstorm Sandy: US gurdwaras to lend a helping hand", "text": "AMRITSAR: As Superstorm Sandy hits the east coast bringing with it fears of devastation, American Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (AGPC) has appealed to all Sikh gurdwaras to lend a hand.AGPC President JS Hothi told TOI on Tuesday that they had appealed that all the gurdwaras in the areas under impact of the storm be converted into 'shelter homes' and make arrangements for providing food and water to those impacted by this devastation.Coordinator , AGPC, Dr Pritpal Singh said that all efforts would be made to reach out to the affected people. \"We appreciate the steps taken by the state and federal government ahead of the imminent danger but we are of view that the society at large must also come forward to help the need in this hour of crisis\" he said.Pritpal said US east coast was bracing with the mega storm and AGPC would be working closely with the official machinery to deal with the emergency situation. He said the flash flooding and winds had sffected the power supply.\"As gurdwaras are often situated in large compounds, and have enough food and water in stores, we would like to help the needy'', he said.AGPC has also urged all the people affected to stay in touch with the state officials and local gurdwaras in their localities and take shelter for safety and free food.Pritpal said that the gurdwara managements had already been asked to store sufficient food as soon as the alarm was sounded for the storm. We Americans are all one at during this crisis and we will come out of it'', said Pritpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013513", "title": "UN report fans city's fire safety worry", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A latest UN report has blamed unplanned growth of residential and commercial areas behind increasing risk of fire mishaps in Odisha.The Asia-Pacific Disaster Report 2012, released at the Asian Ministerial Conference on Disaster Risk Reduction at Yogyakarta in Indonesia by UN office for disaster risk reduction, said the severity of fire mishaps has increased in both urban and rural areas of Odisha though the total number of infernos has declined.The number of such mishaps decreased from 1351 in 1980-1990 to 1208 in 1990-2000 and 980 a decade later in 2000-2010. However, the value of loss of property went up from Rs 828 million in 1990-2000 to Rs 1603 million in 2000-2010. Around 1.38 lakh people were affected in the infernos in the decade preceding 2000, which went up to 5.45 lakh in the decade following it, the report said.A section of the report, 'Unplanned growth increased risk: Settlement fires in Odisha India', said, \"Rapid population and economic growth of cities are pushing communities into unsustainable practices, such as by encroaching on fragile landscapes, living in vulnerable structures and unsafe congested environments.\"Fire prevention authorities said increase in loss would be mainly due to fires in big investment destinations like shopping malls and industrial establishments. \"Though we have more fire stations to stop number of incidents, several buildings remain vulnerable in absence of proper fire safety rules,\" said fire safety director Binay Behera.In another development, revenue and disaster management minister SN Patro said Odisha was far better prepared to tackle any disaster now compared to 1999 when the super-cyclone inflicted large-scale damage in the state. The minister was speaking at a state-level event organized to mark the Odisha Disaster Preparedness Day on Monday,.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012744", "title": "Sudanese held for hawala transaction", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai airport police on Monday arrested a Sudan national on charges of being a courier for Dubai-based hawala operators.The accused, Kalal Ahmed Dawood, 37, had entered the country on a tourist visa, and was about to leave for Dubai on an Emirates flight in the morning. Dawood was about to board a flight when Customs officials decided to check his luggage on suspicion, as they found him to be nervous. They found $45,000 ( 25 lakh) in his suitcase. Officials said Dawood confessed to being involved in a hawala racket and that he was promised $1,000 on handing over the money in Dubai. Customs officials said they were investigating the role of the Chennai based hawala operators in the case. They were also looking into whether Dawood was acting as a courier for these operators for the first time.The city has become a transit point for a number of these operators mainly operating from Keelakarai in Ramanathapuram district, which accounts for the major hawala transactions from the Gulf to India, customs officials said.Chennai has become a transit point for a number of hawala operators mainly operating from Keelakarai, which accounts for the major hawala transactions from the Gulf to India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai/navi mumbai", "code": "17012762", "title": "'He does not know two of his children are gone'", "text": "MUMBAI/NAVI MUMBAI: In the last three years, tragedy has struck the family of diamond trader Sanjeev Shah thrice, but the prominent businessman does not even know that he has now lost two of his children apart from his wife.It all started three years back, when Sanjeev's wife, Rupa, died after fighting lung cancer for close to two years. After the incident, the family has faced a series of trials and tribulations. Last year, the diamond merchant and his younger son Ruansh met with a car accident while travelling from Lonavla to Pune. Though Ruansh survived the accident with no major injuries, Shah himself went into a coma, lost his memory and was rendered paralyzed on the right side of his body.On Saturday, his daughter, Ria (19) and Ruansh (8) died in another car accident on the same road.According to the Raigad police, the Honda car in which Ria and Ruansh were travelling along with Ria's friend, Nurie N Rashid (18), had rammed into a broken down tempo at a high speed, leading to the fatal mishap. All the victims of the mishap, including Nurie and the driver, Shyam Mandal (24), were rushed to MGM hospital in Navi Mumbai on Saturday evening.Ria and the driver were declared dead at the time of admission, while Ruansh succumbed to his injuries later that evening. Nurie was admitted with severe injuries, and was operated upon on Monday.The accident reportedly took place at 5.30pm at the Khalapur stretch of the expressway while Ria and Ruansh were heading to their Lonavla home for the weekend. \"The tyre of the tempo had burst, so the driver had parked the vehicle to change it. The Shahs' white Honda car crashed into the tempo at a high speed,\" said an official from the Khalapur police station.\"After his wife's death, Sanjeev had been taking care of his three children all by himself. But when he too met with an accident and was bed-ridden, we decided to intervene,\" said Paresh, Sanjeev's younger brother. The joint family has been living together since the last year. \"He does not recognize anyone. He remembers only those people who he sees every day. He does not know that he had a wife and he has not realized that two of his children are gone,\" said Paresh.Ria was studying mass media and wanted to be a journalist. Ruansh was very young when his mother died, but was greatly affected when he met with an accident along with his father last year.\"But the members of our extended family, especially my own children, used to keep him busy to take his mind away from the incident,\" said Paresh, adding that Ruansh was an active kid, who liked to play.Meanwhile, Shah's other son, Rujeeb, is still in shock. When TOI visited the family on Monday, a prayer ceremony in the kids' memory was going on. \"Destiny seems to have marked this family. All the family members have been claimed one after the other,\" said a family friend who had come to pay her condolences to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17014604", "title": "Superstorm Sandy makes landfall in New Jersey, at least 10 dead in US", "text": "NEW YORK: Superstorm Sandy made landfall along the coast of southern New Jersey on Monday bringing hurricane-force winds and heavy rains to a wide swath of the US East Coast, officials said.Floods inundated large number of areas, leaving nearly three million people out of electricity. Some parts of Manhattan also experienced power cuts.It also flooded ground-zero. In the New York City, a crane associated with a high rose building under construction collapsed.A 30-year-old man was killed by a falling tree in Queens, a borough of New York City, according to the fire department spokesman Frank Dwyer.There was also report of collapse of facade of a building in Manhattan.One of the largest and fiercest storms to menace the East Coast in years, in the initial hours as the superstorm with a reach that spanned nearly 1000 miles, swamped coastal towns, several areas in New York and New Jersey registering a record level of rainfall and shut down major transportation arteries.The John F Kennedy airport in New York City and other airports in the region have been shut down with more than 13,000 flights being cancelled from the airports in the storm affected areas.Emergency has been declared in more than a dozen States of the United States and is affecting more than 50 million people along the entire East Coast from North Carolina to New Hampshire.The US President, Barack Obama , cancelled his election campaign schedule mid-way and rushed back to the White House to personally monitor the situation.Mitt Romney , his Republican challenger to November 6 presidential elections has also cancelled his campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17011388", "title": "Goa Pradesh Congress party (GPCC) lambasts BJP over corruption", "text": "BICHOLIM: President of Goa Pradesh Congress party (GPCC) Subhash Shirodkar on Monday lambasted the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) over corruption issues and said that the party's tall claims of 'party with a difference' has once again been exposed with their national president Nitin Gadkarni caught in a major scam.Addressing a meeting at Navelim, in Bicholim taluka, on Sunday, Shirodkar said BJP leaders who have always accused the Congress of rampant corruption are now caught in an embarrassing situation as their national president himself is at the centre of controversy.Referring to the mining issue, Shirodkar said the present BJP government in Goa is to be blamed for the crisis in the mining sector. He alleged that chief minister Manohar Parrikar continues to fool the people with his rhetoric but the people in the mining belt have realized that he is to be blamed.Party spokesperson Sudip Tamankar alleged that BJP is following politics of vengeance. Former MLA Pratap Gawas said the government at present has no money to implement the different schemes it has announced and this has led to frustration among ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17013292", "title": "Haryana cops launch helpline for women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the backdrop of increasing crimes against women in the state, the Haryana police have launched a helpline for women in distress. The helpline number, 1091, will be functional around the clock at all district police control rooms in the state.Haryana Director General of Police Ranjiv Singh Dalal formally launched the helpline during a function held at district Police Lines, Moginand. He said this is one of the measures taken to ensure safety of women, especially in the face of threat.The helpline is accessible from anywhere in the country and abroad. Women police officials have been deputed in every police control room around the clock to attend to complaints. On receiving distress calls, the staff at the control room will alert the nearest police station, police post or PCR van.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011315", "title": "Hike in FSI for special townships", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday reiterated plans to increase the FSI for special township projects. The government's special township policy allows a private developer holding over 100 acres of land to develop township along with necessary infrastructure amenities.Sources said that Chavan is toying with the idea to double the FSI allotted for such projects. The maximum FSI of 1 for the entire plot (global) may be raised to 2. The allotment of global FSI would mean higher FSI for the building's built-up area too. Chavan said, \"These townships should have business districts and the developer should provide infrastructure. It should be like BKC that decongested south Mumbai.\" Some within the government and outside have expressed reservations over doubling the FSI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "17014051", "title": "Assam govt to sponsor Sadhani award", "text": "JORHAT: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday said his government will patronize the \"Birangana Sadhani Award\" from next year, which will be conferred to a prominent personality of the state every year.Conferring the award to eminent litterateur and educationist Kusheswar Boruah at a function held at Pitambor Dev Goswami auditorium in Jorhat, Gogoi said, '\"Our government has decided to support this award from 2013. A prominent personality of the state will be selected for the award, which is in the name of a great Assamese actress, under the auspices of the state government.\"The \"Birangana Sadhani Award\" was conferred for the first time this year. Instituted by the Chutia Development Council (CDC) with the help of the All Chutia Jati Sanmilan (ACJS), the award gave a cash amount of Rs 1 lakh, a memorial, a certificate and a shawl to Boruah.\"Sati Sadhani was a great Assamese personality and the new generation should try to learn about this great actress,\" Gogoi said. Addressing the gathering present at the award ceremony, the CM also said the development of the state is interlinked with the progress of people belonging to various communities.The Congress government has always focused on the development of various ethnic tribes and the preservation of culture, tradition and custom. We have taken up various projects for the development of different tribes and communities, he added.CDC chairman Jiten Saikia said the awardee Kusheswar Boruah, a former MLA from Gohpur constituency, is popularly known as \"Dubori Bonor Kobi\" and was the president of ACJS for more than 15 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012544", "title": "UPCC leaders going extra mile to ensurefor Nov 4 FDI rally", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee is gearing up to ensure the success of the mega FDI rally scheduled in Delhi on November 4. Drumming up support ahead of the rally, the state unit has deployed senior state leaders like Rajesh Pati Tripathi and Harish Bajpai to ensure that large number of volunteers turn up for the event. Though UPCC president Nirmal Khatri is expected to remain in home constituency Faizabad owing to the recent communal tensions there, he has deputed other state leaders for the said job.As part of detailed preparations for the rally, Tripathi will camp in New Delhi and garner support from the western districts of UP, including Agra, Aligarh, Meerut and Sahanranpur divisions. The event is also likely to be a rare show of strength for the local city and district Congress leaders in UP, considering that the Congress has been out of power in the state consistently since 1989.To oversee the preparations for the rally, Khatri will also hold a meeting of the leaders in Lucknow on Wednesday. On Thursday, Khatri will meet leaders from west UP in Delhi to give finishing touches to the rally preparations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013162", "title": "PCMC needs 836 part time contract workers for cleaning roads, drains", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) will table a proposal to hire 836 contractual workers for cleaning roads and drainages at an expenditure of Rs 5.51 crore. The proposal will be presented before the standing committee on Tuesday.The health department had invited bids from registered employment societies for hiring part time workers for four civic zones. The proposal said that of the 75 societies that applied for the contract, nine were found ineligible. The municipal commissioner, during a meeting on October 15, had approved allotment of the contracts to 66 organisations.A total of 261 workers are needed for zone A, 58 for zone B, 217 for zone C and 300 for zone D.R B Chavan, health executive officer, said, \"The civic body has allotted the contracts for daily door-to-door garbage collection in four zones. The health department needs around 2,000 workers for sweeping roads and cleaning drainages, but has only 1,000 employees at its disposal\". Chavan said roads and drainages needed to be swept and cleaned manually everyday, hence additional workers were being hired on contract bases for the past two years.Last year, the civic body had hired 700 workers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17017807", "title": "Southwest monsoon weak in 29 districts of Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Sanivarsante in Somwarpet taluk, Kodagu district recorded maximum rainfall of 35.5mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Tuesday. Rainfall over Karnataka in this period is considered as isolated since five per cent of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Rainfall was scattered in two districts, isolated in seven; and negligible in 21 districts, VS Prakash, director, KSNDMC, Bangalore stated.Southwest monsoon was n ormal in one district, and weak in 29 districts. Moderate rain was recorded in 10 districts, light rain in two districts, very light rain in four districts, and no rain in 14 districts. S cattered, moderate rain was received in Mandya and Bangalore urban districts; isolated, light to moderate rain received in Kodagu, Chikballapura, Bangalore Rural, Dakshina Kannada, Ramanagar, Gulbarga, Hassan, Raichur, Kolar and Mysore districts.Karnataka for the period June 1 to October 30 has recorded deficit rainfall of 29%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 970.8mm in south-interior, north-interior, Malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 690.8mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on October 30, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 0.4mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 3.2mm, a deficit of 88%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012515", "title": "India renews request to US for access to Headley\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wife, girlfriends", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has reiterated its request to the US for access to the wife and girlfriends of American Lashkar-e-Taiba operative David Coleman Headley as well as his aide Tahawwur Hussain Rana , to help probe the 26/11 attacks and other terror plots against India.Headley and Rana have been charge-sheeted in a case registered by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in the wake of their arrest by the FBI in 2009.A senior home ministry official said the latest response from the US - conveyed to a team of Indian investigators during their US visit early this month -- seemed positive. \"There is progress in the discussion with the US officials. Hopefully we will get access to them (Rana, Headley's wife Shazia Gilani, girlfriend Portia Peters and another girlfriend) soon,\" the official said.However, sources associated with the investigation were sceptical of getting much information out of Headley's wife or girlfriends as the US law empowers them to claim their \"right of silence\" on the activities of their spouse/partner.There has not been any direct assurance on the Indian request for access to Rana either. The US authorities have been insisting that Rana would have to offer his consent, through his lawyer, to face questions from the Indian investigating agencies.Rana, incidentally, has been acquitted by the US federal court on terror counts relating to India. He was, however, held guilty for providing material support to terror plots in Denmark.A home ministry official on Monday said NIA would prepare a set of questions to be put to Rana and other 26/11 witnesses associated with Headley. The FBI is expected to facilitate the questioning.The request for interrogation of US-based witnesses in the Headley case has been made several times over. Home secretary R K Singh had last conveyed this request to his US counterpart Jane Holl Lute during the third Indo-US strategic dialogue held in Washington in June.India was earlier allowed to quiz Headley, who had surveyed the 26/11 targets ahead of the Mumbai attacks, but is yet to get access to his accomplice Rana and other people close to Headley.NIA hopes to get more information from Rana, Shazia and others on Headley's activities, particularly the planning of the 26/11 attacks and future LeT plots for which he may have surveyed targets in India.Headley had pleaded guilty to 12 terrorism charges, including his involvement in the November 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai that claimed 166 lives. He had, however, entered into plea bargain with US authorities, which virtually shut out the possibility of his extradition to another country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17012320", "title": "Vanzara, other officials denied copy of chargesheet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 15 cops who have been arrested in connection with the Tulsiram Prajapti fake encounter case demanded copies of chargesheets on Monday. However, the special CBI court refused to part with the copy, citing Supreme Court's stay on proceedings.As per the summons issued on October 10, 11 cops were brought to the Mirzapur court campus from Palanpur jail for the first time on Monday. Four other police officers including suspended IPS officer D G Vanzara were also produced before additional chief judicial magistrate A Y Dave.While marking his presence, Vanzara tendered an application seeking a copy of the chargesheet. The suspended cop contended that his case is on different footing than those five persons still not arrested in this case. He argued that even if this is a supplementary chargesheet, he is entitled to its copy because he was arrested in this case in July 2010. He further contended that the court is empowered to take cognizance of an offence, and not an offender. Like Vanzara, Rajasthan's police inspector (PI) Abdul Rehman also demanded chargesheet, claiming that his case is altogether on a different footing than that of former minister Amit Shah .The court, however, dismissed these applications on the ground that the apex court has ordered a stay till November 23. The court has kept next production date of these accused on November 9.Another PI Ashish Pandya requested the court whether he could move his bail plea. The court reminded him about the stay order. \"Neither the Palanpur sessions court is accepting our bail applications, nor is the CBI court ready to entertain it at this juncture. I fail to understand why we are produced before two courts nowadays,\" he said later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17013353", "title": "MCG goes hunting for house tax", "text": "Gurgaon: After the state government made it clear to the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon that it should not expect any financial assistance, the local body is now planning to increase its revenue through property tax by to issuing house tax assessment notice in all the villages that come under its jurisdiction. So far, the MCG had refrained from collecting property tax from villagers, but now, authorities say, they have to do so in order to manage the budget.According to the officials, about 46,000 people live in the 39 villages that come under the MCG's jurisdiction. Half of them have already been served the notice.\"The municipal corporation act permits us to collect property tax from villagers as well and that is what we are trying to do. Last year we could hardly collect property tax amount and we want to improve our performance this financial year,\" said a tax department official.Meanwhile, the MCG officials have sough clarifications from the chief minister's office regarding the same issue. \"There is a case going on in the Supreme Court regarding collecting property tax from residents living in private colonies. However, there are some clarifications we have sought from the director of the urban local bodies on this issue. At the same time we have sent the file to the chief minister's office. We are hoping to hear from them before the next court hearing,\" said the official.The earnings of the municipal corporation are set to reduce further as the Rs 20 crore revenue it expected to earn in the form of advertisement tax seems highly improbable following the recent high court order.The court, while hearing a case related to road accidents, ruled that all the advertisements hoardings in the city should be removed as they distract the motorists and lead to accidents.The MCG, however, is planning to request the high court to repeal its ruling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013720", "title": "Kolkata cool but December-like chill in dists", "text": "KOLKATA: While it has been getting pleasantly cool in Kolkata, some of the districts have been experiencing almost a winter-like chill. On Monday, Panagarh woke up to fog and mist. Panagarh in Burdwan took the cake.The mercury in the town dipped to 14 degrees, leaving locals as well as weathermen surprised.\"It's been quite cold since Sunday. But this morning we were forced to wear sweaters, mufflers and woollens. This is indeed a surprise considering that it's not yet November,\" said Ajitesh Gharami, a businessman from Gopalpur in Burdwan. Paritosh Mondal, a trader from Panagarh Bazaar, also said that he has never witnessed such cold conditions in October-end.The people of Bankura and Sriniketan also donned light winter garments before leaving their homes on Monday. While Sriniketan recorded 16.5 degrees, the temperature at Bankura was around 17.5 degree Celsius. But it isn't the onset of the winter, say weather experts.Weathermen said that a deep depression along the Tamil Nadu coast coupled with snowfall in the Himalayan region has led to the unusual chill in October. Residents of Panagarh said such a sharp chill is usually witnessed in early December.On Monday, Panagarh woke up to fog and mist. There was a sharp chill in the air which is usually witnessed in early December, said locals. \"It has been very cold since Sunday. This morning we were forced to wear sweaters, mufflers and other woollens. This is indeed a surprise considering that it's not yet November,\" said Ajitesh Gharami, a businessman from Gopalpur in Kanksa.Paritosh Mondal, a trader from Panagarh bazar said that he has never witnessed such cold conditions ever in October-end.\"If the mercury continues to slide down at this rate, the temperature will dip below ten degrees by December. We were not prepared for this sudden change in weather. It's getting really cold in the mornings and late eveningsand we have been using blankets, sweaters and shawls since the last few days,\" said Mondal.Apart from the depression, weathermen ascribed the sudden mercury drop in Panagarh to the open fields in the area. \"There are very few constructions in the area. So, it's normal that the temperature would be a couple of degrees lesser than the surrounding areas. Bankura and parts of Birbhum, too, have been quite cold in the last few days,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director of meteorology.He added: explained that a deep depression off the Tamil Nadu coast was responsible for the sudden chill.\"The depression along the Tamil Nadu coast is attracting cold winds from the north. Snowfall in the Himalayan region has turned the winds very chilly. However, the depression will disappear once the cyclone hits the Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh coast on October 31. The mercury will start rising within the next three to four days, soon as the northerly winds stop blowing.\"Pradhan said that It was rare for the temperature to dip so early, admitted Pradhan. had these two factors not combined, this chill wouldn't have happened. This unusual nip in the air is giving us an illusion that winter has arrived. But it's indeed unusual and has been giving an impression that winter has arrived,\" Pradhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011664", "title": "Rs 61k/month to boost organ donation", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to give Rs 61,000 each to the four Zonal Transplant Coordination Centres (ZTCCs) that spread awareness and coordinate sharing of organs between hospitals. Beginning November, the government will give Rs 61,000 each to the Mumbai and Pune ZTCCs. As soon as Nagpur and Aurangabad ZTCCs start functioning, they too will get the monthly pay.\"At present, Mumbai ZTCC manages its expenses through donations. Now, the government has decided to help the process,'' said directorate of health services' assistant director Dr B C Kempipatil. Whenever a brain dead patient is identified, the hospital concerned calls up ZTCC, which decides who gets the organs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17014121", "title": "Spot cancer, HIV with naked eye", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a new ten times cheaper ultra-sensitive sensor test to detect the early stages of several cancers and viruses, including HIV, with the naked eye.Researchers from the Imperial College London claim that their visual sensor technology is ten times more sensitive than the current gold standard methods for measuring biomarkers.These indicate the onset of diseases such as prostate cancer and infection by viruses including HIV. The colour of a liquid changes to give either a positive or negative result. Researchers say their sensor would benefit countries where sophisticated detection equipment is scarce, enabling cheaper and simpler detection and treatments for patients.The team tested the effectiveness of the sensor by detecting a biomarker called p24 in blood samples, which indicates HIV infection. \"Unfortunately, the existing gold standard detection methods can be too expensive to be implemented in parts of the world where resources are scarce,\" Professor Molly Stevens, from the Departments of Materials and Bioengineering, said.\"Our approach affords for improved sensitivity, does not require sophisticated instrumentation and it is ten times cheaper, which could allow more tests to be performed for better screening of many diseases,\" said Stevens.Researchers also tested samples for the biomarker called Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA), which is an early indicator for Prostate Cancer.The team say the sensor can also be reconfigured for other viruses and diseases where the specific biomarker is known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012933", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi assassination video suppressed, claims book", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chief investigating officer of the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, K Ragothaman, has alleged that the then IB chief, M K Narayanan, had \"suppressed a vital piece of evidence\": a video tape showing \"human bomb\" Dhanu at the Sriperumbudur venue prior to the former prime minister's arrival.In a book authored by him, Ragothaman said that although a \"preliminary enquiry\" had been conducted in connection with the missing video, Narayanan, who is now West Bengal governor, had been \"allowed to go scot-free\" by the chief of the special investigation team (SIT), D R Karthikeyan.The just-published book, \"Conspiracy to kill Rajiv Gandhi - From CBI files\", claims that the tape, which had been taken from the videographer by IB the day after Rajiv Gandhi had been blown by Dhanu on May 21, 1991, was never shared with SIT in the investigation of the assassination.Ragothaman wrote, \"The assassin gang as per our investigation was very much in the sterile zone for more than two and half hours waiting for its target.\" The suppression of the video evidence helped the Tamil Nadu police get away with the claim that Dhanu had sneaked into the sterile zone after Rajiv Gandhi's arrival at the venue around 10 pm.The tape recovered by the Tamil Nadu police was found to have interpolations in the form of Doordarshan's news bulletins about the assassination. Ragothaman therefore asserted that the tape taken by the IB officials was \"the original one and that the video given to the local police was a substituted one\".The alleged manipulation, according to Ragothaman, was meant to erase video evidence of the kind of people Dhanu had interacted with at the venue, thereby sparing embarrassment to the Congress party in the middle of the 1991 Lok Sabha election. He asked: would Narayanan have dared \"to damage the goal of the Congress party, irrespective of his personal affiliation to Rajiv Gandhi's family?\"Though he was formally in charge of the investigation and was therefore in the witness box for 67 days, Ragothaman wrote that he had not been taken into confidence by his superior Karthikeyan about the recovery of the tape by IB. He came to know about it later through the report of the Justice J S Verma Commission which had probed the security lapses leading to the assassination.Besides recording \"this unusual feature\" of the SIT-produced tape containing news bulletins along with visuals of the venue, the commission's report reproduced a letter written by Narayanan on May 22, 1991 to the then Prime Minister, Chandrashekhar, stating that the video of the meeting was being \"scanned to try and IDENTIFY THE LADY\". The lady referred to in capital letters by Narayanan was of course the assassin.In a sequel to the commission's report, the Narasimha Rao government directed SIT to hold the preliminary enquiry, case no. 1 of 1995, against Narayanan along with the then cabinet secretary and home secretary, according to the book. The case was later \"buried at the behest of the chief of SIT\" despite the admission made by Narayanan in his May 22 letter.While the public got to see only the two still pictures of Dhanu taken by an LTTE-hired photographer who had died in the blast, Ragothaman's book raises questions about the whereabouts of the video in which Narayanan admitted to have seen the assassin. Why did the SIT chief not collect the video seen by the IB chief? Or, why did the IB chief not share the tape in which Dhanu was visible with him? Had there been such questions about anybody else, the book says \"he would have been booked under Section 201 IPC for concealing the evidence and screening the offender\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016494", "title": "Sculptures back to life after 45 years", "text": "Games, audio-visuals, and stone sculptures that have been locked in storage for 45 years are all part of the sculpture gallery at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya, which reopens todayThe sculpture gallery at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (formerly known as Prince of Wales Museum) finally opens to the public with a series of upgrades that authorities hope will attract younger visitors.The gallery has been closed for renovation since March, and people involved in the project are optimistic that the facelift will make things worth the wait.The new gallery includes eight sculptures that had been kept in storage for the last 45 years. Historian Devangana Desai and curators Sabyasachi Mukherjee, Dilip Ranade and Mrinalini Jamkhedkar dug deep in the basement, where over 2,000 sculptures had been stored, to add to the collection of existing sculptures on display.The gallery itself is now divided into two broad sections: one for Hindu mythology and the other for Buddhist and Jain mythology.\"The museum is a place that is associated with research and scholarly activity, but not enjoyment. We hope to change that with new interactive elements,\" says Mukherjee, director general of the museum.The sculpture gallery is the seventh section of the museum to be reorganised and renovated over the last two years.45 years laterSome sculptures that have been in storage for 45 years have been put on displayTalking sculptures: What's new at the museum audio visual presentationsA film created by education officers at the museum will put the sculptures into context. \"It takes the visitor to the place where the sculpture comes from and fills you in on the story behind the creation,\" says Mukherjee.GamesYou can spot the difference between two similar images of a Brahma sculpture, help Ganesha find his bowl of sweets in a maze puzzle and match the gods with a cartoon representation of their 'vahana' (vehicle)Computer kioskA touch screen computer kiosk will take you through a description of the sculptures, the dynasty they belonged to, and the unique features. Younger visitors can also opt for a caricature storybook narrated by a Dvarapala Yaksha warrior.Clay modelling workshopThose interested in clay modelling can get involved in workshops while seated amongst some of the finest sculptures from Indian history. The workshops will be conducted by art studentsBraille footnotesMukherjee believes the museum is a resource that should be made available to all, and the new gallery includes captions in Braille. \"We will also allow visually impaired citizens to touch the sculptures on occasion,\" he said.Visiting hours: Tuesday to Sunday, 10:15a.m.to 6:00 p.m. Monday closed.Entry: Rs 50College students Rs 25, school students Rs 10yolande.dmello@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016444", "title": "Yashraj camp is not afraid of 'Son of Sardaar'", "text": "Reports that people \"close to the Chopras\" have requested the other Diwali release Son Of Sardaar to move, a very well-informed source says, \"Who at Yashraj or anyone close to Yashraj has asked Son Of Sardaar to move? Contrary to reports, no one has 'requested' the people behind Son Of Sardaar to find themselves another slot. It's not required. It's their own imagination.\"At the Yashraj camp the mood is upbeat. The Doyen is dead. But his dream lives on. Jab Tak Hai Jaan is expected to smash all previous box-office records of Yashraj's films. The real surprise of the film is Katrina Kaif .Says a a source from Yashraj, \"Yashji visualized Katrina as the archetypal Yashraj heroine. And she didn't let him down. She worked on her diction, body language and her comfort level in chiffon sarees to ensure she lives up the standards set by Yashji's dream women Raakhee in Daag and Kabhie Kabhie , and Sridevi in Chandni and Lamhe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014306", "title": "Insurer not liable to pay if victim at fault", "text": "NEW DELHI: An insurance company cannot be held liable to compensate a road mishap victim or if he dies, his family, if the accident takes place because of his negligence and someone else also gets injured, the Delhi high court has said.If the accident takes place because of the \"wrongful act\" , \"neglect\" or \"default\" of the mishap victim himself, even if he dies, he or his family is not entitled to any compensation from the owner or insurer of the vehicle involved in the accident, Justice G P Mittal noted in a recent order . The HC clarified that in case of an accident an insurance firm \"indemnifies the owner on the basis of the contract of insurance where a third party is involved... \"In case the owner himself causes injury to others he cannot claim compensation from his own insurer for a third party policy, HC added, saying \"It is thus obvious that in the absence of any contract for insurance, the appellant insurance company was not liable to pay any compensation.\"The court's observations came while deciding an appeal by New India Insurance Co Ltd against a Motor Accident Claim Tribunal's verdict which had asked the insurance firm to pay Rs 4.20 lakh as compensation to the family members of one Deepak Jain who had received fatal injuries in an accident on February 5, 2002 near Azadpur. The victim was driving his father's two-wheeler.Setting aside the lower court verdict, Justice Mittal said the FIR admits that the victim too was driving rashly and his scooter hit a woman where he received fatal injuries. The woman survived and escaped with minor wounds in the accident. HC said the family members of the victim did not produce any evidence to show that there was failure of brakes due to which the victim rammed the scooter into the woman. It allowed the appeal of the insurance firm saying \"the compensation amount deposited by the appellant insurance company with the tribunal shall be refunded along with interest accrued, if any, during the pendency of the appeal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17014092", "title": "For a third of UK kids, Einstein's a TV star", "text": "LONDON: A third of primary school children in the UK believe Albert Einstein is a reality TV star and one-fourth of them think Stephen Hawking is a hairdresser, a new study has found.However, 68% were correctly able to identify Mark Zuckerberg as the founder of social networking site Facebook. As many as 29% kids think they have recently seen Einstein, who died in 1955, on reality TV shows like The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent.According to 22% of eight year olds, physicist Stephen Hawking is a hairdresser, the 'Daily Mail' reported.More than a third of the school children aged 11 to 14 did not know that Isaac Newton discovered gravity, despite it featuring on their school curriculum.Meanwhile, 6% thought X Factor judge Tulisa Contostavlos created penicillin while a million children believe chart-topping rapper Professor Green is a real academic.Furthermore, a confused 35% of five year olds think London mayor Boris Johnson discovered gravity with one in five primary school children believing that England and Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney is a scientist.Electric lightbulb inventor Thomas Edison was credited with creating Facebook by 22% of seven year olds. And despite spending an average of 17 hours and 34 minutes in front a TV each week, 45% did not know it was invented by John Logie Baird, the poll by a home appliances firm found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17013390", "title": "License renewed, work in Mayfield Gardens yet to start", "text": "Gurgaon: Two months after the department of town and country planning renewed the license of Mayfield Gardens, the builders of the housing project have still not started work on developing internal infrastructure.The DTCP had cancelled the license of the housing project on account of its builders defaulting on payment of the license renewal fee, bringing the upcoming projects of the builders to a grinding halt. The issue of payment default remained unsolved for over 8 months after which the builders finally coughed up the penalty and a substantial part of the external development charges, running into crores of rupees.Speaking to TOI, Mayfield Gardens RWA president Dharamvir Yadav said, \"The DTCP took money from the builders and has forgot to check whether or not the builders have started infrastructure work at the housing project. More than two months have passed and not a single work has started.\"It may be noted that at the time of renewing the project's license, the DTCP had clearly said that the builders would have to finish the pending internal development works including setting up a 66 KVA electric sub-station and construct community buildings in 18 months.The residents said there the DTCP has no mechanism to monitor the progress of the work by the builder. Yadav said: \"There are a number of issues which need to be sorted out such as maintenance of health services, electricity supply, receipt of installments and maintenance of accounts.\" He said the builders were reluctant to start work and authorities don't think it necessary to intervene in the matter. Yadav also claimed that the internal sewer line is completely choked and overflows through the manholes.\"The present state of internal services in the colony, particularly of blocks B,C,J &amp; N is pathetic with broken roads, overflowing sewers, 40% of streetlights not functioning, undeveloped parks and erratic water supply,\" said an another resident. After renewal of the license, the only relief the residents had was that it paved way for registration of their properties. \"Allowing registration of property is fine. Since the infrastructure has not improved, the residents continue to suffer,\" said another resident, Vikas Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011650", "title": "Ashwani Kumar aims to work out harmonious relationship with judiciary, push through pending bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: Soon after assuming charge of the law ministry, Ashwani Kumar on Monday spelt out his priorities that included working out a harmonious and congenial relationship with the higher judiciary to push through the \"national agenda\".Kumar's emphasis on appeasing the judiciary holds significance given the recent high decibel anti-graft campaign against the government and a pro-active judiciary where Supreme Court-monitored probe in some corruption cases has left the UPA embarrassed.He said a view has been expressed that sometimes there is tension on the jurisdiction of other organs of the state. \"I am not saying that that is necessarily the case all the time. But quite clearly, I do believe that constitutional discipline needs to be preserved at every stage by all organs,\" he said.Kumar said the priorities of his ministry would be to pilot through Parliament some pending anti-graft legislations and develop a broad political consensus on the Lokpal Bill.\"An effective legal architecture for facilitating the fight against corruption is a high priority of the UPA government,\" the law minister said. At least four law ministry bills are pending in Parliament.A key legislation, the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill, on which the judiciary has expressed apprehensions, has been passed by Lok Sabha and is pending for consideration in the Rajya Sabha with fresh amendments. After changes are incorporated and the bill is passed in the Upper House, it will again have to be presented in Lok Sabha for passage.The government has introduced a specific provision in the Judicial Accountability Bill prohibiting judges from making unwarranted comments against the conduct of any constitutional or statutory authority at the time of hearing matters.Other bills include one to set up commercial divisions in high courts to tackle high value commercial disputes; a constitutional amendment bill which seeks to increase the retirement age of high court judges from 62 to 65 years to bring it at par with retirement age of Supreme Court judges and the Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill which seeks to make divorce an easier process and provide a better safety net for women.\"If we can harness the requisite support in Parliament, we will press forward with our attempts to get that consensus and support. Where we succeed, we will push forward that legislation, where we do not succeed, we will leave to another day till we have the requisite support,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17013080", "title": "Keep the spark of curiosity alive, students told", "text": "HUBLI: MS Subhas, professor at the Karnatak University Dharwad, called upon management students to go beyond making a lucrative career in management.Speaking on the occasion of the induction programme for the new batch of MBA 2012-14 organized by Chetan Business School on Sunday at Chetan Public School, Subhas emphasized that the role of mangers in contemporary India is to behave as responsible citizens, creating value in society. He said that management education is capable of providing excellent career opportunities. However, students need to strive hard as competition is getting tougher by the day. He asked the new batch students to keep the spark of curiosity alive and make learning more meaningful and long-lasting.NP Javali, president, KCC&I;, said that students of MBA need to adapt principles and values such as discipline, commitment and honesty. He said that students of the new generation are blessed with many comforts. They should utilize these comforts to dream big and make the dreams come true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17013880", "title": "MLA booked for assaulting rape victim", "text": "ROHTAK: Two days after Bhiwani police booked INLD MLA from Loharu constituency Dharampal Obra and his wife Sheela Devi for threatening and beating up a physically-challenged dalit rape victim and her husband, the family of the victim alleged that they were feeling intimidated and insecure in the village and their three minor children had stopped going to school out of fear.The 32-year-old victim has accused Obra and his wife of beating up and threatening her and her husband when they went to complain against the MLA's nephew who had been allegedly sexually-exploiting the woman for months.Bhiwani police has started investigation into the complaint after registering a case on October 27 under sections 323 (causing hurt), 506 (criminal intimidation), 292 (obscenity), and sections of the SC/ST Act against Obra and his wife.The police also registered a rape case against Obra's nephew Rajender the same day on October 27 following directions from the IGP, Hisar range. The victim's family comprising three children and the couple has been provided round the clock police protection at their house in the village following the registration of the case.Talking to TOI over phone, the rape victim's husband said their three children including two girls who were studying in class 8th, 6th and 2nd in the government school in the village had not gone to school after the October 20 when the MLA and his wife threatened them to \"get their children picked\" if they dared to report rape incident to the police. \"We are still in a state of shock and fear.We had approached the MLA in hope of justice but I was beaten up by him while my wife was thrashed by his wife. How can we send our kidsto school now,\" he said.\"The complainant's medical examination has been conducted at the civil hospital. Since the matter is about one year old, the samples have been sent to the forensic lab at Madhuban in Karnal for further analysis to establish the rape charges\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17011529", "title": "Australian ends life in Arambol", "text": "MAPUSA: An Australian tourist allegedly committed suicide by self-immolation in a guesthouse at Arambol on late Saturday evening.The police have recovered his body and have sent it for postmortem analysis.Hanse Strauss, 55, had come to India on October 11 and was staying in a local guesthouse at Khalchawada in Arambol.Strauss's body was found charred on the terrace of the guesthouse. Police said that he used his bedsheet to set himself on fire. Police have so far recorded statements of persons who knew him and the guesthouse owner.Sources said that Strauss was mentally depressed and was under severe psychological pressure.He had also communicated to some of his friends that he wanted to end his life because of some family problems. He used to stay alone in a room for long hours and not talk much.Strauss was a regular visitor to Goa and had been coming to the same guesthouse for last two years and even stayed in the same room.The police recovered his body, conducted the inquest panchanama and sent the body for preservation at the Goa medical college, Bambolim, for the postmortem analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011120", "title": "Former MCOCA accused murdered", "text": "NAGPUR: A former MCOCA accused killed his one-time crime partner for Rs6000 at Bhande Plot square in Sakkaradara police station area on Monday afternoon. The deceased, Anand Mohod alias Bandu, had left crime and had started a property business.Within hours after the murder, Sakkardara police arrested the accused Dilip Gaiki. Police said Gaiki is the brother of Pintu Shirke's murder accused. In 2006, Gaiki and Mohod were booked under MCOCA. Mohod also had murder charges against him.According to the police information, Gaiki had taken Rs6,000 from Mohod to start a pan kiosk at Bhande plot. On Monday afternoon, Mohod had gone to repair his car at Bhande Plot where he met Gaiki. Mohod demanded the money and the duo had an argument. The argument turned violent when Gaiki hit an iron rod on Mohod's head. Mohod died during treatment at Government Medical Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17011911", "title": "Norms on work time limit to be out in a day: CM", "text": "INDORE: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Monday sent out a loud and clear message that the government would do everything possible to create investment-friendly conditions in the state. Addressing captains from industry from across the world, who gathered here for the Global Investors' Summit (GIS), the chief minister without mincing words said officials and departments concerned would have to complete the industry-related work in stipulated time.\"We will fix a time limit for completion of industry-related work. A detailed policy guideline in this context will be out at the concluding ceremony of the ongoing investors' meet on Tuesday,\" said chief minister, adding that his government wants investments as leads to prosperity but , thebenefits which should reach common man. It will be possible only with a transparent system in place.He urged investors to invest in the state as it will not only lead to development of state, it will also help them grow. \"By transparency in governance and providing favourable condition, the state government will ensure that trust of investors remain intact,\" said the CM. He urging everyone to contribute for the development of state.Elaborating about providing favourable condition for investors in state, Hesaid the state government came up with single table concept under which the CM, industry minister and senior officials of departments concerned would meet investors from 11 am to 12 every Monday without any prior appointment and all the issues related to investment and industry would be solved then and there.\"The state government is coming up with industrial corridors like Morena-Gwalior, Indore-Bhopal and Jabalpur-Rewa-Satna-Singroli,\" said Singh, adding that from January there would be separate feeder of electricity for industry to ensure uninterrupted power to the sector.Inviting investors to state, Singh said the state has best of infrastructure, good governance, industry-friendly policies, peaceful environment, no labour issues and skilled manpower. \"The state will be power surplus by next year and has a 20,000 hectares of land bank hence no need for land acquisition as well,\" Singh said, adding that \"Investors just have to show us the project, we have land for it.\"Meanwhile, he also briefed on welfare schemes of state government like Ladli Laxmi, Kanyadan Scheme, pilgrimage for poor, cycle for school going girls and medicare. \"Revenue earned from industry will be used for social welfare schemes,\" Singh said adding that right now 47% of population is below 20 years and so investment is required for creating jobs for them.Along with power, the state is also taking efforts to solve water problems. \"We are coming up with river linking projects such as 'Narmada-Kshipra' worth Rs 18,000 crore and is also taking efforts to provide piped drinking water to villages too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17017999", "title": "CWG purchase: Delhi Police says it did not require equipment", "text": "NEW DELHI: With home ministry blaming Delhi Police for excess procurement of Portable Explosive Detectors (PEDs) for Commonwealth Games , the force has said it is \"unfair\" to hold it responsible for the purchase as it had \"clearly\" stated that it did not require the equipment.The Delhi Police has written to the ministry clarifying that it had informed ECIL, which was procuring items, Steering Committee (CWG) Special Advisor and the home ministry that PEDs should be \"deleted\" from the list of equipment to be procured for the 2010 Games, sources said.The home ministry has told Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC), which is looking into CAG report on irregularities in CWG, that the Delhi Police did not raise issues regarding the purchase of PEDs during the Steering Committee meetings during which decisions were taken.The PAC had asked the ministry \"why were the equipment procured when the Delhi Police had refused to use them?\"In response to the note sent to the PAC, the sources said, the police has also requested the ministry to put the facts before the parliamentary panel.\"The Delhi Police at no stage asked ECIL to procure Portable Explosive detectors, leave alone requisitioning them in excess of our requirement. We managed the CWG arrangements from our existing stock of PEDs and by borrowing them from central para-military corces and states,\" it said.In one of the meetings of Steering Committee, it said, the Delhi Police representative had categorically pointed out that from the Bill of Quantities (BoQ), equipment like Hand Held Metal Detectors (HHMDs), Door Frame Metal Detectors (DFMDs) and X-ray Scanners should be deleted as these equipment were being procured by the police itself depending upon the specific requirements and their legacy value.\"Subsequently, when the issue of procurement of Portable Explosive Detectors (PEDs) came up, the police representative in the Steering Committee wrote a letter clearly stating that this item should be deleted from the BoQ of the ECIL...,\" it said.The police noted that ECIL dropped the procurement of HHMDS, DFMDs and X-ray Scanners after the force wrote a similar letter to the public sector company.\"Therefore, to put the blame on the Delhi Police for the excessive and unnecessary procurement of PEDs, is misplaced and unfair,\" it said.The Home Ministry, in its note, has said that communication was initiated by the police through \"isolated\" letters to ECIL \"outside\" the Steering Committee mechanism.\"In case, if the Delhi Police did not want PEDs to be procured through ECIL, the same could have been excluded from the purview of the joint committee meetings which were in any case being convened by Delhi Police themselves,\" it had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014202", "title": "Students will get one year to decide major subject", "text": "NEW DELHI: From the 2013-14 academic session, the first year undergraduate students in Delhi University will have a common course irrespective of the stream pursued by them in Class XII, if the four-year programme is implemented. Which means a student will get enrolled in DU only as a bachelor student and not of any specific course or stream.A month ago the university set up a 61-member task force - 'task force on enabling the young: redefining education' , with guidelines to prepare the structure of the fouryear undergraduate course. According to a member, the university is planning to have 10 basic papers in the first year which will abreast students with various challenges the nation is facing. \"A fresher will have papers on subjects like rural economy, public transport and poverty, among others. Subjects like economics , zoology, mathematics, political science or geography will be interwoven in these papers ,\" said the member.The present undergraduate structure in honours course will be replaced by a more elaborate baccalaureatetype model where the students will get to choose courses as they progress to second year and thereafter. \"The aim is to make the syllabus trans-disciplinary , where after the successful completion of the first year's common syllabus students can choose courses on the basis of their performance ,\" said the member.The recommendations of the task force, which are likely to be submitted in November, will be placed in the academic and executive councils of DU before being implemented in July next year.The task force is working on the structure of the fouryear degree plan in line with that practiced in countries like the US, Australia, China and Brazil. After the first two years the students will have an option to leave with an associate degree equivalent to a diploma . \"The admission policies are also likely to see major changes as eligibility criteria of the present admission will not hold good for the new system ,\" said another member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17011877", "title": "'Holistic health care education need of the hour'", "text": "INDORE: We are living in the age of science and vibration frequency. The universe is created by vibration frequency of sound and colour. We should invoke the sound within us before starting the work in morning. These were the words of Dr Meher Moor, president of Zoroastrian College and representative at United Nations Economic and Social Council. She was presenting her views on spiritual evolution- light, colours, sound and mantras at Prestige Institute of Management and Research.Narrating the nature and human body beautifully, she said that a tree collects 12 colours of sunlight and converts into elements.\"Red colour taken by tree from sunlight with the help of hydrogen and oxygen make food. Colours like red, blue and yellow makes molecule of sugar and green colour helps in making cereals,\" she said.She further added that there are six tastes in the body including sweet, sour, bitter, salt, estranger and puncheon i.e. chilly taste and excess of any taste or imbalance of ant taste leads to disease.She insisted on the holistic health care education as the need of the hour for everyone. She explained various functioning and cures for human body which were praised by institute director Dr Yogeshwari Pathak, Dr RK Sharma and Dr Manmad Patni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17012854", "title": "Govt to develop astro-tourism circuit", "text": "PATNA: The state government is to develop an astro-tourism circuit connecting Khagaul, Taregna and Taregna Top, the historical locations associated with renowned astronomer and mathematician Aryabhata.The three places, located on the outskirts of Patna in the periphery of 35kms, were the centres for astronomical studies conducted by Aryabhata, who was born in Pataliputra in 476AD and wrote his monumental work 'Aryabhatiyam' at 23. He has the credit to invent 'zero'.The state's science and technology department has decided to develop the three places as centres of tourist attraction and highlight the life, works and contributions of Aryabhata to the fields of mathematics and astronomy. These centres would showcase various concepts and models formed by Aryabhata in the form of interactive demonstration centre (mini museum). One of the locations will be equipped with facilities and latest equipment to facilitate further studies in the field of astronomy, said a senior official of the science and technology department.The department is looking for a competent consultancy firm for preparing the master plan for the project. Firms would be shortlisted as per the selection parameters provided in the expression of interest, said an official.Taregna (meaning calculating stars), according to popular belief among people in the region, is perhaps the oldest observatory and the laboratory of Aryabhata. Hitherto lying in oblivion with only a sleepy railway station by its name, the village had suddenly come alive with lakhs of scientists, students and urban enthusiasts making it an academic tourist site to view the total solar eclipse on July 20, 2009.In 2009, CM Nitish Kumar had announced to develop this region as astro-tourism circuit since it was one of the few ancient places associated with astronomy.Taregna is considered the best sight for viewing an eclipse. According to experts, it was here that Aryabhata had camped to study celestial bodies. The word 'Taregna', perhaps, is derived from the Sanskrit word 'taraka-gnana' (calculating stars) and Khagaul is thought to be a variant of 'Khagol' (astronomy), experts say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013263", "title": "International Atomic Energy Agency team inspects Rawatbhata plant", "text": "JAIPUR: A team from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) on Monday inspected the Rajasthan Atomic Power Station at Rawatbhata near Kota amid reports of several workers being exposed to radiation during the leaks occurred in June and July of 2012.The 12-member team reviewed the standards and safety measures of the nuclear power plant on the request of the Union government. The official statement released by the agency stated that the reason behind the tour was to \"review the programmes and activities essential to plant operation based on the IAEA safety standards and on proven good practices\". The inspection will be carried out till November 15, 2012.On June 23, nearly 38 workers were reportedly exposed to tritium while working on a coolant at Unit 6 of the plant. However, two of affected workers received radiation doses equivalent to the annual permissible limit and all those involved returned to work.After few days of the incident, four workers again came under the exposure of radiation on July 19 while repairing a faulty pipeline in pressurized heavy water reactor.The incidents sparked a furore over the safety of nuclear plants in the country and came under sharp criticism from the environmentalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17011991", "title": "Now, DNA test of infants exploited for alms", "text": "JABALPUR: MP police is all set to order DNA test of infants and little children \"displayed and misused\" for begging. A circular issued last month by the police headquarters, directs all superintendents of police in the state, specially those heading the force in bigger cities like Indore, Bhopal, Gwalior, Jabalpur and Rewa to swoop down on and quiz women seen clutching infants and asking for alms at public places. In case of any suspicion they must line them up for DNA testing and get the correct picture.\"The menace is sullying the image of MP\" and therefore, such cases, the circular lays down, need to be identified and properly investigated, said additional director general, CID, MR Krishna. Talking to TOI on Monday he said that the move is part of the drive to ensure safety and security of abandoned children - a mandate of the juvenile assistance bureau of the CID. This menace, confined to metropolis earlier, has percolated down to smaller places too and there are genuine reasons to suspect their parentage due to the shabby treatment meted out to these infants and toddlers, he said. No biological parent will subject their offspring to such torture like exposing them to extreme weather conditions to invoke sympathy. If tested many of them would surely turn out to be fake claimants, he added.Interestingly, the circular also makes a mention of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and his concern for abandoned, orphaned, handicapped and needy children. Such cases ought to be investigated and child begging dealt with firmly for MPs image makeover it says.Even if the tests results are positive the biological parents found to be exploiting their ward would be held liable under the juvenile justice Act 1986, the ADG said.Meanwhile the exercise to zero in and mark the suspects is already on, said IG Sagar, Pankaj Shrivastava. \"Our men are checking bus stands, stations and markets to scan fake mothers or fathers and forward the list of fishy cases to the headquarters for further action, he said.Jabalpur SP Harinarain Chari Mishra said that the district police have vital information about gangs of child lifters on the prowl, which are pushing girl children into begging and to flesh trade later. \"We have already identified cases and would soon be sending samples to forensic science laboratory,\" he said.Jabalpur being a major railway junction the cases of abandoned children have literally tripled in the last thee days, he said having seen two new born girls left in a toilet and a grave yard, respectively. The test could go a long way to contain the charade on the crossings and protect their future, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17011375", "title": "MEA clueless on Indians in Pakistani jails", "text": "THANE: Our of sight, out of mind, seems to be the ministry of external affairs' (MEA) stance vis-a-vis Indians languishing in Pakistan jails.The ministry's datasheet on Indian convicts locked up in 57 foreign penitentiaries, compiled from its mission offices across the globe, surprisingly does not include Pakistan and has omitted the likes of Bhavesh Parmar or Surjeet Singh who were convicted and imprisoned by courts on the other side of the border.The Union government's statistics on Indians lodged in jails abroad for the last five years was in response to an RTI query filed by Thane resident and BJP functionary Omprakash Sharma.However, the absence of Pakistan has perplexed Sharma who has decided to file an appeal to Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi, joint secretary in the ministry, for providing inadequate and incomplete information to his RTI plea.\"My RTI query to MEA was very specific and I expected them to share details which are not a national secret. However, their response, sent to me in three sheets, has a total of 93 countries including the likes of Guatemala, Sudan, Iceland etc but Pakistan does not figure in this list. So, effectively, we have no information about our brothers who are languishing in Pakistan jail and booked for offences which could be anybody's guess,'' Sharma said.He added that hundreds of Indians, mostly poor fishermen from Gujarat, who accidently crossed international waters, were caught by Pakistan authorities and sentenced to jail on charges of espionage.\"The whole idea of seeking RTI information was to get to know the efforts made by Indian consulates abroad to provide some kind of legal assistance or help to them.\"If foreign consulates can be so protective of their citizens and rush to their aid should we not show the same concern for our brethren abroad,'' he added.Sharma pointed out that some years back two Bitish national's, one Scarlett Keeling was raped and murdered in Goa and another Stephen Bennett was killed in a village in Roha. In both the case, the British foreign office was so active that its officials flew down to the crime spots and met the authorities seeking details about the investigations.;``My submission to the Indian authorities is to have some legal aid cell which would help innocents like Bhavesh Parmar get out of the jails,'' Sharma said, adding that an Indian national Surjeet Singh was released from Lahore jail after 31 years of captivity.The MoEF report revealed that of the total 10,647 Non-Resident Indian (NRI) offenders convicted and serving term in jails in 57 countries, a huge majority or more than 58 per cent are lodged in prisons in West Asian countries closely followed by the prisons in neighbouring Bangladesh and in Europe.The external affairs ministry's data also reveals that 29 of the 10,647 convicts were awarded death penalty and almost in all cases the offence involved murder, while two others were sent to the gallows on charges of narcotics smuggling.Of the 6,236 Indian convicts in 10 countries across West Asia, the desert kingdom of United Arab Emirates (UAE) has the highest count of 4,315 Indian convicts. As many as 21 of them have been sentenced to the gallows all of them on charges of murder.The oil-rich kingdom of Kuwait has the second highest Indian convicts in all of West Asia, with 1,161 languishing in jails of which six have been given death sentence on charges of murders, theft, adultery and abduction. Yeman and Kyrgystan has the lowest number of two and one Indian convict respectively in their jails.The convicts chart has sought to raise eyebrows as the figures reveal that Bangladesh as as many as 2,008 Indians, second highest, who are sentenced to jail for various offences. ``It is a matter of grave concern as our people are being accused and held in their jails while hundreds of Bangladeshi nationals are crossing over and setting up homes not just in north-eastern India but as far as Mumbai, Thane and Kalyan. The Bangladeshi population is mushrooming and they have acquired citizen status here,'' Sharma told TOI.The Chinese authorities, the report shows, have sentenced 673 Indians to jail in the last five years. Though the offence against them are not mentioned, it is feared that most cases may be civil in nature as Indian businessmen have often complained of severe and unwarranted police action in certain Chinese provinces.In the European Union , as many as 907 Indians are languishing in prisons in 16 countries with the highest conviction of 426 Indians recorded in United Kingdom , followed by 243 in Italy and 112 in Serbia. The courts in Switzerland, Romania and Finland have convicted one Indian each in the last five years.The American courts has sentenced 155 Indians to prison in the last five years while the conviction count of Indian's in Canada prisons totals up to 19 for the same period. The south-east Asian nations have sentenced 151 Indians to jail, with Myanmar having the highest number of 49 Indians locked up in their jails, followed by 34 in Thailand , 23 in oil-rich Brunei and 26 others in Indonesia and Timur among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011681", "title": "Noel Mendonca stars for Miracles FC", "text": "MUMBAI: Noel Mendonca's twin strikes were the highlight of Miracles FC's fluent 5-0 win over LIC SC in a Third Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League, 2012-13, played at the St. Xavier's Ground, Parel on Monday. Neil Das, Surya Singh and Sonnu Darshi netted one each to complete the tally.Results: Lokhandwala FC 2 (U Lakhani, P Sahil) beat BPCL Refineries 1 (CK Shetty); Miracles FC 5 (N Mendonca 2, N Das, Surya Singh, S Darshi) beat LIC 0; Millat FC 2 (P Khan, G Mohd) beat Bharat FC 1 (A Chandran).Sajid reigns supreme: Mumbai's top seeded Mohmmad Sajid completed a hat-trick of titles when he defeated unseeded Ashok Gaur also of Mumbai in the final of the Late Mukhtar Ahmed Trophy carrom tournament.Rizvi Springfield clinch DSO title: Rizvi Springfield High School, Bandra clinched the DSO U-16 suburban title played for the Vinoo Mankad Trophy, as they defeated Swami Vivekanand High School by six wickets at Cross Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013596", "title": "Former minister's son held for road rage", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former woman and child development minister Anjali Behera's son and four of his friends were arrested on Monday evening on charges of alleged road rage, involving attack on employees of an automobile showroom and damaging of their demo-vehicle at Acharya Vihar in the city.The accused were identified as Pradyut Behera (ex-minister's son), Laxmidhar Beura, Archit Rout, Dibyajyoti Panda and Rahul Sharma , police said.BJD MLA and former minister Anjali Behera, who was recently sacked from the ministry in wake of the Naveen Patnaik-Pyarimohan Mohapatra rift, said she came to know about the incident from police. She reached the Saheed Nagar police station at 9 pm to take stock of the situation. \"I do not know whether my son was arrested for any fault of his or not,\" Behera told TOI.The accused, all engineering students of a private college here, were descending down the Jayadev Vihar overbridge in an SUV when the demo-car overtook them, much to the chagrin of the former.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011694", "title": "Be transparent in deals, Antony tells service chiefs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence minister A K Antony has cautioned the military top brass to ensure complete transparency in acquisition of military equipment in the wake of the controversy surrounding Italian military giant Finmeccanica and its deals in India.Addressing the Defence Acquisition Council (DAC), comprising military chiefs, the defence secretary and senior officials of the military establishment, Antony said there must be fairness in the selection process in all acquisitions by the military.His caution came even as the DAC decided to wait for further inputs from Italy before taking up the proposal to purchase 197 light utility helicopters for the Indian Army. According to documents filed in an Italian court, an Army brigadier had sought a bribe of $5 million to fix the trial results of the contract.The documents are part of an ongoing investigation in Italy into alleged malpractices by Finmeccanica, which is accused of paying a bribe of 51 million euros for getting the 2010 contract to supply a dozen VVIP helicopters to Indian Air Force.The defence ministry has sought details of the case from the Indian embassy in Rome. Pending a formal report from the embassy, the DAC postponed a discussion on the proposed purchase of 197 LUHs, sources said.The DAC, however, cleared defence deals worth about Rs 6,000 crore, including the one for procurement of 3,000 Light Support Vehicles (LSVs) for the Army at a cost of Rs 1,500 crore. It approved the purchase of Special Operations Vessels (SOVs) for Marine Commandos of the Navy at a cost of Rs 1,700 crore. The SOVs will be built at Hindustan Shipyard, sources said.Monday's meeting also cleared proposals for purchase of Search and Rescue (SAR) equipment for IAF choppers at a cost of Rs 1,000 crore and 3,000 Hand-held Thermal Imagers (HHTIs) for the Army at Rs 800 crore.The DAC also cleared the purchase of a Cadet Training Ship for the Navy at Rs 480 crore. It will be built by private sector ABG Shipyard.An IAF proposal to procure two Dornier surveillance and transport aircraft from the Hindustan Aeronautics Limited was also cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17011792", "title": "Snake Nirmal dies after viper's bite", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a cruel twist of fate, city's highly celebrated snake rescuer B Nirmal breathed his last at a hospital here on Monday, four days after he was bitten by a Russell's viper. One of the most venomous snakes in Asia, the Russell's viper had bitten him when Nirmal attempted to rescue it from a house near Sulur.Known widely as Snake Nirmal, the youth in his early twenties was working as a volunteer with Coimbatore-based Isha Yoga Foundation after completing MCA. Nirmal won attention of the whole city by rescuing snakes from very hostile and difficult situations. Hailing from Sulur and having dedication to social and environmental causes, Nirmal was admitted to KG Hospital in the city soon after he was attacked by the viper.Despite continuous treatment, he breathed his last at around 6.30pm on Monday. Nirmal was always available on call across the city to save snakes and he also worked with major environmental groups like Osai and Siruthuli. He was also closely associated with leading green activists of the city.\"The brave heart has left us. He was a symbol of extreme courage and dedication. Nirmal was in fact a model to emulate,'' said environmental activist C R Jayaprakash. According to him, Nirmal's love and care for snakes began at a younger age. It developed during his computer education days.\"He excelled both as a software designer and snake-catcher. During the day, he created software in his college lab and in the evenings, he trapped cobras and vipers. He often remained very proud of handling cobras in the way one can handle a cute pup,'' remembers Jayaprakash.Cutting across social and economic divides, people loved young Nirmal because he was available round the clock to help them when they encountered snakes. Even the district administration and police have availed his service when snakes sneaked into human settlements.\"I love nature and snakes much more than my computer,\" he said some months ago while becoming a volunteer with Isha to focus more on reptiles and their well-being. His college mates at GRD College remember how he handled Russell's vipers on many a past occasions. His friends and snake rescuers S Ranjith and B Ramachandran are also clueless about what went wrong with Nirmal when he tried to rescue the snake in Sulur.Every month, Nirmal used to rescue at least 20 snakes from the backyards of houses, apartment complexes and farms. From the cobra and common krait to the saw-scaled viper and Russell's viper, they have rescued venomous snakes from several places in Coimbatore and released them in forests. He had also conducted awareness drives on snakes in different colleges and factories.Nirmal, who used to capture even the most venomous serpent in less than two minutes, was also very keen on their rehabilitation. \"Nirmal learnt to handle snakes during a nature awareness programme conducted at Isha Foundation when he was barely 10 years old. Since then, he was passionate about catching snakes,'' said Ramachandran.\"Initially, I used a stick with a steel hook to pick snakes. After a few months of training, I learnt to hold the snake in my hands. Catching venomous snakes is a real challenge. The knack of capturing a snake lies in catching it by the tail. In the case of a venomous snake, the reptile has to be rotated till it sheds its fangs,'' Nirmal told TOI in a previous interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17013013", "title": "FIR against duo for molesting, assaulting Russian in Worli", "text": "MUMBAI: The Worli police on Monday registered an FIR against two unidentified youths who allegedly attacked and molested a 21-year-old Russian woman at Worli Seaface in the wee hours of Sunday.The woman, who was left with a bruised lower lip after one of the accused bit her, left the city on Sunday morning without lodging an official complaint. However, the cops took suo motu cognizance of the matter and filed a case after recording the victim's statement with the help of an interpreter. They are, however, yet to make any arrests.Sources said the woman, a dancer by profession, had come to India on an invitation from the external affairs ministry. She left for Delhi as her troupe was reportedly scheduled to perform there on Monday.Around 3am on Sunday, the woman and two male members of the troupe were walking in the Seaface area when two youths accosted them. \"We were going towards our hotel (in Worli) when two persons appeared at the spot. Suddenly, they charged at me. One of them pushed me while the other held me tightly and kissed me forcibly on my lips. When my colleagues intervened, the youth who kissed me got angry and bit my lip hard. The duo then fled,\" the woman told the police. The attack left her with a deep cut on her lower lip.The trio returned to the hotel and informed the management about the incident. They then went to Breach Candy Hospital to get the victim treated. \"A doctor at the hospital called us up and narrated what had happened. We sent a lady officer to the hospital to speak to the woman,\" said senior inspector Dipak Pawar of the Worli police. As the victim could barely speak in English, the cops had to arrange for an interpreter to record her statement. The woman, however, left the city on Sunday morning without lodging a formal complaint.Confirming that the cops had registered an FIR, deputy commissioner of police (Zone III) Kishore Jadhav told TOI: \"We took the initiative to file a complaint in the matter and are trying to track down the accused. With the help of an interpreter present in the hospital, we managed to get details of the incident from the victim.\"The police are also collecting details from the Russian embassy and the hotel where the woman had put up. \"We have learnt that the woman had come to Mumbai on a single-entry visa,\" said Jadhav.The DCP said they registered the FIR on their own after taking cognizance of the seriousness of the matter. The accused were booked under Sections 34 (common intention), 324 (causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) and 354 (outraging the modesty of a woman) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012979", "title": "Cleaner drowns in abandoned well", "text": "BANGALORE: A 16-year-old lorry cleaner drowned in an abandoned well on Sunday. The deceased, Azgar Mohammed Hussain, earned his livelihood cleaning lorries in Kalasipalya.The incident came to light on Monday when Azgar's worried mother Bibi Jaan went to friend Mubarak's house to enquire about her son.At 11.30am on Sunday, Mubarak and two friends Khaneem and Haqeeb asked Azgar to accompany them, but did not say where to, Bibi Jaan said. \"I was preparing lunch at that time. I was worried when Azgar didn't return. I waited for him till late night hoping he would come back,\" she added.Police said Mubarak told Bibi Jaan that Azgar, who didn't know swimming, waded into the waters of the abandoned well opposite Balaji Nursing Home.Police and local swimmers fished out the body on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17013808", "title": "Clash over construction of ramp turns ugly; youth abducted, thrown into canal", "text": "PATIALA: A fight over the construction of a cement ramp outside the gate of a house took an ugly turn when neighbours allegedly kidnapped a youngster and threw him in Bhakra Main Line (BML) (Narwana branch).Police have registered a case and are trying to locate the body.Police said that for last many months the family of Gurmale Singh had been facing problems while entering and exiting their house and decided to build a ramp in front of their house in Nardu village. But on Sunday, when Gurmale was working on the ramp, some of his neighbours objected to it and even slapped him and his family members after a heated argument.After the clash, Gurmale informed his brother-in-law Shakeel in Sirhind on phone. Within hours, Shakeel and his friends reached Nardu village and sat near the under construction ramp, where were attacked by Gurmale's neighbour Lakhwinder Singh and 10 other persons. In the ensuing scuffle, the assailants allegedly kidnapped one of Shakeel's friends, Jagdish, and took him to BML, which is around 1 km away from the village, and threw him alive into the fast flowing waters.\"They attacked us and threw Jagdish in BML,\" alleged Shakeel in his statement given to police.On the statement of Shakeel, police have registered a case against Lakhwinder, Sahib Singh, Malkiat Singh, Sanjay Singh, Kala and seven other unidentified persons. They have, however, not made any arrests.\"Our diver has been trying to find the body of Jagdish. Basically it was a very minor issue, which could have been resolved within minutes had both the families sat together and discussed it. But the involvement of outsiders made things worse,\" said investigations officer ASI Baldev Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013483", "title": "Boundary of sand institute razed", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Puri administration on Monday demolished the makeshift institute of famous sand sculptor Sudarsan Pattnaik on the beach because it was encroaching upon the beach.Officers dismantled the palm-leaf boundary, erected around the small patch of the beach behind Mayfair Hotel. \"The area was encroached upon by the artist as well as the hotel. We removed the boundary,\" said Puri collector Naba Kumar Nayak. Around 30 budding artists were learning sand art at the institute, established in 1995.The development evoked sharp reaction from artists. They alleged that the district administration is showing leniency to several hoteliers, who have grabbed major portions of the beach for commercial purpose.\"It is unfair on the part of the administration to target a poor artist. The administration has completely looked the other way to the rampant encroachment by powerful hoteliers,\" Sudarsan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17014090", "title": "Bouncy-ball cameras to come handy in rescue ops", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have designed a new ball camera that can produce a 360-degree view of a place and could help fire-fighters or security teams scout out the potentially dangerous environments they are about to enter.Researchers from the Boston-based startup Bounce Imaging, developed a device containing a clump of cameras, electronics and LEDs packed into a rubber shell the size of a tennis ball.The device contains six cameras. When the ball is thrown into an unknown area, the cameras take two photographs per second and send them to a smartphone or laptop of the user, where the software knits the images of the area into a 360-degree view of the room, the 'New Scientist' reported on Monday.The cameras capture light in the near-infrared range, and the device comes equipped with infrared LEDs, allowing it to build a full panorama of a scene even if it is poorly lit.Bounce founder Francisco Aguilar says the idea for the device came to him after the Haiti earthquake in 2010. He saw the need for a reconnaissance device that would be useful in environments like the damaged buildings of Port-au-Prince .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jalandhar/faridkot", "code": "17013274", "title": "Abducted minor girl pregnant, rape charges slapped on Nishan Singh", "text": "JALANDHAR/FARIDKOT: Faridkot police on Monday slapped rape charges on Nishan Singh after medical tests revealed that the minor girl he had kidnapped was four-week pregnant.Tests on the 15-year-old girl, who has been staying at Jalandhar-based Nari Niketan after refusing to accompany her parents home, were run on Sunday night. She was taken to the Faridkot medical college after she complained of illness.The minor girl was rescued from Goa and Nishan Singh was arrested on October 21, almost a month after her abduction from her home in Faridkot on September 24. Meanwhile, the girl's parents met her for over an hour on Monday and later the girl also met Jalandhar commissioner of police Gaurav Yadav.Apart from the girl's parents, her sister and uncle also met her. It is learnt that apart from emotional exchange, the family also tried to counsel the girl. After meeting her, the family along with two members of Gundagardi Virodhi Action Committee Shaminder Singh and Gurdit Singh also met Yadav.The family told Yadav that they wanted their daughter back at their home.Meanwhile, Yadav said the family and action committee haad been told that police were committed to prosecute the accused. He said Jalandhar police would be working with the family to facilitate the girl's reunion with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17013505", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad tar roads to get concrete facelift", "text": "HUBLI: The tarred, potholed and woefully neglected interior roads are the bane of commuters in the twin cities. However, that is all set to change, if the civic body's grand scheme takes concrete shape.The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) plans to construct concrete roads in all bylanes of all 67 wards in the twin cities. The corporation has already laid out such roads in a few areas under a Rs 100-crore project.Increasing complaints of the poor quality of tar roads made HDMC sit up and take notice. Many interior roads have not been upgraded for years. If tar roads are laid out using quality materials, they will last for a maximum three years whereas concrete roads will last for nearly 10 years. Construction of concrete roads is costlier though. It costs Rs 700 to lay out one sq ft of tar road while it takes Rs 900 for a similar concrete one.HDMC is utilizing money from the Rs 100 crore grant, SFC and 13th financial funds, apart from other general funds, for the road project.Mayor Pandurang Patil says, \"Fed up of complaints from the public about poor quality of tar roads, we decided to opt for concrete roads. For tar roads, we have to create budget every year and also spend additional amount on repair, as they get damaged frequently. We need not worry on that front with concrete roads.\" These will not only help commuters but also give the cities a modern look, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17013637", "title": "Pvt schools drag their feet on Right To Education", "text": "MYSORE: The deadline for the registration of private schools under Right To Education (RTE) Act is fast approaching. But some schools in the city are not showing interest in being part of the movement. Under the Act, the schools have to reserve 25% of seats to students coming from economically backward classes and provide compulsory education till the completion of elementary education.The public education department has directed all aided and unaided schools to register under RTE Act by October. The schools have been asked to submit a report about the available seats from Class 1-8 to the respective deputy directors of public instruction (DDPIs).Speaking TOI about RTE registration, DDPI B K Basavaraj said private institutions just need to fill the form online, complete with info on teachers and infrastructure available in their institutions.\"Some schools in and around Mysore city are said to be completing admission for the next academic year. Our department has warned parents that the admissions done before the issue of notification will not be considered,\" he added.Though private educational institutions in the city are ready to implement the Act, they have reservations on the Act. They feel the act is clumsy and confusing. CBSE, ICSE and State Private Educational Institutions' Management Association vice-president R Raghu said they are not against RTE Act, \"but the deadline for the registration has to be extended until the confusions are cleared\".Complaining about government-fixed income limit, Raghu said that private schools are committed to provide education to BPL children. \"But those from well-off families avail benefits under RTE Act as the income ceiling is fixed at Rs 3.5 lakh per annum. Children coming under BPL will be deprived of the education,\" he added.According to private institutions, there is confusion regarding the income limit and reservation of seats. The government has asked them to reserve 7.5% of seats for SC, 1.5% to ST and the rest 16% to OBC children. But there is no clarity on the distribution of seats for different categories under OBC.Raghu said: \"The PIL seeking rectification of loopholes in the Act is still being heard in the court. It is not correct on the part of the government to fix a deadline. Though they have verbally said that the deadline has been extended, we have not received any notification.\" However, DDPI Basavraj said that there is no confusion regarding the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17017118", "title": "Cyclone threat: Coastal districts of Andhra put on high alert", "text": "HYDERABAD: Districts along the Bay of Bengal coast in Andhra Pradesh have been put on high alert as the deep depression that lay centred between Chennai and Nagapattinam is expected to turn into a cyclone by Wednesday.Heavy winds with a speed ranging from 45-55 kmph are expected under the impact.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, who was on a tour of Medak district in Telangana, directed revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy and chief secretary Minnie Mathew over phone to closely monitor the situation and take all precautionary measures.He asked them to take up rescue and relief operations wherever necessary, a release from CMO said.A third warning signal has been issued in Krishnapatnam, Vadarevu, Machilipatnam and Nizampatnam ports while fishermen have been warned not to venture into sea.Control rooms have been opened in the coastal districts, particularly SPS Nellore and Prakasam that are expected to have major impact of the cyclone.Nellore district Collector B Sridhar said revenue staff in 23 tehsils in the coastal region have been put on alert to handle any eventuality.In Krishna, which is a high cyclone-prone district, collector Buddha Prakash Jyothi opened control rooms in coastal areas and got a campaign conducted asking fishermen to stay away from the sea.\"We are ready to meet any eventuality,\" Buddha said. In Singarayakonda area in Prakasam district, high tides were witnessed this morning causing alarm among people.However, no damage has been reported so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013475", "title": "Pyari plans anti-Naveen membership drive", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Having launched a bitter diatribe against chief minister Naveen Patnaik, dissident leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra is working on increasing the tempo by organizing mass conventions in different parts of the state and starting an aggressive enrollment drive for Odisha Jan Morcha ( OJM) ahead of the BJD organizational polls slated in December, sources close to him said on Monday.\"We plan to organize at least four public rallies, akin to the one held in Bhubaneswar on Sunday, within the next couple of months. Kalahandhi would see a mass congregation in the third week of November, followed by similar events at either Rourkela or Sambalpur in western Odisha, at either Baripada or Balsore in northern Odisha and somewhere in southern Odisha,\" a source close to Pyari said. \"We will finalize the locations and the dates soon,\" the source added.At Sunday's Kranti Samabesh rally, Pyari had revealed plans to organize similar congregations but did not divulge further. Stopping short of announcing his bid to takeover BJD, he said the morcha, which he claims is working to reform the regional party, is targeting to have within five months 25 lakh members, which is around the number of members BJD claims to have.Pyari, who has already questioned the legality of Naveen's position as BJD president, is apparently aiming to damage Naveen's image as \"Mr Teflon\" as well as bring to the morcha fold large number of BJD workers, especially those who are disgruntled with Naveen and Co. \"Pyari's seems to be simultaneously working on two plans. His Plan A appears to be to oust Naveen as BJD president and take over the party's reins; in case he fails in his bid, his Plan B seemingly is to split the BJD and convert the morcha into a political party and contest the next assembly elections scheduled in 2014,\" observed a senior BJD leader, preferring anonymity.The morcha's convenor, Jagneswar, said, \"We are within the BJD and working to strengthen the party by removing unwanted and undemocratic elements. We would work out our future strategies within the next few days.\"Senior BJD Prafulla Ghadai, who Naveen removed from the ministry in August, however, pooh-poohed the Pyari threat. \"He is free to make statements for his self-interest, but that is in no way going to affect the BJD leadership or the party,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17016197", "title": "Storm-hit Obama ropes in Bill Clinton for election campaigning", "text": "WASHINGTON: After suspending his election campaign to personally lead the administration's preparedness for superstorm Sandy pounding the east coast, US President Barack Obama has roped in charismatic Bill Clinton to carry on the campaign on his behalf.Seeking his re-election, next one week are crucial for Obama as voting for presidential elections are scheduled for November 6 and polls are indicating that both he and his Republican challenger Mitt Romney are running neck to neck.Clinton would hold rallies at several places in Minnesota on Tuesday where he will discuss the choice in this election between moving forward with President Obama's vision to create an economy that's built to last, or going back to the same failed top-down economic policies that crashed our economy and punished the middle class, the Obama Campaign announced.Following the events in Minnesota, former president Clinton will deliver remarks at grassroots events in Colorado, the campaign said late on Monday night. Clinton on Monday addressed rallies in Florida and Ohio, where he slammed Romney.\"Now it turns out that Jeep is reopening in China because they made so much money here they can afford to do it and they are going on with their plans here. They put out a statement today saying that it was the biggest load of bull in the world that they would consider shutting down their American operation. They are roaring in America thanks to people like the people of Ohio,\" Clinton said in Ohio.\"So in keeping with that, here is what I want to say I think this election is about. I support Barack Obama because I think he has got a better jobs plan, and a better jobs record, a better budget plan, a better education plan, a better health care plan than his opponent governor Romney,\" he said.Vice-President Joe Biden and First Lady Michelle Obama also continued with their election campaign even as Obama was now focused on storm Sandy preparedness.\"The election will take care of itself next week. Right now, our number-one priority is to make sure that we are saving lives, that our search-and-rescue teams are going to be in place, that people are going to get food, the water, the shelter that they need in case of emergency,\" Obama had said.\"He (Obama) has made, really, this storm his priority, even in the midst of the final days of this campaign. He's going to do whatever it takes to make sure that the American people are safe and secure,\" Michelle said at a rally in Iowa.Biden was also campaigning in Ohio, which he termed as \"the epicenter\" of this election. \"If we win Ohio, we win this election,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Romney Campaign announced that Romney and his running mate Paul Ryan would hold storm relief efforts today. The announcement came after Romney had cancelled his election campaign meetings due to the superstorm Sandy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012102", "title": "More water cess move does not wash with mayor", "text": "BHOPAL: While Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava claims that a proposal is being prepared to increase the water cess depending on the rental value of a residence in posh localities, Mayor Krishna Gaur has refused any such move.\"We understand that there is inflation everywhere and we cannot burden common man by increasing water cess. Even if any such proposal is made, the Mayor-in-Council (MIC) will turn it down immediately,\" Mayor told the ToI.\"Every proposal has to be first proposed in the MiC and after its approval it will be put in the council for further discussion. The MIC will not pass any such proposal,\" she added.Even opposition congress corporators protest the proposal, \"It is not feasible to increase the water cess. The corporation was planning to increase the cess to generate money for paying electricity bills and maintaining pumping stations.\" However, the problem was sufficed by passing the proposal of installing water meters across the city, which was passed by the BMC council unanimously, they added. Any proposal burdening the common man will not be passed, they said.BMC officials, requesting anonymity, said, \"A move to increase water cess to Rs 400 per month from the existing Rs 180 per month was initiated a few years ago, which was not cleared in the council. It is next to impossible to implement proposal to increase water cess seeing local body elections in the upcoming year.\"However BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"It will take at least a year-and-a-half to commence metered water supply in the state capital. Till then, to increase the revenue of the corporation, a proposal is being planned. This will rationalize the collection of water cess like the electricity bills and property taxes.\"\"This is only for residents, who are paying income tax in lakhs and not for common man. The water cess will depend on the rental value of the residence and will be implemented only in the posh localities of the city,\" he added.Currently, the corporation is providing daily water supply to residents by charging Rs 180 per month. The proposal of 24x7 water supply is in pipeline and is expected to be implemented by 2014, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17012453", "title": "Unable to tie knot, 39-yr-old techie ends life", "text": "THANE: A 39-year-old mechanical engineer committed suicide by hanging himself from a ceiling fan at his residence in Lodha Heaven in Dombivli (E) on Sunday night. In his suicide note, Shreekant Rane said he was taking the extreme step as he was not able to get married and that no one should be blamed for his death. Rane was employed with Central Railway at its CST office.The incident came to light when Rane's mother knocked on the door to his bedroom to call him for dinner. When Rane didn't open the door despite repeated knocks, his mother summoned their neighbours, who broke open the door and found him hanging from the ceiling fan. The neighbors later informed the Manpada police.\"Rane was depressed as he wasn't able to get married. We have registered a case of accidental death,\" said assistant inspector Pandarinath Bhalerao. The police have found that Rane's siblings live with their spouses while he was living with their mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17010985", "title": "Detection of rail fractures averts possible mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: Detection of two rail fractures at two opposite ends of the Nagpur division of Central Railway averted possible train mishaps on Monday morning.According to sources, the first rail breakage was noticed around 6.30am at Barbadpur towards the Itarsi end while the second rail fracture was detected around 9am between Babupeth and Ballarshah stations.Railway sources said that due to some unusual sound, the New Delhi-Secunderabad AP Express was stopped at Magardoh station, around 230km from here. However, as no fault was noticed, the train was passed at 10 kmph towards Nagpur.However, the fracture was noticed by a keyman after the AP Express left Barbadpur. As a precaution, the Jammutavi-Chennai Andaman Express was detained and the rail damage was repaired.\"It was a miraculous escape for AP Express passengers. If the train had been moving fast, there could have been a possible derailment at Barbadpur,\" said railway sources.However, senior divisional engineer (coordination) Sanjay Khare said both were minor fractures and were detected on time.\"During winter and summer, tracks face contraction and expansion. This causes such fractures. We keep a track of such defects with hi-tech machines,\" Khare told TOI.However, officials also admitted that though the number of trains has increased almost 100 per cent over the last decade, the line capacity has remained stagnant.Similarly, the second rail fracture was detected around 9am near Babupeth. Central Railway PRO P D Patil said the Chennai-New Delhi Grand Trunk Express was detained for over 90 minutes. Patil denied delay of other trains that followed the GT Express.On Sunday, 636 pandrol clips were removed from the main line tracks near Pulgaon by unidentified miscreants. The early detection averted a possible mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17011852", "title": "Wastes will no more be a waste", "text": "MHOW: Mhow Cantonment Board (MCB) is all set to set up a plant where power will be produced using the municipal solid waste (MSW). This will not only solve the problem of dirt due to garbage in the city but also fulfill the need of electric power in this power deficit region.MCB executive officer Alok Gupta told TOI that the project is the first-of-its kind in the country as it does not need segregation of the garbage as is required in other such projects. It reduces great amount of labour that is required for setting aside of biodegradable waste material from the non-biodegradable one.He said that looking at the acute problem of garbage disposal in the cantonment, the MCB had floated a tender in February this year for commissioning of a fourth generation technology garbage disposal system. Many companies applied for it and Alphatech Maintenance &amp; Facilities Pvt Ltd was shortlisted that was having a tie-up with Memios of California in US. In this technology, the whole garbage is burnt in a process called pyrolysis in anaerobic conditions. With this burning, heat is generated which is used to produce steam that runs the turbine to produce the electricity. Gupta said that the process is extremely eco-friendly and is successfully run in many US cities and some other European countries. The MCB, in a full board meeting approved the project and has been sent to the central command office for approval. As soon as the approval comes, the project will be implemented in Mhow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013214", "title": "Gujarat has plenty to offer visitors", "text": "JAIPUR: The chairman of Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Ltd. (TCGL), Kalmlesh Patel was in Jaipur on Monday to talk about the famous kite festival held in Gujarat.\"Since 1989, the city of Ahmedabad has hosted the International Kite Festival as part of official celebrations of Uttarayan, bringing together master kite makers and flyers from all over the world to demonstrate their unique creations and wow the crowds with unusual kites. In past years, master kite makers from Malaysia have brought their wau-balang kites, llayang-llayang have come from Indonesia, kite innovators from the USA have arrived with giant banner kites and Japanese rokkaku fighting kites have shared the skies with Italian sculptural kites, Chinese flying dragons and the latest high-tech modern wonders,\" said Patel.The festival of Uttarayan is a unique Gujarati phenomenon, when the skies over most cities of the state are covered by kites throughout the day. Production of kites and kite supplies can be seen on the streets of Ahmedabad beginning in November and more so in Patang Bazaar, the special kite market in the old city. For the week preceding the festival, the market is open 24 hours a day for all kite lovers.Besides that another attraction and a reason to visit Gujarat is the 'Tarnetar Fair' that is one of the most happening events in Gujarat and is held at the temple of Shiva or Trinetreshwar (three-eyed god), popularly known as Tarnetar. \"The mela covers a large part of the Tarnetar village where a large number of stalls are put up that sell beautiful local handicrafts unavailable elsewhere along with ethnic jewellery, idols of deities and traditional mirror work attires,\" said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "17013587", "title": "Dhenkanal lays out a glittering welcome for goddess of wealth", "text": "ANGUL: The famous Gaja Laxmi Puja celebrations started in Dhenkanal on Monday. The town is all aglitter with lakhs of devotees expected to throng various puja pandals to pay obeisance to the goddess of wealth during the 11-day festival.As many as 38 puja pandals have been constructed in the town this year. Dhenkanal, being a small town, has a straight road running through the market and one can view the puja mandaps on both sides of the road.With spectacular arches and glittering lights dotting the whole town, puja organizers were busy giving final touches to the idols and puja mandaps on Sunday.This year, Sri Sri Maudamani Raja Laxmi Puja Committee has special plans. It will be presenting a gold crown weighing 1.6 kg worth over Rs 35,000 lakh to the deity which has been crafted in exquisite filigree work. The puja mandap has already installed the chandi medha (silver backdrop) made of three quintal silver.While the Station Bazar Puja Committee, which is celebrating 50 years of celebration this year, is also organizing the puja in a grand manner, the Ganesh Bazar Puja Committee's Sheesh Mahal inspired from the film 'Mughal-e-Azam', is expected to attract plenty of visitors this year. Organisers have spent about Rs 3 lakh to replicate the monument.The oldest puja organizers in the city, Mahabir Bazar, are also expecting their pandal, modelled on the Kailash parvat, to attract a huge crowd.Other puja pandals and gates of puja committees like Durga Bazar, Jubilee Town, Mahisapata, Kanchan Bazar, Baji Chowk and Kaibalya Bazar have been decorated elaborately.The Jawahar Puja Samiti, famous for the idols comprising both Laxmi and Narayana here, has spent over Rs 4 lakh to design an intricate palace for the deities.The Bus Stand Puja Committee, Kanchan Bazar, Bajar Chowk, Shanti Bazar, College Square and other places are also expecting a huge turnout.Angul, the district which was carved out of undivided Dhenkanal district, has also prepared for a grand Laxmi Puja this year with over 60 puja pandals constructed at different places in the district.Heavy security arrangements have been made to maintain law and order during the festival in both districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012831", "title": "White tiger gives birth to 4 cubs in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Vandalur zoo's nine-year-old white tigress Anu gave birth to cubs for a fourth time on Monday. With the four new cubs, the total number of tigers at the zoo has increased to 21 with a majority of 13 white tigers.Each cub weighs around 750 grams and mother's milk will be the diet for at least three months. A few days ago, two video cameras were installed in the enclosure to monitor Anu and her behaviour. Zookeeper K Chelliah was the first person to see the cubs. After Anu conceived, it took her 105 days to deliver. This is the first time Anu has given birth to four cubs in a single delivery.\"It will take at least two weeks to find the gender of the cubs. Apart from her regular diet of seven kg of beef, Anu is fed four kg of chicken,\" said zoo director K S S V P Reddy, who is also the chief conservator of forests.Visitors are not allowed near Anu's enclosure at present. Anu arrived at the zoo in 2006, along with her companion 10-year-old Bhismar, another white tiger, from New Delhi. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17013640", "title": "South Western Railway begins drive to check transport of inflammable goods", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore division of South Western Railway has launched a drive against unauthorized carrying of dangerous goods such as kerosene oil and LPG cylinders. The division has detected 15 such cases and collected Rs 4,800 as fine in the past four months.Anup Dayanand Sadhu, senior divisional commercial manager of SWR, said that some fire accidents in passenger trains have occurred in the recent past in different parts of Indian Railway, because of which precious lives have been lost, and many have suffered injuries. Accidents have occurred because of unauthorized carrying of highly inflammable items by the passengers.Carrying inflammable goods like kerosene oil, LPG cylinders and flammable items in passenger trains has been restricted under Section 67 of Railways Act (1989). Anyone found carrying such goods shall be prosecuted under Section 164 of the Act, which prescribes imprisonment up to three years and or with a fine of up to Rs 1,000.\"In view to curb such illegal carrying of dangerous goods and to prevent possible fire accidents, the safety and security departments of Mysore division (SWR) has intensified checking of passengers' belongings in trains for dangerous goods,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17015780", "title": "Kardashian sisters threatened with lawsuit", "text": "The Kardashian sisters have been accused of stealing the name of a high-end make up line and using it for their own cosmetic brand, it has been revealed.Kim, Khloe and Kourtney have been working on their make-up line, Khroma Beauty, for quite some time - a cosmetics line that is set for launch next month from not-so-suave places such as CVS, Sears, and Ultra.But now Michael Rey, the co-owner of Chroma Makeup in Beverly Hills has said that his brand \"took 12 years of blood, sweat and tears to build,\" and now boasts an A-List clientele, all for it to be exploited by the Kardashian power trio, the Mirror reported.He has said that the Kardashians line have cheapened his products due to the confusion it creates in the marketplace.Rey fears that his high-end customers will now become bemused and either head over to the Kardashians cosmetics or be embarrassed to say they wear Chroma in case of a mix-up.According to TMZ.com Rey has already hired a legal team, but hasn't contacted the Kardashian sisters just yet for a court battle.He's even reportedly drafted a letter to his customers stating that Chroma is in NO WAY associated with \"the low budget cosmetic products\" that the Kardashians are conjuring up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17013418", "title": "This milky way flows impure", "text": "LUDHIANA: The glass of milk that you consider to be the epitome of nutrition and good health may not be all that pure. In fact it can be harmful when mixed with adulterants like unhygienic water, detergent, urea and soda; and cause abdominal and intestinal diseases. In Ludhiana, out of 1,900 samples collected by Dairy Development Board in 47 camps organized in municipal corporation wards, more than 50% have failed purity test and are found to have 40-60% contamination or adulteration, mostly water.Dairy Development Board deputy director Dilbagh Singh said, We organized camps in all 47 wards of city and collected 1,900 milk samples. Out of these, around 1,000 samples failed the purity test, and were found to be adulterated with water. This water could have been taken from the tap or elsewhere and in most probability from unhygienic sources.Experts say pure milk should not have any water, but the failed samples in Ludhiana had 40-60% water content.Dilbagh explained that there are around 13 solid contents in pure milk 4.5% fat, 8.5% solid non fat with 3.5% protein, 4.9% lactose and .8% minerals. Around 83-87% is natural fluid. In adulterated milk, most of the times the total solid content is only around 3-4% and the fluid content goes up to 92-93%, added Dilbagh.According to the Food Safety and Standard Act, food items are examined in three categories, including sub-standard, mixed-branding and contaminated-unsafe.Food safety officer Ravinder Garg said, a??Adulterated milk comes under sub-standard category and if any vendor is found selling adulterated milk he is liable to face a penalty up to Rs 3 lakh. In case of mixed branding category, if a seller does not have correct information about the contents of the food item he can be penalized up to Rs 2 lakh, while in case of contaminated unsafe food items, which can be life threatening, seller, can face life imprisonment and a fine up to Rs 50 lakh, he added.We have filed cases for prosecution of the defaulters with the competent authority and are awaiting the verdicts, said Ravinder.Meanwhile, doctors warn consumers against using a??substandard milk and say the safer bet is to go for products that are certified for quality. There is a better chance of getting quality product if one buys packaged milk, say experts.Dr Amit Berry, an assistant professor of medicine at DMCH, said, Dilution can take away the nutritive value of milk and can pose serious health risks. When contaminated water is added to milk it can cause gastro-intestinal problems like gastritis, vomiting, nausea and diarrhoea. The best bet is to go in for certified products. In case of kids below one year, intake of adulterated milk can cause stunted growth, warns Dr Naveen Bajaj, neonatologist at Deep Hospital. He said, a??Infants can risk stunted growth if given adulterated milk, while in elder children contaminated milk causes a host of problems like dirrahoea, fever, vomiting and sometimes typhoid.Time to wake upThe Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) reports that milk adulterant have hazardous health effects. The detergent in milk can cause food poisoning and other gastrointestinal complications. Its high alkaline level can also damage body tissue and destroy proteins. Other synthetic components can cause impairments, heart problems, cancer or even death. While the immediate effect of drinking milk adulterated with urea, caustic soda and formalin is gastroenteritis, the long-term effects are far more serious, reports ICMR. Doctors warn that urea, an adulterant in milk, can cause nausea, gastritis and vomiting. Urea is harmful especially for the kidneys whereas adulterant like caustic soda can be dangerous for hypertension and heart diseases patients, pine experts. Meanwhile, Formalin, which is also one of the common adulterant in milk, can cause severe liver damage. The chemical which contains sodium, can act as a slow poison for the patients suffering from hypertension and heart diseases, warn doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17014027", "title": "Chakravyuh draws cops, politicians to theatres", "text": "RANCHI: Touching an issue that has largely remained cut off from urban people, has started drawing the attention of policemen and politicians alike. Chakravyuh, a Prakash Jha film on Maoist problem gripping central India with states like Jharkhand and Chhatisgarh as the backdrop seems to have attracted viewers from certain sections of the society. With its mid-week release in most of the theatres in the capital, it is drawing those to the theatres who either understand the situation fairly or want to know more about it.Former minister in Jharkhand government Ravindra Rai of BJP who had worked closely with first chief minister of the state Babulal Marandi to tackle Maoists in the state went to watch the movie on Saturday. \"The issue has been dealt with mastery,\" he said praising the research that went into the making of the film. He also said that to an extent the political compulsions shown in the movie are close to reality. Yet another section that was drawn to the movie is that of policemen who have been often fighting against the Maoists in the state. The policemen who went to watch the movie with their family members, could completely identify themselves with the helplessness expressed by S P Aadil Khan played by Arjun Rampal in the movie.\"We have to risk our lives everytime there is an operation against the Maoists without being sure if the leader being arrested will remain behind the bars or will enjoy the patronage of some influential people and will be released before being put behind the bars,\" said one of the police officers formerly posted in Chatra. He added that the encounters are often not as fierce and open as was shown in the movie as in real life both the sides want to prevent casualties.The movie divided the viewers into two groups.One which supported police action and the other supported the cause of Maoists. \"Till date, we thought Maoists and terrorist were one and the same but the movie presented them in a new light,\" said Poonam Singh, wife of an armyman who came to watch the movie with her kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17013940", "title": "Striking teachers unfazed by HRD minister's ultimatum", "text": "RANCHI: Taking a strong stand against the striking , state human resource development minister Baidyanath Ram on Monday set a deadline of October 31 to resume work or be ready to face action. However, the agitators remain unfazed by the ultimatum. \"If the para teachers do not get back to work by October 31, the government will be forced to take strict action against them,\" Ram said.However, para teachers' association state president Sanjay Dubey said they would not withdraw their strike until the chief minister would give them in writing that their demands would be fulfilled. Dubey held a meeting with representatives of para teachers from various districts Monday. Classes in around 40,000 government schools have been affected because of the strike of para teachers.The teachers have been on strike since August 28 demanding job regularization. After not being heard for more than two months, they are now planning a furious protest. \"We will gherao the chief minister's residence indefinitely from November 3. During the gherao, all the 85,000 para teachers of the state will demonstrate in front of his house round the clock,\" said Dubey.The para teachers plan to disrupt the celebrations of State Establishment Day to be held on November 15. Dubey said, \"We will be demonstrating at the CM's residence in a Gandhian style but if we are not heard, we do not take the responsibility of what happens on November 15. It might be aggressive.\"A committee was formed by the CM to look into the problems of para teachers and following submission of the report it was decided that the honorarium of para teachers would be increased by Rs 700. Prakash Pandey, a para teacher, said, \"How much difference does Rs 700 make. When we had a meeting with the HRD minister in April, he told us that our honorarium will be increased to Rs 10,000 from Rs 6,000 and the female para teachers will be given maternity leave.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012693", "title": "No intention to regulate media: Manish Tewari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari said his ministry's job was not to regulate the media, but to ensure a level-playing field for everyone and highlight the policies of the Central government.Taking charge of his ministry at Shastri Bhawan on Monday morning, Tewari said, \"I think at the end of the day, as I earlier pointed out, that this ministry or given the nature of the medium, we don't really have a regulatory remit. We have a remit which is essentially to see that the ground rules are properly laid out. Everybody has a level playing field to play on, so that there is no let up or favour.\"\"And to see that the policies and programmes of the UPA government get disseminated,\" he added. He was asked if he had his hands full as a lot of media coverage was perceived as negative towards the government.On his plans on the digitization of cable sector over which the I&B; ministry had launched a high-pitched campaign, the minister said, \"I am in the process of getting a feedback. Therefore, that's something which the ministry has already put in place. A new minister doesn't essentially mean that you unsettle the complete landscape. Let me get a feedback. Once we have a holistic perspective, we'll take a call on that.\"Tewari was also asked by reporters about his views on the issue of paid news. \"I have myself contested elections twice and I am aware of the seriousness of the problem. But this is a kind of problem on which it is important that a consensus is build,\" he said.\"It has been our belief since the beginning that progress on such sensitive issues can only happen if a consensus is build and an agenda is created. So, the effort will be to reach a conclusion after talking to all and then move ahead,\" he added.Tewari said that before taking charge of the ministry, he met his predecessor Ambika Soni.The Indian Broadcasting Foundation (IBF) expressed confidence that the new minister would continue to support broadcasters. In a statement, IBF said that the minister had already maintained that \"self regulation is the best regulation'' and all the stakeholders will have to take steps to move up to that trajectory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17013642", "title": "Put on your dancing shoes to learn hip-hop", "text": "MYSORE: To encourage dancing among Mysoreans, city-based dance institute Beyond Taalas will organize a 10-day dance workshop from November 1.It is creating a platform for dance lovers to hone their skills. Different dance forms like lyrical hip hop, Samba-lindy hop, Indo jazz, Indian contemporary and Bollywood dance will be taught at the workshop. Celebrity choreographers like Deepak Singh, Marischa, Cornel, Sonali and Paul Marshall will teach different dance forms to the participants.The workshop will be held in the institute premises in Vijayanagar in two sessions - morning and evening - and it is open to people of all age groups. Beyond Taalas director Pooja Joshi said the workshop offers an opportunity to dance enthusiasts to learn from choreographers, who have been part of reality shows.In the workshop, participants will learn the technicality and nuances of dance forms. \"Students can learn, practise and perform at cultural progrmmes in colleges,\" she added.This is the fourth edition of the workshop. Around 600 aspiring dances have benefitted from the previous workshops. Pooja said children, students, youths and couples would attend the workshop. On the last day, the participants will be made to show their dancing skills on stage along with the choreographers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013276", "title": "Infrastructure policy yet to take shape in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The state is yet to frame a concrete policy to deal with a spurt in city population by 2025, as projected by a United Nations agency recently. A UN-HABITAT study had claimed that the total population in Jaipur will rise to 4 million by 2025. In fact, some policies which were initiated to address growth in population are now entangled in bureaucratic red tape, delaying infrastructure development in the state.Foreseeing the situation, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had announced in his budget speech in 2009 to introduce Rajasthan Infrastructure Development Act (RIDA). However, even though the present government will be presenting its last budget soon, the bill is yet to be placed before the cabinet.However, the chief minister had kept reiterating about the framing of such an Act in various national and international seminars. \"For development of high quality infrastructure and to promote such projects in public-private partnership, Rajasthan Infrastructure Development Act is being framed. Under this Act, concerted efforts will be made to ease private investment,\" said Gehlot on January 9, 2012 during the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas.The RIDA was envisaged by the government aimed at developing high quality infrastructure and pushing cost intensive projects through public private partnership (PPP). A consultant from Delhi was appointed to draft the policy. The draft was completed in 2009 itself but the government kept sleeping over it. When the bill was take up again in 2012, the objections raised by the finance and law departments and renewal of contract with the consultant pushed it further into oblivion.According to the draft, a separate infrastructure development authority will be formed, headed by a commissioner. The authority will Act independently of Bureau of Investment and Promotion which at present oversee the investments in the state.\"We are committed to bringing the infrastructure development Act and efforts are being made on the same lines. There were some procedural delays which have been ironed out. We hope that soon it will be presented before the cabinet and help in addressing larger issues in infrastructure sector in the state,\" said Rajendra Pareekh, industries minister, under whom the draft is getting ready.The officials claim that draft is very prospective and will largely address most of the infrastructure issues in the state. \"The bill will focus on overall infrastructure development in the state. As of now, projects in sectors like healthcare, power, water, education and many more have been included in under RIDA,\" said officials.\"It will provide us a framework and facilitate system to push mega projects in PPP model,\" he said.Commenting on the present infrastructure status, officials associated with urbanization and town planning stressed for immediate implementation of such policy. \"We are way behind in the sanitation and almost nil in public transportation. Accommodating a population of 45-50 lakh will require a lot than what we are envisaging right now,\" said the JDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013082", "title": "MSEDCL announces amnesty scheme", "text": "PUNE: Consumers whose electricity connections have been permanently disconnected because of unpaid bills can avail of an amnesty scheme of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) by December 31.A statement issued by the company said that the scheme would be available to industrial, domestic, below poverty line, tribal and agricultural consumers, and for projects covered by the Rajiv Gandhi rural electrification and public water supply schemes.Consumers will be given new electricity connections under the scheme.Small and high-tension industrial consumers will have to pay the original bill arrears till March 2012, after which the MSEDCL will waive 50% of the interest on arrears and 100% of the fine. Consumers who pay 20% of the interest amount along with the bill arrears will not have to pay the remaining 30%.Below poverty line consumers, tribal consumers and Rajiv Gandhi rural electrification scheme projects will get full waiver of interest and fine amount if they pay the original bill arrears.Domestic consumers who clear the bill arrears will get a 50% concession on the interest on arrears and 100% concession on the fine amount. If they pay 10% interest along with the bill arrears, the remaining 40% interest liability will be waived.Public water supply scheme projects in urban and rural areas will get full waiver on fine and interest charged on their bill arrears up to March 2012. They will also be allowed to clear the bill arrears in installments. Agricultural consumers will have to pay their bill arrears up to March 2004 to get exemption from paying interest and fine amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012586", "title": "Maurya, daughter booked for sledging against Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mainpuri police registered an FIR against senior Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) leader Swami Prasad Maurya and his daughter Sanghmitra on the complaint of Samajwadi Party (SP) district president K S Verma accusing the duo of using derogatory remarks against SP national president Mulayam Singh Yadav and his clan during a party rally on Sunday.The FIR has been lodged under section 153 A (promoting enmity between different groups) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the case was registered after the complainant provided video footage of the rally showing Maurya and his daughter using phrases against the SP veteran that were not parliamentary.The complainant also provided police with video footage of a press conference after the rally in which the media pointed out the particular sentences asking the duo if they were a slip of tongue.Maurya and his daughter were both shown not only accepting they made the comments but also claiming they would continue to do so till the scenario changed in Uttar Pradesh.Though police refused to divulge details of the exact comments made by the two BSP leaders, sources in Mainpuri unit of the SP said that the two used phrases that were derogatory and personal.These phrases were used while addressing a BSP rally in which the speakers in general and Swami Prasad Maurya, along with his daughter in particular, came down heavily on the Samajwadi Party (SP) and its regime in Uttar Pradesh.While condemning the SP regime, the two leaders went overboard much to the surprise of media persons covering the event.What left the media stunned further was the fact that the two repeatedly went on to claim that that they will continue to use the same phrases for the SP and its leaders because, they believe the words sum up the situation aptly.Superintendent of police (SP) Mainpuri Shalabh Mathur confirmed an FIR had been lodged in connection with the incident and investigations were underway to establish the authenticity of the accusations leveled against the BSP leaders.He refused outright to share further details like the future course of action the police was set to initiate against the accused or verification of evidence (video footage) submitted with the police in support of the allegations leveled against the two BSP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013739", "title": "Ill-used paramedic sacked from job", "text": "New Delhi: When it suited them, the authorities at Raja Harish Chandra Hospital in northwest Delhi made Puneet Kumar, a guard, work as a paramedic, collecting and testing blood and other samples. But when word spread about his unofficial reassignment, they dumped him completely at a moment's notice to avoid embarrassment. Puneet, 25, is jobless since Friday.The really sad part is that Puneet is well qualified to work as a paramedic. Last year, the hospital authorities set him to work in the lab not on a whim but on the strength of his diploma in medical laboratory technology. Before doctors gave him a free hand, they also observed him carry out a few tests to everybody's satisfaction.While procedures were no doubt bypassed, Puneet was a 'safe' choice at a time of staff shortage at the hospital. In any case, he did not ask for the change but had it thrust upon him.Every day, for the last one year, Puneet left home in a guard's blue uniform and changed into the shirt and apron of a lab technician at the hospital. Medical superintendent Chandrakant admits the change was necessitated by an acute shortage of paramedical staff. But he clarifies: Puneet was \"qualified but not appointed\" and he has been asked not to work in the lab anymore. But that does not explain why Puneet must lose his regular job of a guard as well.Health minister AK Walia also told TOI that Puneet had been asked not to work at the lab as he was not appointed to the job. Informed that Puneet had the requisite qualifications, the minister said: \"In future, if he applies for the job or meets the eligibility criteria and clears the interview, there should not be any problem.\"But Puneet has pressing problems to contend with. His Rs 4,000 salary as a guard was not much but enough to feed his wife and son. \"I don't know what to do; there's no Plan B,\" he told TOI on Monday. \"I hope I'll get a job soon, even a guard's job will do.\"After getting his diploma in lab technology in 2008, Puneet had enrolled for BSc in medical laboratory technology from Punjab Technical University and completed it this year. \"Now I have enrolled for MSc. Being from a poor family, I needed to earn my living while studying. But I couldn't get a job even after completing my course,\" he says.Last year, Puneet met a contractor at the hospital, which is near his house. All he could get was a guard's job.\"Gradually, my qualifications became known at the hospital, and the authorities realized I could be more useful. That's how they asked me to slip into the role of a paramedic,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17014870", "title": "Heavy metals pollute Ganga midstream: Study", "text": "VARANASI: Though the 33-day Ganga Samagra Yatra, starting from Ganga Sagar and led by BJP leader Uma Bharati, with a call for cleaning the holy river concluded at Gangotri on Sunday, no significant change or improvement in river's health had been noticed. Whatever be the future impact of the month-long journey of the BJP stalwart, but the fact is that the Ganga continues to get polluted with each passing day with all forms of pollutants like municipal sewage, industrial effluents and heavy metals of carcinogenic nature.Industrial effluents containing chemicals and heavy metals are also being discharged into Ganga, said BD Tripathi, environment scientist of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and member of National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA). Tripathi has also developed a technology called 'bio-filtration of heavy metals for the removal of heavy metals from wastewater. Its basic principle is that aquatic plants such as eichhornia crassipes, pistia stratiotes, lemna minor, azolla pinnata and spirodela polyrhiza are used in different combinations to remove heavy metals.Tripathi claims that over 95% removal of chromium (Cr), cadmium (Cd), Copper (Cu), Zinc (Zn), Iron (Fe) and Nickel (Ni) have been demonstrated through this technology. Other scientists of BHU also confirm contamination of Ganga by heavy metals.They attempted to investigate the relationship between the concentration of heavy metals midstream and input through atmospheric deposition at Varanasi.\"We are studying the contamination of the river by heavy metal in Varanasi in relation to atmospheric deposition,\" said J Pandey of Centre of Advanced Study in Botany, BHU.He and other researchers K Shubhashish and Richa Pandey investigated the quality of water midstream as influenced by aerially driven heavy metals, selecting 12 sampling stations, along a 20-km-long stretch of the river in the city. Midstream sub-surface water samples collected at fortnightly intervals from all the sites were analyzed for Cd, Cr, Cu, Ni, lead (Pb) and Zn.The study revealed that the midstream water of Ganga is invariably contaminated by heavy metals. Highest concentrations of Cd, Cr, Cu, Ni and Pb were recorded during winter and that of Zn during summer. The concentration of all the heavy metals was high at downstream sampling stations.Correlated analysis showed that heavy metal concentration mid-stream had significant positive relationship with rate of atmospheric deposition at respective sites. Although the concentration of these metals in water remained below the permissible limits of Indian standards for drinking water, levels of Cd, Ni and Pb at three stations, were above the internationally recommended (WHO) maximum admissible concentration (MAC).These observations suggest that use of such water for drinking may lead to potential health risk in the long run. Heavy metals are known to have serious health implications like carcinogenesis induced tumor promotion.The results of the study indicates that Ganga at Varanasi receives sizably high atmospheric inputs of Cd, Cr, Cu, Pb and Zn. The study suggests that the aerial catchment can sizably contribute to surface water contamination of potentially toxic metals.The main sources of these elements into the atmosphere are urban industrial emissions in adjoining areas. Vehicular emission is believed to be the main contributor to urban particulates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013690", "title": "Dasmunsi urges Khaleda Zia to raise hilsa supply to Kolkata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Scarcity of Padma Hilsa (named after Padma river in Bangladesh) in Kolkata found a mention at the luncheon meeting hosted by the Prime Minister for Bangladesh leader of opposition Begum Khaleda Zia. This type of fish, which had been catering to the substantial demand of Bengal capital, is now short in supply and the fish reaching Kolkata are smaller ones.\"I mentioned about the major decline in their availability in our state capital. We were told that the catch from Bangladesh is exported to other parts of the world including Delhi because prices are high there. The leader also told us that there has been a major decline in Hilsa catch this year because of draught like situation,\" Raiganj MP Deepa Das Munshi said. She was one of those few who attended the luncheon meeting on Monday afternoon.The Congress leader said they were informed that even in Bangladesh the price of the fish has increased and one fish weighing around 1.5kg now costs Rs 1,500. \"I have requested that the supply in Kolkata should be increased,\" she added.Earlier this year the Bangladesh government had imposed a temporary ban on export of Hilsa fish because of deficit rainfall in the region and since the quantity of Hilsa fish was less. Though Hilsa from Ganga is considered of superior quality, in the past 10-15 years catch from Indian waters has decreased significantly. This is due to rapid industrialization along the river and high level of pollution.The situation is not so gloomy in Bangladesh, which produces more than half the global Hilsa yield. Hilsas generate revenues that account for 1.3% of Bangladesh's GDP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17013158", "title": "Youth abused for abusing food safety official", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A 20-year-old youth, who abused food safety joint commissioner K Anilkumar over phone, was arrested by the Thampanoor police on Monday. Sajeer, a native of Thaliparamba in Kannur, was taken into custody from Kannur with the help of the local police and then brought to Thampanoor.According to the police, the accused was a close relative of a Thaliparamba hotelier whose hotel was closed down following a raid by food safety officials. This is suspected to be the reason behind the crime. Sajeer used to dial the toll free number 1800-425-1125 of the food safety authority, which is handled by K Anil Kumar in Thiruvananthapuram. Whenever the officer attended the call, Sajeer would shower abuses on him following which the former lodged a complaint with the Thampanoor police.The police tracked down the accused with the help of the cyber cell of the police.A police team led by Thampanoor circle inspector Sheen Tharayil and sub inspector R Sivakumar made the arrest. The accused was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.Sasthamcotta CI suspended: Sasthamcotta police circle inspector Alex Baby was suspended from service on Monday over his alleged links with the sand mafia. The officer, who was on duty in Thiruvananthapuram in connection with the President's visit, was summoned to the Kottarakara Rural SP office and handed over the suspension order.It has been alleged that Baby had misused his powers to help the sand mining mafia. The officer allegedly intervened and released a sand-laden lorry that was taken into custody by the sub-inspector two weeks ago.The Kunnathoor Vikasana Samithy had complained of the sand mafia resuming operations here with the officer's help. TOI had reported about the resumption of sand mining in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17013844", "title": "Two suspected rebels held with ammunition", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Police arrested two suspected Naxalities, carrying explosives, from Chowka police station area in Seraikela-Kharswan district on Sunday evening.As many as 70 black uniforms, 40 detonators, 15m-long wire meant for IED explosives, a 12 volt battery, a DVD player and five mobile phones were recovered from there.The two, identified as Mumtaz Ansari (26) Samuel Oriya (20), were allegedly working as weapon carriers for the rebel squad that consisted of most-wanted leaders like Kundan Pahan, Maharaj Parmanik and Somra Hansda.The duo was arrested during a long-range patrol, late in the evening, on the road between Rankadih and Podakocha.Ansari is from Gudri village under Ichagarh Police Station and Oriya is a resident of Podakocha village under Chowka Police Station.\"The two were carrying these items to Adaki in Ranchi,\" said Chandil sub-divisional police officer Manoj Chothe on Monday. The duo has been forwarded to the Seraikela sub-divisional jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "17013823", "title": "College gang rape key accused held in Dhanbad", "text": "ASANSOL: Police made a major breakthrough in the Rupnarayanpur polytechnic college gang rape with the arrest of prime accused Samyo Mondal, the Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) leader, on Monday. He was arrested from the Dhanbad station around 1pm as he was trying to flee, the police said. He will be produced in Asansol court on Tuesday.It may be recalled that Mondal had been absconding since October 11, the day the first-year polytechnic student from Chittaranjan lodged an FIR. While his classmate and accomplice Avik Ghosh and security guard Bholu Yadav, alias Bijoy Kumar, were arrested earlier, the police are yet to track down Mithilesh Ojha, an outsider who was also allegedly party to the assault.Talking to TOI, commissioner of Asansol-Durgapur commissionerate Ajay Kumar Nand said they had been tipped off about Mondal. \"Sources had informed us that he was hiding in a lodge at Dhanbad and would be leaving the place today. We reached just in time and arrested him from the station as he was trying to escape,\" said Nand, adding that raids were on to round up Ojha.The TMCP district president Ashok Rudra thanked the police for arresting the main culprit. Mondal had been selected the TMCP AGS in last year's college elections and this year he had won uncontested. Sources said he was all set to become the general secretary of the college union.Police said the detective department team that had arrested Avik Ghosh from his uncle's house in Serampore had carried out Monday's operation.The first-year student from the Kazi Nazrul Centenary Polytechnic College had been allegedly gang-raped in the union room on October 9, having been invited there on the pretext of a birthday party by a classmate Shovona Das, the victim alleged. The police said they had interrogated Das at her HCL Colony residence on several occasions, but hadn't found any grounds yet to arrest her.Rituparno Bose, the then principal of the polytechnic college, had denied the occurrence of the assault on the girl and dismissed the presence of an outsider on the college campus. He was later suspended after a team from the higher education department visited the campus. The college is reported to have shut down the union room and the canteen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014123", "title": "Delhi well prepared to foil attacks: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI:On October 29, 2005, aseries of blasts ripped through busy market places in the city, leaving people both wounded and vulnerable. Having arrested over 70 terror suspects linked to various outfits like Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), Indian Mujahideen (IM) and Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami (HuJI) since then, sleuths of the special cell claim the capital has become a safer place in the last seven years.Not only has the top cop, Neeraj Kumar, placed counter-terrorism on his priority list, the special cell \u00e2\u20ac\u201d primarily created to tackle terror strikes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d claims Delhi is not as vulnerable to such attacks as it was in the past. The cell has busted IM modules on a massive scale which has resulted in weakening of LeT's roots as well. The arrests of top terror operatives since 2005, including Tariq Ahmad Dar who was nabbed shortly after the blast, and Jabiuddin Ansari (Abu Jundal), have clipped the outfits' wings to some extent, sleuths claim.Senior cops say that their efforts seem to have brought down the fear of terror attacks among Delhiites. \"We are doing all that we can to make Delhi a safer place. We are equipping ourselves with the latest technology and roping in the best of our force to check terror attacks. Lessons from the past have helped us identify loopholes in out strategy thus enabling us to crack down on suspects more efficiently ,\" said deputy commissioner of police, Sanjeev Yadav.The recent arrests of the four IM operatives involved in the Pune blasts saved Delhi from witnessing another terror strike as their plan to bomb Delhi this Diwali was at its final stage say cops. \"The operatives have direct links to LeT, an outfit that was responsible for the 2005 blasts. They were working for LeT commander Fayaz Kagzi who recruited them and handed them over to IM head Riyaz Bhatkal for executing terror attacks,\" said a senior officer of the cell.Delhi Police claims that since 2005 it has initiated modernization projects on a massive scale even though many of them are yet to be implemented. The integrated security surveillance system, under which CCTVs had to be installed across the city, is yet to materialize . Cops say that they are in the process of appointing a consultant for the purpose. However, most agree that the revamp of the special cell \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which had become dormant after the Batla House encounter \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has led to better performance. The eyesand-ears scheme, under which locals and shopkeepers keep a watch in their localities, has worked wonders for the force.Senior cops say they have procured modern equipment like bomb detectors and scanners , but officers are yet to learn their use. \"Those tackling terror should be able to understand and analyze terror suspects. Terrorists are taking to new methods of planning, sourcing, funding and executing strikes. One needs to be a step ahead of them,\" says a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012613", "title": "Court rejects surrender application of prime accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: A city court on Monday rejected the surrender application of Sushil Katiyar, a prime accused in the multi-crore Labour and Cooperative Construction Federation (LACCFED) scam. The Special Investigation Bureau (SIB) of the Cooperative Cell of Uttar Pradesh Police, which is probing the case, had opposed Katiyar's application. Stepping up the heat on the accused in scam, the SIB not only managed to persuade the court to reject Katiyar's surrender application, it also conducted raids at half a dozen locations in the state in search of former ministers wanted in the case.Katiyar had emerged as one of the prime accused in the case as most of the dubious transactions that the Laccfed had done took place when he was its chairman in 2010-11. The SIB had moved the court to attach Katiyar's property but the move was interjected in between by a surrender application moved before the court of additional chief judicial magistrate (ACJM). Now that the court has rejected his surrender application, the SIB will proceed for formalities required for attachment of his property unless Katiyar gives himself up before the investigators.Meanwhile, the SIB conducted half a dozen raids in different parts of the state in search of two former ministers in the BSP government who have emerged as accused in the scam. As many as nine ministers for the erstwhile Mayawati cabinet have so far emerged as accused in the case and one of them -- the then labour minister Badshah Singh -- has already been arrested and at present is languishing in jail.The SIB has questioned some former senior ministers and summoned them for questioning during the first fortnight of October. However very few of them turned up before the bureau after which the investigators decided to proceed with their formal arrests. The Monday morning raids were supposedly aimed at the arrest of former minister Rangnath Misra. Others in the line are Naseemuddin Siddiqui, Swami Prasad Maurya (at present the leader of Opposition in UP assembly), Chaudhary Lakshmi Narayan, Nand Gopal Gupta Nandi, Babu Singh Kushwaha , Sadal Prasad, Rangnath Mishra, Avadhpal Singh Yadav and Anees Ahmad alias Phool Babu.The ministers have been accused of promising to allot contracts for construction of ITI buildings, polytechnic hostels, employment exchanges, homeopathy &amp; veternirary hospitals, mortuaries, court rooms and signboards in 2010-11 by the Laccfed. They had allegedly collected hefty amounts in cash in advance from the federation on the basis of these promises. Later, some of the ministers did grant contracts to Laccfed but some pocketed the money and refused to fulfill their promises.The case had come to light following an internal inquiry in February 2012 after which the then General Manager (administration &amp; finance) PN Singh Yadav lodged an FIR with the Hussainganj police. Investigations into the case gained momentum after the Samajwadi Party (SP) came to power in March 2012 and the case was transferred to the corporate cell. The agency then formed an SIB to exclusively probe the scam.The SIB is investigating alleged misappropriation of over Rs 400 crore from government funds meant for the Laccfed to construct mortuaries, polytechnic buildings, hospitals, hostels, employment exchanges, veterinary hospitals and court rooms among other things in 2010-2011. Though the amount of embezzlement is not much when compared to the NRHM scam, the LACCFED scam is one of its kind as it involves 11 ministers in a single case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17011270", "title": "Centrally empowered committee (CEC) visits Bicholim, Sattari mines", "text": "KERI: The Supreme Court-appointed centrally empowered committee (CEC) headed by P V Jayakrishnan along with Mahendra Vyas and Siddharth Choudhary on Monday toured the mining-affected areas from Shirgao of Bicholim to Gavane of Sattari.The team visited mines in North Goa in the presence of the petitioner, Goa Foundation's director, Claude Alvares along with the Goa additional principal chief conservator of forests Richard D'Souza, director of mines and geology Prasanna Acharya , additional principal chief conservator of forests of the MoEF, Bangalore, K S Reddy and other officials of the state government under tight police cover.The mines inspected are those belonging to Sesa Goa, Rajaram Bandekar, H L Nathurmal, Cosme Costa &amp; Sons, R S Shetye, Fomento, Chowgule company Pvt Ltd in Pilgao, Pissurlem, Sonshi, Shirgao, Gavane and Harvalem.Representatives of the mining companies were prepared with documents and explanations to questions from the CEC team. Sources said that the team members posed questions on issues like extraction, mining dumps, rejects, encroachments, etc.As some mining company representatives could not provide satisfactory explanations to the CEC, some of them were asked to provide documents to substantiate their claims.The CEC team observed the illegalities committed by some mining companies and directed the officials of those companies to file their written clarifications over points brought forth by the Goa Foundation about illegal mining extraction, transportation and dumping. They also observed the destruction caused to the environment due to reckless mining.CEC officials felt that rejects should be dumped within the lease area. A CEC team member said that \"whatever is right or wrong, will be presented to the court\", said sources. At Shirgao, some youth who claimed to be supporters of the mining industry tried to prevent environmentalists from joining the tour. Activist from Bicholim Ramesh Gauns said, \"Goa's mining industry does not want transparency in their business. I was restrained from meeting the CEC team at Shirgao.\"Earlier in the day, the CEC team called on chief secretary B Vijayan. Sources said CEC questioned the chief secretary about the government's point of view on mining-related issues. Vijayan informed the CEC that the state government would submit replies to their queries in the due course of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012712", "title": "Global classic dishes make a comeback", "text": "MUMBAI: Some stay true to the authentic recipe, others play around, add a modern twist here or a surprise garnish there. And yet others stick to the ingredient list, but tweak the technique for a wow effect.Culinary wizardry with deconstruction, foams, caviars may hold the centrestage on some restaurant menus, but if chefs across the gastronomic spectrum are to be believed, simple, global classics like spaghetti with meat balls, gazpacho, scrambled eggs, lamb massaman curry have gained in popularity among Indian diners in the past few years.\"There was a time, in the '90s, when classic dishes were looked down upon. Chefs would never put it on their menu. But in the last five years or so, there has been a resurgence of sorts with classics taking centre-stage,\" said chef Jaydeep Mukherjee. Good Food magazine which completes one year in India has chosen global classics as its anniversary theme. The anniversary issue is on ode to 25 classic dishes, from biryani to bulgogi, complete with recipes, history and a side of interesting tit-bits.While Mukherjee is of the opinion that classics should not be meddled with, others do not agree. Grisham Fernandes, chef in a restaurant that puts edgy, molecular gastronomy inspired food on its menu, said, \"We take classics and break them down into textures, flavours and give a modern twist. Like the beige colored Gazpacho made with deep fried almond and green grape juice that was left to ferment overnight.\"Or a version of scrambled eggs, that is lighter, creamier and served with chives, white truffles. \"These dishes have worked well with our diners. In the last ten years globally, there has been a move towards classic dishes made with a fresh take on it,\" said Fernandes.Nikhil Chib, chef and owner of a pan-Asian restaurant opined that food can be linked to the social scene and \"everyone is going retro these days and so classics are in\". \"Serving a classic dish presents a true challenge as the diner knows what it is supposed to taste like, what the flavours should be, there is a taste memory that he refers to.\"But a chef needs to be careful when he puts a modern twist to it. \"We do a version of beef carpaccio with an Asian twist with sesame oil, honey, miso, mirin and it definitely tastes better,\" says Chib. \"But I have had Thai green curry in London with corn and pineapple and it was a disaster. Then again, I do not believe in wasabi ice-cream,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012034", "title": "Child's panel awaits reply on dengue awareness", "text": "BHOPAL: A fortnight after the child's panel wrote Betul collector about increased awareness on dengue and swine flu , especially in case of children, a reply is still awaited. This even while dengue claimed a six-year-old boy from Betul on Sunday.On October 11, a member of state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) Vibhanshu Joshi wrote a letter to the collectors of Betul, Hoshangabad, Ratlam and Harda districts stating that children are more susceptible to vector-borne disease like dengue and virus-borne like swine flu.Joshi is in charge of all the four districts in the commission.Talking to the TOI, he said, \"The death of the boy is definitely due to lapse of health and safety measures on behalf of the administration. While the letter was written more than a fortnight ago, any reply on the same is yet to be received at the commission.\"Joshi said that small children have low immunity to combat the disease. \"Platelet count goes down when someone has contracted dengue, which in turn affects the immunity. This affects children much more than adults as they are susceptible to more infections,\" he said.In the letter, Joshi has written for maintaining special cleanliness in the school premises and for curbing the breeding of mosquitoes. \"This year due to heavy rainfall in the monsoon, small pits got filled which have turned breeding grounds for mosquitoes. Hence, such pits should be disinfected,\" he said.Betul collector B Chandrasekhar was unavailable for comment despite repeated attempts of contacting him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17012294", "title": "Youth rescued from kidnappers in Bangkok", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A city youth was rescued from the clutches of kidnappers in Bangkok. The youth, K Srinivasa Rao, a hotel management graduate from Gajuwaka who went there for a job on a cruise ship, was rescued by the Bangkok police with the inputs about the kidnappers and their possible whereabouts from the Vizag city police. They arrested four gangsters -- Siva Kumar alias Jimmy Gupta, Babloo Sarma, Piyush Thanki and Rammonthi Yitmisir of a shipping agency in Bangkok and Gottipati Manmadha of Vizag and Abilash Elangovan of Chennai who acted as agents. Police recovered Rs 1.3 lakh cash from the duo. The victim was held hostage and severely tortured by the kidnappers.Based on a complaint from the victim's father Hanumantha Rao, the city police shared the information and threat calls' details of the kidnappers with the Indian embassy in Bangkok and Interpol and the authorities in New Delhi. Srinivas had applied for a job in Overseas Bizz Group abroad through internet. His senior in college Manmadha acted as the agent and promised him a job on the cruise ship in Australia with a monthly salary of Rs 96,000. Srinivas paid some amount to the agents for the job and went to Bangkok on August 28.The victim got suspicious over the agents' network there and refused to work in the Australia vessel. He was later kidnapped by the agents who demanded Rs 13.5 lakh from his father by repeatedly threatening him for 9 days. The father sent Rs 1.3 lakh through a bank to Abilash. Yet, they demanded for the remaining amount.Police commissioner J Poornachandra Rao provided the voice details of the kidnappers to the Bangkok police. City cyber crime police of the city furnished the details of the agents to the Bangkok police and rescued the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016299", "title": "'Ken' and 'Barbie' should care about 'Munna' and 'Munni'", "text": "Remember the time when the west really did not care about the east? Or when the east wanted to emulate the west blindly? Well now the direction is changing. Globalisation is melting the boundaries of countries faster than the glaciers up north. No man can afford to be an island. In fact by not being connected we lose out on many fronts. With or without us, the shifting balance of power shall find its median point. Getting on board is our responsibility. Look around, the average person walking on the street - he may be physically here, but his eyes are sprinting on the global roadways via any hand-held device. Thanks to Google or other search engines, we prod through territories which till now were mere countries on the map. The west must not only smell the masaala or Jasmine tea but even sip on the benefits of consuming it daily. Knowledge, through various means like the media or the internet, is bombarding the average person from all direction. If it were not for this we would still be looking for an alternate route to the spice destination India, or the shortest silk road to China.To this end, countries like Canada that host international film festivals and international trade shows provide a platform for cultural and trade summits where people from various countries can show case their talent and culture. The economies of China and India, to name a few, also benefit from these since joint ventures provide employment opportunities for all. Gone are the days when people were content just to read about these cultures, now they want to take it a step or thousands of steps further, visit and explore the places and physically experience thousands of years of history they read or heard about. Movies from around the globe are a perfect way for people to connect with various cultures from the comfort of their home. Some pictures that speak more than a thousand words may be short films with a multitude of languages yet they are huge in talent and rich in themes that explore various topics unique to their genre. TIFF, IIFA , PIFFA, Berlin film festival, Scandinavian films, Russian and Chinese social movies shed light on the countries of origin and help people to understand the world through the lens of the camera.Toronto, a multicultural mosaic, can boast about the buzz and interest these festivals create. The venues that host some of these cherry and handpicked treats are also well thought out by pundits. Months are spent in organising such events. The downtown and centre areas of the entertainment and financial districts have to adjust to the onslaught of fans waiting to catch a glimpse of their favourite star. Needless to say traffic grinds to a halt and patience ebbs away, yet polite Toronto grins and bears this intrusion with a few frowns and plenty of wit. Bars, restaurant and many commercial establishments profit from these events and embrace the opportunity to showcase our beautiful city. This year TIFF, which is a leading public film festival, screened more than 300 films from over 60 countries. It has become a launching pad for International and Canadian films and after Cannes, the most important film festival according to Cameron Bailey, its artistic director.Here \"gangs\" of Anurag Kashyap played with Deepamehta's\"children at midnight\" while Mira Nair reluctantly asked the fundamental question in Vinglish: Can the west afford to ignore the east any longer? \"Perhaps at its own peril,\" replied Jackie Chan. The stakes are higher now since it is not just tea or spice and everything nice but something more priceless, something more precious and irreplaceable, namelyjobs and the future of our children and grandchildren. It will benefit the mainstream to grab a chai and sit in front of the computer to learn about those countries, since that is where most jobs are headed and along with those jobs our kids and grandkids. Is it not better if Ken and Barbie really can befriend Munna and Munni and learn where they play and what their culture is all about? This knowledge will be extremely useful when the average Joe heads out to teach English in Korea, Japan or China or to set up computer or trade deals with India and the Middle East. This global world of the future is not so distant and will benefit all, so let's welcome and embrace the various cultures; perhaps even learn a new language and watch the job prospects and take a quantum leap forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17017886", "title": "No move to dismantle PDS: Montek Singh Ahluwalia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pitching for direct cash transfer of food subsidy, Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia on Tuesday assured this would not result in dismantling of current system of procuring grains at minimum support price (MSP) and distribution through PDS.\"...about the cash transfer (of subsidy), the accusation is that you want to dismantle the PDS. This is completely wrong because there is no question of dismantling the minimum support prices,\" Ahluwalia said at a meeting of state food ministers for strengthening PDS.The government would continue the public procurement of food grains like wheat and paddy and sell it without subsidy through PDS, he said adding that food subsidy would be transferred directly into the bank accounts of the beneficiaries to plug leakages.Echoing similar views, food minister K V Thomas said, \"Among other measures to check the leakage and diversions, an alternate model of direct transfer of food subsidy is being considered\".Finance ministry has proposed to introduce direct cash transfer of food subsidy in Delhi and six union territories including Chandigarh and Puducherry.Ahluwalia also hinted there would be pressure on global food prices and there is high export potential. However, according to government data, India is net importer of edible oils and pulses.He also pointed out that if India achieves high economic growth in next ten years, the per capita income would be doubled which would led to change in food mix.\"I think that if we succeed in the economic growth target, that we have set ourselves, then per capita income of the country will be doubled in ten years.\"The complaint today is that the prices of non-food grains items are high. The prices of vegetable, milk and meat are rising much more than food grains. In the overall food economy, the PDS is shrinking part,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016011", "title": "Fun at Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face finale", "text": "On Friday evening all roads in the Tricity led to Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face 2012 finale at the DT Mall, IT Park, Manimajra. 20 contestants from across city colleges vied for the coveted title in a three hour long glittering show that was judged by celebrities and cheered by a swelling crowd spilling even on the road outside the mall.Beginning with the introduction round, it was followed by a performance round after which 11 contestants were eliminated. Clad in designer wear by the new generation designer, Charu Prashar, who has now stepped into luxury bridal couture after capturing high fashion since a decade, the 10 girl contestants were glowing. Putting more glam into their faces with makeup was Cleopatra Day Spa and Bridal studio, and perfecting their ramp walk was leading choreographer Ekta. Emcee Maddy held fort of the heady momentum with his quiet wit on stage as DJ Mick-e's music kept up the cadence.The deciding round for the evening was the judges' Q &amp; A round, that included the glitterati like the handsome actor and cricketer Gulzar Chahal (also seen in Puneet Issar's Hindi film I Am Singh) and the pretty, former Miss Punjaban 2008 Neetu Singh , Richa Agarwal, Ritu Kolentine (Directors at Cleopatra Salon), Ekta Sharma, director League Media productions.While encouraging contestants, Gulzar and Neetu also spoke about their upcoming film Dil Tainu Karda Ae Pyar .Oozing confidence and wooing judges with their intelligence were the final six winners, including Vishakha Thakur and Shubham Sahni (winners), Diksha Dhyani and Rohan Malhotra (first runners-up), Srishty Kohli and Chetan Upmanyu (second runners-up).Clean &amp; Clear Confidence Round for girls, assessed them on brains as well, that would take them to the grand finale. In this round, when emcee Maddy said 'block' they spoke for a topic, and when he said 'tackle' they spoke against it. Eventually, the top three girls were gifted hampers by Priya Rege, senior product manager, Clean &amp; Clear.This is just the beginning, as two winning girls in Mumbai Finale get a chance to become faces of the Clean &amp; Clear ad campaign. As the competition gets tougher from here to Mumbai, you too can view these hottest faces of Chandigarh campus and see the performances of this evening on www.itimes.com.Reported by Ananta Srikhand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011859", "title": "Rail travel, govt services may cost more", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get ready to shell out more for your train journey and several other services provided by the government \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from parcels to patents.Pawan Kumar Bansal , the new railway minister, on Monday hinted at an increase in passenger fares with a caveat that it was not meant to earn a profit for the state-run transporter. \"Fares will not be increased for the sake of increasing fare. If fare will be increased, then it will be for providing better services to passengers,\" Bansal said soon after taking charge of the ministry, which has returned to the Congress-fold after 17 years.\"We want to run the railways on sound financial principles,\" Bansal said, adding that he would discuss the issue with the railway Board on Tuesday, and then take it up with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Ordinary passenger fares have not been raised for nearly a decade, and earlier this year the government was forced to limit the hike to air-conditioned sleeper coaches after stiff opposition from Trinamool Congress , its erstwhile ally. The national transporter is under financial strain and funds earmarked for several projects are being curtailed.Bansal, himself a frequent traveler on Shatabdi Express, said that even passengers are willing to pay more for better services. \"Many a time, people suggest to me they won't mind the government hiking fares if the services are made better,\" he said while identifying safety and modernization as his priorities.Unlike the railway minister, several other ministries are ready with plans to raise user charges, or the cost a consumer pays for accessing services as part of a finance ministry-driven move to raise more resources. For instance, the postal department is in the process of \"rationalizing\" tariffs although the aam aadmi services such as post cards may be spared. An official said that the exercise would include an increase in money order and parcel tariffs apart from the commission that the state-run India Posts earns by rendering services.Similarly, since the Patent Office is in the midst of an increase in the application fee, the move is unlikely to raise any eyebrows.Already, passport charges have been raised by 50% from Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,500, while for tatkal the tariffs have increased from Rs 2,500 to Rs 3,500 from October 1.The finance ministry has repeatedly flagged the issue of raising these charges but given the acute financial stress it is only now that the move has acquired some seriousness. For the government an increase in passport and patent fees is unlikely to result in a significant gain as they together generate around Rs 3,500 crore annually. Even the increase in postal charges will only reduce the postal deficit marginally from a little over Rs 5,700 crore budgeted for the current fiscal.Officials, however, said that the move will signal the government's intent to fiscal consolidation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013599", "title": "Annual meet to start from November 1", "text": "MANGALORE: The Nitte University will organize three-day 33rd annual conference of Indian Association of Biomedical Scientists (IABS) on its premises in Deralakatte from November 1. The theme of the conference is 'Recent trends and Advances in Biomedical Research - an integrated approach.' The conference aims at bringing together scientists from different streams of medicine such as allopathy, ayurveda , unani, sidha, homeopathy , pharmaceutical scientists and other scientists.Eight workshops on interdisciplinary approach towards techniques involved in medical sciences have been organized in the constituent colleges of Nitte University prior to the start of conference. These workshops will provide students hands-on experience on animal handling and experimentation in pharmacology, cell culture techniques, DNA damage studies, therapeutic nutrition, LASERs in dentistry, assessment methods of physical activity level and fitness, and recent trends in lumbar spine manipulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012764", "title": "Hurricane Sandy effect: All flights to, from US cancelled", "text": "MUMBAI: All flights to and from the USA were either cancelled or rescheduled as hurricane Sandy hit the East Coast and New York and Newark airports were closed. Expecting harsh weather conditions, most airlines operating from Mumbai to the USA cancelled their flights on Monday.Airlines have urged passengers to closely follow the schedule and check flight status in the coming days. Most airlines have waived off cancellation charges for those who may want to change their travel plans to the USA.On Monday, Air India cancelled its Delhi-JFK-Delhi and Mumbai-Newark-Mumbai flights. United Airways, another airline which operates a direct flight from Mumbai to New York, also cancelled its flight. The airline also operates a flight to the US via Frankfurt. While it operated the Mumbai-Frankfurt leg, the flight from Frankfurt to New York was cancelled.Jet Airways operates to Newark via Brussels. On Monday, the airline's Brussels-Newark and Newark-Brussels flights were cancelled.British Airways , which operates from Mumbai to the USA via London, announced on its website that it has \"cancelled all flights to and from East Coast USA, which includes New York, Baltimore, Washington, Boston and Philadelphia \". Even Lufthansa and Swiss Air announced cancellation of their flights to the USA. Though airlines have not announced cancellations for the coming days, major rescheduling or disruptions are expected. AI sent out a statement saying that its flights for Tuesday have been delayed inordinately and will fly only after clearance from the US government.\"This is why we have allowed ticket cancellations without any charge. Most airlines are following the same protocol,\" said an official from a private carrier.As uncertainty over travel to the US mounts, tour operators fear that many travellers may get stranded if the hurricane doesn't subside. Airline too may incur losses due to no operations. Many Indian travellers in the East Coast are likely to shift locations till they get a chance to take a flight back. Tour operators confirmed that many of those scheduled to fly this week are now rescheduling their trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17031839", "title": "Nitin Gadkari cancels Himachal poll campaign", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014238", "title": "Drunk, rowdy Metro riders could face fine, jail term", "text": "NEW DELHI: Next time you board the Metro in an inebriated state, be on your best behaviour or else prepare to be fined. For the first time since the inception of Delhi Metro, Delhi Police has launched a crackdown on drunk travellers creating nuisance inside coaches. The 'Drunken Travelling Drive' began on October 12 and in just 18 days, 141 passengers have been challaned . Most of them were found misbehaving under the influence of alcohol.The campaign was started following complaints of rowdy elements from passengers , and police personnel observing that groups of young boys often talk loudly and misbehave with others inside the trains.\"We have noticed that many commuters travel under the influence of alcohol. Boys travel in numbers to avoid checking by traffic cops on roads. The drive has been launched with an aim to make the Metro ride safe and hassle-free for passengers ,\" said DCP, crime branch, SBS Tyagi.Police personnel in plain clothes are deployed in all the six lines of Delhi Metro, along with DMRC officials .At present, six police teams comprising five officers each have been tasked with the responsibility. If the cops spot any drunk person creating problems for others, talking loudly or using foul language while chatting with their companions , the passenger is told to cough up a fine of Rs 200 and thrown out of the train.Offenders are being challaned under Section 59 of DMRC's Operations and Maintenance Act. If required , they can even be booked under harsher charges and sent to jail, say officials. Of the 141 people challaned, most were caught from Yamuna Bank Metro Station - 58. Qutab Minar came second with 38 prosecutions, followed by Kashmere Gate with 23, Raja Garden with 15 and Kalkaji with 7.\"There have been instances of drunk men even barging inside the women's compartment. Our men cover all important locations. The drive is carried out at the peak hours but we extend it to afternoons as well. It is getting a good response ,\" said Sanjay Bhatia , additional DCP, crime and railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013465", "title": "Youths cash in on realty boom", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Srikant Rout embarked on a career in real estate in 2007 after toiling hard in banking and share market business. Five years hence he is an entrepreneur having his own company. It is a young company but is providing employment to at least 25 promising youths. His is a case not in isolation. Young entrepreneurs are foraying into real estate and their success mantra is aggressive marketing. Lured by quick bucks, young and enterprising youths are out to make a career in realty sector.According to a back-of-the-envelope calculation, there are around 150 young entrepreneurs in the capital city who are into fast-growing lucrative real estate business. And under them are working around 2,000 youths dreaming high. Bhubaneswar's real estate is estimated at nearly Rs 15,000 crore. Of this, big realtors account for 30% business while young and middle-level companies are doing hefty business cornering the rest 70%.While the big realtors are mostly outsourcing the marketing part, the small companies are hiring youths. Change in demand-supply ratio in the realty sector has pushed it forward, said Srikant. \"Ten years ago there was more demand and less supply but now supply is more and demand is less. This has prompted the young entrepreneurs to recruit more youths to keep the market warming up,\" said Srikant.The attraction of youths to real estate market is a recent phenomenon. And they are driven by quick money, said Gyan Ranjan Darshan, a realtor, who established his company 15 years ago. \"In real estate business, commission is very high. We also offer the youths performance-based incentives like laptops and trendy gadgets which they can't get easily in other sectors,\" said Darshan. He said youths are leaving many good jobs to cash in on the real estate boom. The companies engage youth selling flats, collecting revenue, maintaining clientele data and the like. Darshan said many big companies, who are outsourcing the marketing part, seek the services of these youths indirectly.Real estate suits the new-age youths. \"I was into insurance having same kind of marketing as in real estate. My earning was not in proportion to the work I used to put in. In the realty market, the earning is manifold,\" said Sudhakar Das, a youth, who is working as a marketing head of a realty firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012791", "title": "Chartered accountant helps his parents sell vegetables", "text": "CHENNAI: He is a qualified chartered accountant earning 45,000 a month, but that has not stopped D Manikandan from doing what he has been doing for long \u00e2\u20ac\u201d help his mother D Lakshmi, 45, arrange vegetables on her tricycle.His father Dhanaraj loads spinach leaves on another tricycle. \"Every morning, my mother goes to Koyambedu and returns with vegetables, spinach and other groceries in a mini-van and unloads them on the roadside on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai. By then, I am there and help them arrange vegetables and spinach on their vehicles,\" says the 24-year-old who recently joined Sundaram BPO India Limited as assistant manager ( finance ).\"It is my life and has sustained our family. Why should I think it is a menial job,\" he asks. He who walks from his house in Ramakrishna Puram, Mylapore a pavement in front of a hospital on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai to wait for his mother to return from Koyambedu.After his parents set off on their rounds \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they traverse the streets of Gopalapuram and Royapettah and return home at 3pm \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he walks back home to get ready for office. Lakshmi and Dhanaraj have regular customers in their area as their vegetables and groceries are fresh everyday.Manikandan, who scored 450 out of 500 in Class 10 and 1,057 of 1,200 in Class 12, while a student of PS Higher Secondary School in Mylapore, is remembered with pride by his teachers. Says K Ganesan, a retired post-graduate assistant in commerce at PS Senior Higher Secondary School, \"he was one of the most obedient boys in school and helped others during lunch hours. I am proud of what he has achieved.\"Others in the area talk warmly about Manikandan. C Krishnaprasad, 62, a resident of Lloyds Road, says, \"I have known Lakshmi for seven years. She recently told me her son had completed his CA recently. Lakshmi is very popular in the Gopalapuram area. Several supermarkets have come up but Lakshmi continues to do her business.\"Dhanaraj, a native of Puduchery, married Lakshmi of Villupuram 30 years ago. They settled in Mylapore and have been selling vegetables since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014326", "title": "Man let off after daylong detention", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man, who was sentenced to five days in jail by a magisterial court for riding his two-wheeler in an inebriated condition, has been let off by a sessions court after a daylong detention till rising of the court.District judge A K Chawla released west Delhi resident Nadim after the man had moved an appeal before the court challenging the magisterial order. The court let him off modifying the magisterial court order and saying that he was only 20 years old and had no criminal background.In its order, the court also considered the assurance given by Nadim that he will not indulge in any such act in the future . \"Counsel for the appellant has strenuously contended that the appellant is a young boy aged about 20 years and studying in Class XII. Counsel for the appellant further contended that the appellant has no previous criminal antecedents,\" the court said.The court noted that Nadim has assured the court that he shall not indulge into any such act of drunk driving in future. \"The order on sentence of five days simple imprisonment is modified to the extent of sentence till the rising of the court,\" the district judge said.According to the prosecution , Nadim was caught riding his motorcycle under the influence of alcohol on February 17 night this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017197", "title": "Bond films aren't ready for a black 007, says Noel Clarke", "text": "British director Noel Clarke has slammed actor Idris Elba's chances of being named the next James Bond , claiming that the spy series isn't ready for a black 007.It was recently confirmed that 'The Wire' star Elba had met with movie chiefs to discuss taking over when current Bond Daniel Craig steps down, the Sun reported.But Clarke, who stars in new flick 'Storage 24,' said last week: \"I feel like the pressure, and I'm not a racist or a militant, the pressure of being the first black Bond would be so much, it would kill the person that did it.\"\"I feel there'd be so many people against it,\" he said.He went on to explain that he didn't think Elba - or any non-white actor - would be chosen, explaining: \"I don't know if he'll get it. I don't know if he'd get it, I don't know if any of us would get it.\"\"I feel like, if anyone's likely to get it, it would be him. But I feel like the pressure of it would be like - why would you put yourself through that?\"And I can picture it, in ten years time they've changed it. 'No, he was 007, but he wasn't actually Bond.' One hundred per cent, I still feel like that's there,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17013342", "title": "Easy Pak visas for Punjab, Haryana HC lawyers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court lawyers wishing to visit Pakistan can now get one-year multiple entry visas without any hassles. The visas would be subjected to the recommendation of the court's bar association president.Interior minister Rehman Malik conveyed the Pakistani government's decision in this regard to a visiting Punjab and Haryana high court lawyers' delegation last week. He said the privilege would be extended only to Chandigarh-based bar members only.Punjab and Haryana High Court Bar Association president K S Dhaliwal said he would write to the Union government seeking similar move for the Lahore high court lawyers to help normalize relations between the two countries.This comes a month after India and Pakistan announced that they would ease tough visa restrictions to promote people-to-people contact.Malik, who had hosted a dinner for the delegation, granted lifetime visa to lawyer Ripudaman Singh Roop after his poem 'Ittan' impressed and moved him.The delegation had visited Pakistan from October 19 to October 25 to attend an international conference on `Peace through Law' at Lahore. The Supreme Court Bar Association of Pakistan had organized the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17011659", "title": "Politics best profession to grow rich", "text": "It is a commonly accepted fact that becoming a politician today is the best-known profession that one can opt for, if one aspires to become a crorepati in the shortest possible time. This has been proved time and again with published statistics of the declared assets of not only our elected MLAs, but also of MPs. It is therefore no surprise that 37 out of 40 Goa MLAs are corepatis with assets that have multiplied hundred to a thousandfold in a short span of five years. One hopes they could share some of their secrets with the common man. It also becomes pertinent to question whether in this prevailing scenario of wealth and pomp there is any justification to hike the salaries and perks of our MLAs to more than double of what they were earlier enjoying, when the common man is struggling to make ends meet.AF NazarethMake miners payWe see some morchas by mining dependent people giving the Goa government an ultimatum for meeting their demands. Why have we not seen till date, morchas to the addresses of the actual thieves-the few privileged mining kingpins who have actually looted the state and destroyed the environment. Instead of taking the thieves to task, it appears that some people are to happy to continue burdening the state and destroying the environment. The bottom line is that an already devastated Goa can't take any more destruction and the thieves must pay up.Arwin MesquitaII AITUC general secretary Christopher Fonseca is reported as being concerned that \"people, associated with mining-related businesses are facing great hardship due to the halting of mining operations in the state.\" The \"people\" as described, seem to include mining-related businesses, trade union leaders representing the mining workers and other stakeholders. AITUC seems highly confident they are in a favoured position to defend the interests of the employers, the large mining corporations, the fleet owning truckers, the barge owners, the banks as well as the mining workers. Where will the mine workers be slotted in this list? More interesting is the condemnation of the state government for creating the mess, no doubt , suffering from some amnesiac syndrome that this mess was prodded on by the mine owners. Further they seemingly put their trust in the judiciary to resolve the problem, and make a half-hearted call for a signing of a petition. Those sadly forgotten, by AITUC, are the \"real\" people-the villagers, the tribals and the Goan people. The damage done to the livelihoods and health of people living in the mining belt, and to the land is irreversible. They need to be compensated and must be the first priority. They have sacrificed their lives for the people of Goa.John Fernandes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014103", "title": "Die cast for elections: Sheila stays in saddle", "text": "NEW Delhi: The cabinet reshuffle at the Centre has set the stage for the 2013 assembly polls too. With the Congress high command deciding not to move chief minister Sheila Dikshit to the Centre, it is evident that the the three-times CM will have to steer the ship for the assembly elections.On the other hand, elevation of New Delhi MP and UPA-II minister Ajay Maken to cabinet rank, with the ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation portfolio, not only gives him a stronger role at the Centre but also more say in matters pertaining to Delhi politics. Dikshit and Maken, a former Delhi MLA and minister, have strained relations with the latter often projected as a candidate fit to take over as CM in the future. Many of the issues that Maken's new ministry deals with relate to important projects of UPA-II , including housing for the economically weaker sections.While regularization of unauthorized colonies continues to be a major plank for the state government in order to woo the 40 lakh odd voters from the weaker sections and lower middle class, Dikshit is now preparing to reach out to the middle and upper middle classes too. The launch of infrastructure projects like the second phase of the Barapullah elevated road and transport projects like monorail in East Delhi in the months ahead is intended to do just that. Dikshit has time till September next year the elections are scheduled for later that year.She is learnt to be now gearing up for some administrative reorganization and consolidation within her government . In September, she had undertaken a reshuffle in her cabinet. The move was aimed at stamping out opposition and redistributing portfolios so that a team was in place to deliver projects with an eye on the 2013 polls.According to sources, because of allegations of scams and the general atmosphere against any kind of corruption , following the 2010 Commonwealth Games, the bureaucracy has developed cold feet and most officials are reluctant to take decisions. Dikshit plans to start a process of departmental reviews to get officials to give clearances and kickstart projects on the ground. Focus on maintenance of infrastructure like streetlights, roads and landscaping is going to be a priority. This city makeover is seen to be critical for Dikshit , considering the fact that the corruption tirade has hit her government's image. Gaining lost ground with the middle class is now critical for her.Earlier this month, TOI had reported that commenting on the buzz about the possibility of a role at the Centre, Dikshit had said she would abide by the decision of the leadership. \"Whatever role the high command has for me, Iwill take up,\" the CM had told TOI. The die is now cast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012046", "title": "I earn enough to choose who I want to train with: Raina", "text": "MUMBAI: Suresh Raina earns a cool $1.3 million to be a part of the Chennai Super Kings in the IPL every year. He is in Grade A of the list of centrally contracted Indian cricketers that makes him richer by an additional Rs 1 crore. If he plays all formats, he stands to gain Rs 50 lakhs more as additional match fees. Add to that the money that gets transferred into his bank account for endorsing numerous products and the figure gets impressive.The earnest cricketer that he is, the southpaw also knows how to use all that money well. He wants to invest it in improving his craft.The southpaw is even keen to hire coaches who will give him individual attention. This is where Pravin Amre comes into the picture. Raina has been having individual batting sessions with the former Mumbai coach to improve his game.\"I'm earning a lot of money through cricket and I can choose who I want to train with. If I'm not fit, I can ask doctors or physios at the NCA to come and train me for two months. When you are making a lot of money, why shouldn't you hire a specialist who can help you out? With so many formats (Tests, ODIs, T20s), it gets difficult to analyse your game. You need someone to observe you and guide you. Look at sports like tennis, the coach always travels with the sportsperson,\" Raina pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013822", "title": "Cong, CPM attack Mamata on port row", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government came under joint attack from the Congress and the CPM on Monday, with both accused it of letting the Haldia port imbroglio slip out of hand by its refusal to intervene even as Trinamool Congress workers were accused of kidnapping three officials of a private firm along with the wife and child of one.Former minister Manas Bhunia asked whether the \"mysterious silence\" of the government was at anyone's behest, adding that he had already spoken to Union shipping minister G K Vasan and intended to brief Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on it.\"Doesn't the state government realise the implications if the problem is allowed to persist? If they choose to be silent, I'll have to seek the urgent intervention of the Prime Minister and shipping minister. I have already spoken to the latter at length over this,\" said Bhunia, who will leave for New Delhi on November 2.Opposition leader in the assembly, Surjya Kanta Mishra, dubbed it \"hooliganism\". \"People with faces covered by monkey caps are kidnapping people. Are criminals having a free run?\" said the CPM politburo member.On Sunday, Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd lodged a police complaint alleging that the three company officials were abducted earlier in the day, though East Midnapore police chief Sukesh Jain said preliminary probe did not corroborate the claim. Trade union leaders, who have been preventing HBT from resuming operations at berths 2 and 8 without reinstating the 275 workers sacked in September, also denied any role.Trinamool MP Subhendu Adhikari reacted sharply to the attack. \"It's good that Bhunia will speak to the Prime Minister. If he is so concerned about the port, ask him to talk to Singh about the non-release of subsidy for dredging. If he wants, he can also speak about the Odisha government's recent step to stop transloading at Kanika Sands,\" he said.\"They can raise genuine issues instead of giving importance to a firm that is keener on fomenting trouble and hogging media headlines than doing business,\" fumed Adhikari.Bhunia, on the other hand, wondered why the government was yet to hold a meeting with all the stakeholders to resolve the issue. \"I have been meeting all of them, barring the INTTUC that refused. I also spoke to KoPT chairman Manish Jain, who told me that they have sought the state government's help. Why is the latter silent then? Why isn't it even holding a tripartite meeting with the stakeholders,\" he questioned.\"Is it good for Bengal that Haldia port is handling less cargo?\" Bhunia went on. \"Forget its 50 MT capacity, it handled 43.5 MT of cargo in 2007-08; now it has dropped to 31 MT. Whose interest is it serving? On Sunday, three officials were abducted along with a woman and child. Why are no arrests being made? What message are we sending out to investors?\"Adhikari retorted: \"People know whose interest Bhunia serves and his proximity to (CPM strongman) Laxman Seth.\" Bhunia, however, maintained he \"didn't want to make it a political issue\" and was only keen that the matter was resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012542", "title": "Faizabad riots, attempt to discredit govt: Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday termed the communal riots in Faizabad as an attempt to discredit the Samajwadi Party government and said that the clashes were a part of a 'well-planned conspiracy' by vested interests to divert people's attention from the welfare work undertaken by the government.Speaking on the sidelines of a civil-military liaison conference, Akhilesh in response to a question about the perceived administrative lapse in combating communal violence, said that the government was taken by surprise with the speed at which communal tensions escalated in Faizabad. The chief minister also asserted that the administration was quick to react and for their failure to apprehend the situation the additional district magistrate and superintendent of police (city) were also suspended immediately.On Wednesday, riots broke out in Faizabad when two communities clashed over the immersion of idols of Goddess Durga in Rakabganj and Chowk areas. Several shops and vehicles were gutted during the violence that followed.Attending the first civil-military liaison conference being held in the state since 2008, Akhilesh said that he would consider the Army's request to reduce Value Added Tax on electronic goods sold at Army's Canteen Stores Department. A similar proposal to increase the quota of trade tax exemption for Armymen purchasing two-wheelers and four-wheelers will also be considered, Akhilesh said.The CM also said that UP government would help the army clear squatters from Army land in all cantonment areas, and would send a proposal to the Centre requesting to bring all cantonment areas under the ambit of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).In addition to offer land for setting up Sainik School in UP, Akhilesh also said that the state government would support all army recruitment rallies. Presiding over the meeting along with GOC-in-C Central Command, Lt Gen Anil Chait, Akhilesh, along with chief secretary Jawed Usmani and other top bureaucrats discussed a range of issues concerning the army and the state.Promising to lend support to the state government during the Kumbh Mela scheduled in Allahabad in January 2013, Lt Gen Anil Chait said, \"UP is home to three lakh trained and disciplined ex-servicemen with unique skill sets who can be included into the government and industry after suitable reorientation and re-engineering of their skills.\"The Army commander also said that the Army runs four ASHA schools for differently-abled children; a facility that can be extended to civilians based on capacity. With a large number of vacancies arising in the officers' cadre, Chait also offered to provide technical assistance to the state administration in establishing 'finishing schools' and coaching centres to train youth to join the armed forces.Chait also requested the state government to consider exempting armed forces personnel from paying house tax and stamp duty. He also requested the state to strengthen the delivery mechanism by invigorating the Districts Soldiers Welfare Board and asked the state government to meet the military's requirement of infrastructure needed to raise additional forces during the next plan period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012099", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar gets into Ranji Trophy mode", "text": "MUMBAI: As Team India prepares for a tough battle against England on home soil, Sachin Tendulkar is getting ready to walk alone, as always. On Monday, when he walked out to bat in the nets at the Wankhede Stadium, warming up for Mumbai's Ranji match against the Railways from November 2-5, there was absolutely no deviation from the standard routine on the maestro's part.At 9.30 am sharp, the team arrived for the nets and there was Tendulkar along with them, padded up, with six bats in tow, walking out to face a barrage of young bowlers in the nets. Having done that over the last two decades, he was out here early morning, once again going through the toil. It didn't seem as if the young net bowlers had been given any specific instructions and Tendulkar went about knocking rigorously, even facing Mumbai Ranji captain Ajit Agarkar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012311", "title": "Placement rate sees engineering colleges ignore AICTE", "text": "HYDERABAD: Institutions in the state can function without the approval of the highest accreditation agency for technical education in the country, the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), or so it seems. While AICTE last week issued a list of 43 colleges which are functioning without accreditation from it, the state government has failed to issue showcause notices to even one of these institutions. The colleges will thus continue to function, as of now, enjoying their autonomous status while conducting examinations and making placements, releasing results and even granting degrees without approval from AICTE.Although four of these institutions - Indian School of Business (ISB), Badruka Institute of Foreign Trade, Indian Institute of Planning and Management (IIPM) and CYGMAX Institute of Management Studies (part of ICFAI university, Tripura) - which have been running their management courses since the past one decade in the cityhave refused to be too worried about their lack of AICTE disapproval, about 12 others have contacted the state's technical education department stating that they had already applied for accreditation in an attempt to have the legal proceedings against them stalled for a while.Officials in the state's technical education department said that since these colleges lacked AICTE approval, they should refrain from taking in new entrants. However, since most of these institutions are autonomous bodies which do not negotiate with the state's technical education wing, no action can be initiated against them. Observers said that with successful placements at the top institutes, students were hardly going to keep away from these institutions. \"Each year, we have been boasting of 100% placements and our student strength has not reduced,\" said an official at the Badruka Institute of Foreign Trade.IIPM and CYGMAX, too, have been announcing good placements over the past few years. \"While AICTE can stop the institutions from functioning, the fact that they have good industry tie-ups cannot be ignored. These institutions have been providing good placements to their students. Some of them have even been in touch with AICTE to update us about the quality of education being provided by them,\" said an AICTE official.However, Osmania University, under whose purview come 15 blacklisted institutes from that list, on Monday issued notices to these asking them to stop functioning without accreditation. \"The colleges have to take approval first and then approach the university for its nod; They will not be allowed to function otherwise,\" said Pratap Reddy, director, academics and planning, OU.Officials pointed out that some of the blacklisted institutions have not been attracting students since the past few years. \"Their fee structure is high and the quality of education poor. Some of them might even shut shop in the coming academic year,\" said an official from the Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU). AICTE, on Monday, put up a new notice asking institutions lacking approval to apply to it for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016799", "title": "Fame has made Susan Boyle a more confident person", "text": "Scottish singer Susan Boyle took the world by storm when she participated in the TV reality show, Britain's Got Talent in 2009.Boyle's first album, which released in November 2009, made its debut as the number one best-selling album on charts around the globe. And now the star says that her international fame has made her a more well rounded and confident person.The I Dreamed A Dream singer admits that when she first hit the spotlight, she found it tough to handle the success but has since calmed down and is enjoying the space where she is in currently.\"When you suddenly have it all, you can get yourself in a fluster. People you've never met are coming at you and you think, 'help!' But now it fits firmly on my shoulders and I'm more relaxed. I understand why I have to do certain things and take them in my stride. I've calmed down and feel more confident. I've really blossomed. I love travelling, meeting people, wearing nice clothes, the whole package,\" admitted Boyle recently. \"I do normal stuff at home. I watch TV, listen to music, and I'm learning to play the piano,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17011398", "title": "Industrial hazardous waste to be disposed off at Dharbandora", "text": "PANAJI: Industrial hazardous waste which did not have a proper disposal facility, will now be disposed of at Dharbandora. The government on Monday directed the Industrial Waste Management Association of Goa to begin the construction of common hazardous waste treatment storage and disposal facilities.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar held a meeting with the association members, officials of the industrial development corporation (IDC), directorate of industries, the Goa state pollution control board, water resources department and South Goa additional collector. Sources present at the meeting confirmed that Parrikar has directed the association to \"immediately start work on the common hazardous waste treatment storage and disposal facilities at Dharbandora\".On April 16, 2008, the state government notified land admeasuring 1, 10,390 sq m in survey No. 193/3 of Dharbandora for a common hazardous waste treatment, storage and disposal facility for industries.The IDC had obtained an environment clearance (EC) for setting up a hazardous disposal facility in 2008, which will expire on February 19, 2013. If the EC validity expires, then the government will once again have to go through the entire procedure to acquire a new EC.\"The government is going through the process of handing over the land to the association and once it gets possession of the land, then we will prepare a detailed project report,\" said association president Joseph D'Souza.Two major companies which generate a huge quantity of hazardous waste have been shut down in the state. At present, 6,500 metric tonnes per annum (MTA) of hazardous waste is generated by 130 industries. Of which, 5,500 MTA is disposed of at their own disposal site at Cuncolim.The state accumulates around 2,000 MTA of hazardous waste which would be disposed of at the new facility at Dharbandora, said sources. Goa's industrial hazardous waste is also disposed of at Taloja, Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013096", "title": "Youth falls to death in Mukundnagar", "text": "PUNE: A youth, suspected to be a thief, who had climbed to the 11th floor of an under-construction building in Mukundnagar to escape chasing policemen and irate people, accidentally fell off from the height and died on the spot.The incident took place near Zambre Palace on Monday around 8 am. Police are yet to ascertain his identity.Speaking to TOI, senior police inspector of Swargate police station Ram Pathare said that on Monday morning, the suspect around 25 years of age entered a printing press owned by Santosh Suresh Khatpe (28) of Maharshinagar. Khatpe lives on the first floor of the unit. \"When he noticed the unidentified person inside the press, he raised an alarm,\" Pathare said.When the youth came out of the press and began to run, Khatpe alerted some youths and they all began to chase him. \"Two beat marshals of Swargate police station reached the spot and joined the chase,\" Pathare said.The suspect then entered the under-construction building and climbed to the 11th floor. \"Rammilan Rameshwarprasad Vishwakarma, a carpenter who was working on the site, saw the suspect inside the building,\" he said.Pathare said people heard a loud sound at the back of the building. \"They rushed to find the youth lying in a pool of blood. We do not know who he was or how he fell. We are investigating,\" Pathare said.Police have asked people to contact the Swargate police station if they have any information about the youth. They can dial 020-24452769 to give information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17014057", "title": "Disaster management exercise in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: With participation of national and international emergency experts, the Guwahati Emergency Management Exercise (GEMEx) - a joint emergency management programme - kicked off here on Monday.The week-long programme, initiated by the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) in collaboration with Assam State Disaster Management Authority and District Disaster Management Authority Kamrup (Metro) district, is the highest level of emergency management exercise ever conducted in the country after Mumbai and Chennai.\"According to the 2012 World Disaster Report, 15 million people across the world are displaced by natural and technical disasters every year. As many as 50,000 people are killed by earthquakes every year in the world. Flood affects the lives of 99 million people across the globe every year. Training to combat disasters has become crucial in view of such high number of causalities,\" said Margarita Tileva, the chief of emergencies, Unicef.She has put thrust on getting prepared to combat disasters as India has witnessed 431 different kinds of disasters in the last three decades. Tileva added that precautionary measures to make the people ready should be undertaken in India where 5,000 people are dying due to disasters every year.Citing the example of India, Tileva said all agencies must equip themselves since 49 million people are affected by disasters in India every year. Till the conclusion of GEMEx, 2012, on Sunday, a series of trainings on emergency medical services, hospital emergency management, emergency nursing services, etc will be provided by 65 national and international faculties. Muzaffar Ahmad, a member of NDMA, expressed hope that GEMEx will play a key role in training the people of the state on how to respond during emergency. \"Unplanned development can be disastrous during the earthquake or any other disaster today as population of cities is increasing at a rapid pace due to migration of people,\" said Ahmad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17012883", "title": "Officials don't give a damn to deadlines, poor be damned", "text": "PATNA: Deadlines set by seniors are not sacrosanct in Bihar even during the 'sushasan', or good governance, of the Nitish Kumar government.Distribution of ration cards among BPL (below poverty line) families) is a case in point. Earlier this month, food and consumer protection department's joint secretary Jayashankar Yadav wrote to the divisional commissioners and district magistrates, \"... on January 10, 2011 it was directed to complete the process of distribution of ration cards by the month end. Though the department has received reports claiming more than 90% cards have been distributed, the inspection of ground realities and complaints from different corners have revealed that most of the surveyed families (of 2006) haven't received them, which is a matter of grave concern.\" Yadav's letter on October 4 asked the officials to complete the distribution of cards within ten days.Ironically, the January 10 letter, written by the then principal secretary of the department Tripurari Sharan, had also followed the failure of the district officials to meet the earlier deadline and even an extended deadline of March 3, 2010.Yadav's ten-day deadline expired on October 14. When TOI contacted him three days later, he admitted he hadn't received any response from the officials concerned. When told people had been suffering because of the department's apathy for the last four years, all he could say was, \"We are trying to expedite the process. The erring officials will be punished.\"Senior PUCL functionary Kishori Das, who has taken up the cudgels on behalf of the BPL families, is livid. \"Even those who have been issued cards are suffering. For, the particulars in the cards don't match the government records,\" he said.Take this: Mahesh Manjhi of the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC)'s Bankipore circle has his father's name as Late Ankul Manjhi in his 'antyodaya card' but Ganga Sahu in the BPL list of PMC records. Raghunath Das has Gurucharan Das as his father's name in the card but Hirendra Prasad Singh in the BPL list.Ganesh Manjhi's father's name is Ankur Manjhi in the card and Late Krishna Prasad in the BPL list.Theirs are not one-off cases, Das said and added the situation was no better in the PMC's other circles.The 'antodaya' scheme entitles the extremely poor families to 14kg of wheat at Rs 2 per kg and 21kg of rice at Rs 3 per kg every month besides other facilities. Deprived of the wheat and rice, the card holders do not know what to do. \"The officials now say my card is bogus,\" said Geeta Devi. Mahesh Manjhi added, \"I was denied rebate on school fee of my child because the official concerned threw out my card saying its details didn't match with those on the BPL list.\"The plight of the poor notwithstanding, officials are busy fudging figures to please seniors. In a review meeting on April 16, 2010, the Bankipore circle executive officer reported to the PMC commissioner that 12,000 cards had been distributed. Five days later on April 21, 2010, the Bankipore circle revenue officer reported to his senior, the EO, that only 400 cards had been distributed so far.Patna district magistrate Sanjay Kumar Singh, however, sought to downplay the issue. \"The process of distribution of ration cards is on. As for the discrepancies, we correct them as and when they are brought to our notice,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17012478", "title": "Cellphone defence wards off 3 thieves", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was his presence of mind that not only prevented a theft but also helped police nab one of the three thieves who had broken into his house. Anurag Mehta, a builder who stays at Hariashray Bungalows near Sola-Shilaj Road, managed to outwit a gang of three burglars who had broken into his bungalow early on Monday.According to Sola police officials, Mehta, his wife Kavita, two children and parents got the fright of their life at 1:45 am when Kavita heard suspicious movements in their one-storey bungalow. Narrating the incident, Mehta told TOI: \"I deduced that there were more than one burglar at work. I did not know if they were armed and if I tried to confront them on my own, I would be overpowered quickly. I could hear them opening a cupboard and rummaging through the belongings,\" he said.Mehta then got an idea and put his and his wife's mobile phones on silent mode and started sending SMSes and making muffled calls to his neighbours, urging them to gather outside his bungalow to help nab the thieves. When his neighbours gave him the green signal, Mehta put the final part of his plan into action - he started shouting at the top of his voice.\"As I expected, the thieves made a dash to get out of the bungalow and were confronted by my neighbours armed with lathis. One of the burglars was caught while two others managed to get away in the dark. They had already emptied a school bag to carry stolen goods and had rummaged through the goods kept in various cupboards. It was fortunate that the thieves did not break into the bedroom on the ground floor where my parents were asleep,\" said Mehta.NR Dave, sub-inspector of Sola police station, said that the man caught by the denizens is Raja Meena alias Babu, 32, a native of Dungarpur, Rajasthan. He identified his two accomplices as Surya Meena and Ranjit Meena. \"The trio was living in the city for more than a year and we suspect that they used to target the bungalows on isolated spots. So far, he has maintained that they are not involved in any other thefts. We are hunting for the two others,\" said Dave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013118", "title": "Board to study draft for RTE in pre-school, secondary education", "text": "PUNE: The much-anticipated extension of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, to the pre-school and secondary education may still take time to come through.The act, which at present covers primary and upper primary schools, provides for free and compulsory education to children between the ages of six and 14 and directs government, aided and non-minority unaided schools to reserve 25% of the seats for poor children. In April, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutional validity of the act.In June 2011, the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE), which is the country's highest advisory body for education and is headed by the HRD minister, had constituted a sub-committee to examine the feasibility of bringing pre-school and secondary education under the RTE Act. The sub-committee had also been tasked with preparing a draft legislation for the same.Two independent drafting panels of the CABE sub-committee have since prepared the draft frameworks. The panels have highlighted issues that need to be addressed through a wider consultation involving all stakeholders, including the state governments. The draft frameworks and the sub-committee's feedback are due for review at the CABE's meeting on November 1.The drafting panels, headed by education ministers of Madhya Pradesh and Haryana for pre-school and secondary education, respectively, were set up after the CABE sub-committee members felt that issues related to teachers' recruitment at various levels, curriculum preparation for teacher educators and financial allocations needed to be scrutinised.The HRD ministry is also keen to link the pre-school initiative to the integrated child development scheme (ICDS) being implemented by the ministry of women and child development. In the context of legislation, the existing regulatory framework for secondary education that involves a large number of private sector institutions also needed to be looked into, according to the members.At the CABE sub-committee's meeting on October 10, Madhya Pradesh education minister Archana Chitnis told members that the drafting panel had deliberated on issues related to the entry age for pre-schools, qualifications and capacity-building of teachers for pre-schools, focus on child-centred pedagogy; play-way method and holistic development as critical elements of pre-school education, and the need for effective coordination with ICDS.Geeta Bhukkal, education minister of Haryana, called for detailed deliberations on the assessment of existing infrastructure, coverage of age of children in the secondary education (15-16 or 15-18) and duration of secondary education (std IX-X or std IX-XII). Similarly, she sought deliberations on appointment of additional teachers as per new pupil-teacher ratio norm, which would be fixed if RTE is extended to secondary education.Bhukkal called for consultation with state governments on issues like the norms on opening new schools, infrastructure, teacher recruitment etc, with the NCERT on curriculum and with the NCTE for qualification of teacher appointment, teacher eligibility test, teacher training institutes, role and regulatory mechanism of the private sector.She said, detailed deliberations are required on issues such as abolition of board exams, parents' views on 'no detention policy' and no denial of admission around the year, free admission in private school to disadvantaged category, coverage of children with special needs, formation and functioning of School Management Committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17014033", "title": "Ranchi women avoid clinical tests, all-men sonography centres to blame for this", "text": "RANCHI: Ananya Dasgupta, a corporate communications manager in a Delhi-based mobile company, prefers to undergo medical check-ups in the national capital instead of her hometown Ranchi. She had an uneasy experience as a teenager here when she had to visit an x-ray clinic, which was manned only by male technicians.She is not the only person to to have faced embarrassment because of an acute dearth of women medical experts in general and paramedical staff in particular. Shahnaz, another resident of the city, refused to undergo ultrasonography (USG) at a prominent private hospital here when she found out that the doctor and his assistants were men.The former national vice-president of the Indian Medical Association, Ajay Kumar, said till a few years ago even the department of gynaecology and obstetrics was dominated by male doctors. \"Not only government hospitals, even prominent private medical colleges and hospitals have male gynaecologists till date.\"Citing examples of the Sikkim Manipal University of Medical Sciences, where the department of gynaecology is headed by a male doctor, he said problems and complaints of patients emerge in the Hindi belt where people seek modern medical facilities but are not ready to do away with tradition.Women, however, argued that healthcare centres dominated by men not only cause embarrassment, but also harassment. Shalini Kumar, who works for a local NGO dealing in women's rights, said, \"Women are often subjected to harassment in the name of medical investigation. We understand that it is not possible to have a separate system for women but the issue needs to be addressed by the government and private medical institutions,\" she said.Rachit Bhushan, a doctor with Apollo Hospital here, said in their hospital male gynaecologists and radiology experts are usually assisted by nurses. \"It is to save our own skin that we prefer to have at least two women staff in the room where medical investigations are being carried out because the doctor could be in danger of being charged with misbehaviour,\" he said.He admitted that in rural pockets, where there is a dearth of nurses and women paramedical staff, doctors have to often ask women patients to call their family members. He felt urban clinics urgently needed women paramedical staff.Sometimes the complaint is community-specific and doctors run the risk of being manhandled. One doctor with a city-based nursing home shared his experience where the husband of a pregnant woman was enraged to learn that a male doctor was conducting the USG test. \"I would have been beaten black and blue that day had it not been for some senior family members of the patient,\" he said, adding that since then he makes it a point to inform the husband before sending a patient for USG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014258", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of woman entrepreneur", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 32-year-old woman was found dead at her Dwarka Sector-3 apartment on October 23. Yet, even after a week, police have not been able to make much headway in the case. The fact that the woman had lodged a case of dowry harassment against her in-laws on October 16 has only added to the mystery.Akanksha Rathi was the director of a reputed iron and steel company and had even been conferred the 'Outstanding Entrepreneurship Award 2009' at the Asia Pacific Entrepreneurship Awards. She was married to Aniruddh Rathi, who belonged to the family that owned the company and who died on September 4 in Indore of cardiac arrest. Akanksha was looking after the Indore unit of the company at that time. She was morose after her husband's demise, so her father brought her to Delhi and she began to live at his flat in Sansad Vihar apartments.Last Tuesday, police said, Akanksha's father found her lifeless body on the bed with a dupatta tightly wrapped around her neck. He rushed her to the hospital nevertheless , and it was the hospital that alerted the cops. Cops assumed she committed suicide, but couldn't conduct postmortem for three days as her family waited for her brother to fly in from the US. The report is awaited. A source also said that she may have died of a sleeping pill overdose; but a source in Indore police informed that they got an anonymous call on Saturday and the caller claimed Akanksha had an unnatural death.Meanwhile, TOI published an obituary ad of Akanksha on Monday.DIG Indore A Sai Manohar told this newspaper that a police team had been sent to Delhi for investigation. He also confirmed the registration of a dowry harassment case against Akanksha's in-laws . Police have initiated inquest proceedings under Section 174 CrPc (unnatural death).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012665", "title": "Mhada flats do not attract VAT: Tax, legal experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Buyers who purchased under-construction Mhada flats in the past six years may not have to pay the value added tax (VAT).Legal and tax consultants have told Mhada that its projects do not attract VAT. The reason: Unlike in private transactions, Mhada does not enter into any sale agreement with its buyers. Mhada issues allotment letter to buyers after it has received the entire flat cost in maximum three installments.The law states that builders will have to pay a 5% VAT on sale of properties between 2006 and 2010. The VAT post 2010 will be 1% of the cost of the property.\"In private transactions, a developer enters into an agreement to sale with the buyer after receiving a certain amount of the total flat cost of the under-construction flat. A sale deed is registered after the full flat cost is paid,\" said a Mhada official.Mhada, however, is still playing cautious. \"Though we are firm in our view and believe our buyers, majority from the middle class, should not be taxed. The sales tax department has not sent any notice to us for VAT payment,\" the official added.\"We are focusing on private developers. We do, however, believe Mhada and Cidco will have to pay VAT,\" said a tax official. Tanaji Satre, Cidco vice-chairman, said prima facie he believes VAT is not applicable on them, but he has to check.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012952", "title": "Cop disobeys court order, censured", "text": "CHENNAI: An inspector of police, who failed to execute a non-bailable arrest warrant against an actress and arrest her in compliance with a Madras HC order, has earned censure from the court.Justice T Mathivanan, though convinced that inspector Mohandoss, attached to Mylaport police station here, had indeed disobeyed the court's order dated March 22, let off the cop with censure 'considering his official position, family background and career'. The order, however, did not elaborate the mitigating circumstances which came to the aid of the inspector, who would have otherwise faced stiffer punishments including imprisonment.The matter relates to a loan taken by actor S Swarna from film financier S Mukanchand Bothra. The financier initiated court proceedings against her after she failed to return the sum. On March 22, the court directed the Mylapore police to arrest Swarna, and also made it clear that in case of any deviation it would be viewed seriously. As the order was not complied with, Bothra had initiated contempt proceedings against the inspector. Justice Mathivanan said the inspector was guilty under Section 12 of the Contempt of Court Act, but added that in view of his official position and family background he was being issued only a censure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17012789", "title": "Helmet violators fill the coffers in Trichy", "text": "Trichy: The strict enforcement of the helmet rule has resulted in around 69,000 cases being registered by the Trichy police and approximately Rs 69 lakh being collected as fine from February this year.Trichy Commissioner of Police (COP) Shailesh Kumar Yadav had made wearing of helmets for two-wheeler riders compulsory from February 2012, a few weeks after he took charge in Trichy. Since then, the number of persons sporting helmets has increased slightly as both traffic and regular police regularly impose a spot fine of Rs 100 for the violation. But many two wheeler riders, even now, do not mind coughing up the fine amount instead of wearing a helmet. The huge collection of fine shows that people still do not want to obey the rules. Some hang the headgears around the rear view mirrors of their vehicles and wear it only when they notice policemen imposing a fine.\"I have no target to collect money from the violators. The aim is to save a precious life, even if we have to impose a fine in accordance to the law. The fatality rate has decreased in Trichy after the compulsory helmet rule. We make every attempt to create awareness about the dangers of not wearing a helmet. Our duty is to enforce the law, but enforcement alone cannot bring about a change. The thought should be sparked from the family of every two-wheeler rider, who must insist that they wear a helmet,\" COP Shailesh said.Sixty-one people were killed in two-wheeler accidents this year in Trichy city. Deputy Commissioner of Police (Crime and Traffic) S Selvakumar told TOI, \"In two accidents in Trichy recently, two persons had a miraculous escape thanks to helmets. Last month, we brought down the enforcement, but embarked on a move to provide counselling to the two-wheeler riders. We involved 850 NSS students from Bharathidasan University in this process and they provided counselling to around 20,000 riders at 10 locations in Trichy.\"Following the enforcement against helmet violation in Trichy city, the rural district police led by SP R Lalitha Lakshmi also started the spot fine system against traffic violations from July 16, this year. \"Initially, three traffic inspectors were involved in the task. Now, 10 circle inspectors have been ordered to impose the spot fine system from October 15. In rural areas, the accidents mostly occur on the national highways. So, we will concentrate on those areas,\" S P Lalitha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011914", "title": "England learn to live with Kevin Pietersen", "text": "MUMBAI: Kevin Pietersen had already flown in from London in the wee hours of Monday and checked into a five-star hotel on Marine Drive and tweeted \"a very good morning, India\" when the rest of his teammates were busy checking-in at the Dubai airport en route to Mumbai.By the time the England players landed here around lunch time, Pietersen had finished tweeting 'thank you' messages to all his Indian friends who had greeted him on his arrival on the microblogging site, and his Delhi Daredevils coach T Sekar, whom he promised to catch up with, soon.Thereafter, there was no sign of him at the team hotel. One only heard his name when England's director of coaching, Andy Flower , announced that Pietersen would play the first warm-up match against India 'A' starting Tuesday, and bat at No. 4.However, it wasn't so easy for England's young captain Alastair Cook , who along with Flower, had to field a variety of questions from the media about the tour, the team and Pietersen before he could retire for the day.\"I spoke to KP this morning and he is desperate to get going and we are desperate to have him back,\" said the 27-year-old Cook when asked about his teammate.Tuesday will be Pietersen's first outing for England after being dropped in August for sending texts to touring South African cricketers about his own teammates' vulnerabilities, and later admitting to it.Numbers alone rarely tell the whole story, especially in a statistically cluttered sport like cricket. However, in Pietersen's case, numbers do convey more than they conceal as he gears up for the four-Test series against India.In his last 15 Tests, Pietersen averaged a whopping 66.07 and has scored more than 1200 runs. At home against India and South Africa and on tour in Sri Lanka last year, he's been England's best bet against spin and pace. In India, he's remains their best bet.Since July last year, he has made an unbeaten 202 at Lord's, 175 at the Oval, 63 each at Trent Bridge and Edgbaston, 151 at the P Sara Oval and 149 at Headingley and given rival bowlers a hard time. The problem is, he also gave his own team management sleepless nights.\"It's always great to have a world-class player like him in the team,\" says Flower, raising his right eyebrow each time someone asked him about Pietersen.England clearly do not know how to deal with Pietersen, but they know they need to have him in the team to do well in this series. How they re-connect with him will define the England's tour. There is commitment but there is also doubt in a relationship which by all means is antagonistic.It won't be easy dealing with KP in his universe unless England manage to bring him into their own, at least for now.Spat's the wayKevin Pietersen vs Peter Moores, 2008: India was where the trouble began and the 0-5 drubbing in ODIs and the 0-1 reversal in Tests only aggravated the problem. Both lost their jobs two months after the tour.Chris Cairns and Glenn Turner, 1995: Turner was a hard-task master and Cairns was a rebel without a cause. Cairns was already unhappy at playing under a junior player like Lee Germon and things were simmering between the two of them right through the tour. A day before the deciding fifth ODI, Cairns jumped into the swimming pool of the team hotel with very little on and was dropped for the next game.Waqar Younis and Wasim Akram 1999: After two average Tests in Chennai and Delhi, Akram dropped Younis for the Asian Test championship match at Kolkata and roped in Shoaib Akhtar. That the Rawalpindi express grabbed the chance with both hands through the dramatic dismissals of Rahul Dravid and Sachin Tendulkar , never went down too well with Younis.Shane Warne vs John Buchanan 2001: An intellectual and a rebel. Their's was a relationship that was never meant to work. Buchanan was critical of Warne's training methods and lifestyle and made some uncharitable remarks about his bowling. Buchanan's gesture drew censure from Steve Waugh too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "17012334", "title": "Satyavathi's last rites performed", "text": "ONGOLE: The last rites of Satyavathi, who was murdered in Pennsylvania on October 22, were performed in her native village of Kudumulakuntla in Hanumantunipadu mandal of Prakasham district on Sunday evening. Her body was brought to Hyderabad on Saturday night and shifted to the village on Sunday morning.Yandamuri Raghunandan alias Raghu, a software professional from Vizag had killed Satyavathi and kidnapped her 10-month-old granddaughter Saanvi. The baby was found murdered later.Meanwhile, Raghu's mother Padmavathi urged the authorities to punish him in India if he was found guilty. She said that she was clueless as to why he had committed those murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012912", "title": "HC refuses to lift stay on assembly complex revamp", "text": "CHENNAI: A specially constituted bench of the Madras high court has commenced fresh hearing of the public interest petitions opposing the state government's decision to convert the new assembly-cum-secretariat complex into a super-specialty hospital.On January 20, a bench headed by Justice D Murugesan restrained the state government from carrying out any structural alteration to the complex. The bench, however, opted out of the case later. Now the matter has come before Justices K N Basha and N Paul Vasanthakumar.When the case was taken up for hearing on Monday, additional advocate general of state Guru Krishnakumar wanted the court to vacate the interim stay on carrying out any alteration work at the site, saying the stay was in force for a long time now. It affected the government's intention to carry out necessary development works there, he said.P Wilson, senior counsel for petitioner Veeramani said the case would become infructuous if the interim order was vacated, and added that the final disposal of the main case itself could be taken up. The judges, declining to vacate the interim stay, then posted the case to November 19 for final hearing.The bench also ordered notices to the government on a new PIL filed by Veeramani questioning the legality of a government order dated September 14, granting official nod to convert the complex into a hospital and college.Government pleader S Venkatesh told the court that the authorities would adopt the contents of an earlier counter-affidavit filed in response to the first PIL for the new case as well. Though both the PILs challenge the conversion of the complex into a hospital, the first one questioned the government's policy decision while the new one questions the legality of the government order issued to that effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012715", "title": "As D-day nears, turf wars break out across town", "text": "MUMBAI: With the deadline for TV digitalization set to expire, ugly turf wars have reportedly broken out in various city neighbourhoods.In most cases, say sources, local cable operators are allegedly targeting employees of direct-to-home (DTH) service providers when the latter go to instal dish antennas in apartments.Frequent scuffles between the two groups are allegedly breaking out in suburbs such as Mulund, Chembur and Malad. In Kurla, residents said a DTH supplier was beaten up when he tried to replace some cable connections with dish antennas. Most of the cases, however, were not reported to the police.The same trend has also been witnessed in places like Navi Mumbai and Thane, where the deadline for digitalization is March 31, 2013, say locals. Sources in the DTH industry confirmed this, adding that their workers have refused to go to certain areas due to \"life threats\".However, Anil Parab of the Cable Operators' Association denied that cable operators and DTH workers were involved in clashes. \"Nobody encourages violence in our business. There may have been a few instances at the local level, but it is not a larger issue. In fact, we are amicably working towards digitalization,\" he said.With the analog system being replaced from November 1 in Mumbai and three other metros, there is a tussle among DTH and digital access system providers to win over consumers, said sources. But Vijay Todankar and Abhay Dudhale of Maharashtra Navnirman Cable Sena said both groups of operators had already grabbed their share of subscribers and there was no scope for further rivalry in the business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013721", "title": "Afghan's body found in abandoned cinema hall", "text": "KOLKATA: A 37-year-old Afghan national, who went missing 10 months back, was found dead inside an abandoned cinema hall in central Kolkata on Monday morning. Police are yet to confirm the cause behind the death.On Monday morning, a group of plumbers went inside the closed cinema house on Lenin Sarani and spotted the skeleton of the body. \"The victim could be identified as Isha Khan from the clothes and a ring that he was wearing,\" said a police officer.According to cops, Khan went missing on January 22. On that evening, he was last seen in front of the E-mall in Chandni Chowk around 5pm. Calls on his cell phone went unanswered that night. The phone, however, stopped functioning after January 23.On Monday, the plumbers found him on the first floor of the cinema hall, which has been lying abandoned since March 2011. Police suspect the victim might have fallen from the false ceiling of the cinema hall.Though the victim's cousins Zar and Jabbar believe Khan was murdered, police refused to jump to any conclusion. \"The reason behind the death can be ascertained only after the autopsy,\" an officer said.\"We have registered a case of unnatural death. We'll probe after getting the autopsy report,\" said DP Singh, DC (Central).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011895", "title": "Yash Chopra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s last directorial venture Jab Tak Hai Jaan may release in Pakistan", "text": "MUMBAI: Yash Chopra's last directorial venture Jab Tak Hai Jaan is likely to be released in Pakistan. On Monday evening, the website of Atrium cinema in Karachi uploaded promo of the film and several working stills from the film. The website mentioned the film's release date as November 13.There were rumours that the film will fail to get clearance from the Pakistan censor board due to the fact that it deals with the Kashmir issue.Chopra's last home production Ek Tha Tiger was banned in Pakistan due to its depiction of Pakistan Intelligence agencies.Katrina Kaif played a Pakistani spy in the film.Earlier this year, Saif Ali Khan's film Agent Vinod too was banned for showing Pakistani intelligence in negative light.Meanwhile, JTHJ has been cleared by Indian Censor Board with a UA certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17013486", "title": "Chunk of plaster comes crashing down in SCB Medical College and Hospital", "text": "CUTTACK: Patients undergoing treatment in the old medicine ward of SCB Medical College and Hospital here were panic-stricken on Monday after a chunk of plaster fell off the ceiling in the female ward. Luckily, no one was injured in the incident as the plaster fell between two beds.\"The chunk of plaster could have easily injured the doctors or patients, but no one was injured in the incident,\" said a nurse of the hospital.The incident has left the patients worried. \"We do not feel safe in the ward anymore. The incident may recur,\" said Shanti Bhoi, a patient in the female ward.Patients urged hospital authorities to take measures to repair the ward. \"Over 30 female patients are undergoing treatment in the old medicine ward, which is in a dilapidated condition. But the authorities are not worried about their plight and are not taking measures to repair it,\" said Shiv Shankar, a patient's relative. \"New buildings are being built in the hospital and lying unused while old buildings, which are in a dilapidated condition, are still in use,\" pointed out Brahmanand Patra, another patient's relative.Hospital authorities, however, made light of the incident. \"Small pieces of plaster fell down on the floor of the female ward. Nothing serious has happened and no one was injured in the incident. Still, we have informed the public works department ( PWD) to start the repair work of the ward,\" said Sanjita Das, administrative officer of the hospital.It may be mentioned here, a few months ago ceiling fans had fallen in different wards of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17014076", "title": "Irked by delays, PMO pushes state on elevated rail corridor", "text": "In a rare intervention, the Prime Minister's Office has stepped in to push through a vital project meant to decongest the city's suburban rail traffic after differences between the state government and Western Railway ensured that the plan remained on paper even five years after being conceived.Sources said the PMO has made clear its dissatisfaction over the delay in signing the support agreement by which the two sides would enter into a formal arrangement to implement the 63-km Oval Maidan-Virar elevated corridor project. It has asked the state government to resolve the differences and ink the deal on or before November 15.While WR will execute the Rs 21,000-crore project, the state government will need to assist it in acquisition of land, relief and rehabilitation of the project affected people, temporary diversion of roads, and deciding on the extent of commercial utilization (allot additional FSI) of stations and certain other railway-owned land parcels to raise funds for the project.The PMO's intervention seems to have worked. The state government has set up a high-level committee to finalize the agreement draft submitted by WR and sought opinion from other stakeholders. The sources said CM Prithviraj Chavan is monitoring progress.It is believed that senior railway officials approached the PMO as talks between WR and state officials were stalling. Planning Commission member Gajendra Haldea accompanied railway board chairman Vinay Mittal for the latest round of meeting on October 15 and, sources said, sought an explanation on the delays. When state functionaries spoke about their concerns, the sources said Haldea shot back, citing instances of similar agreements in two dozen port and road construction projects.WR officials blame the bureaucracy for the delay. On July 24, T C Benjamin, then additional chief secretary of the urban development (UD) department, had assured that the agreement would be inked in 15 days. Three months later, there's no sign of it, point out railway officials. The UD department is now headed by principal secretary Manu Kumar Shrivastava.On the other hand, UD officials say the project is not progressing due to a lack of clarity from WR on the financial model and the relief and rehabilitation plan. They claim that a detailed financial model is yet to be submitted though WR has sought commercial exploitation to the tune of 1.30 lakh sq m along the route to fund the project.\"They (railways) are demanding an FSI of 5 to exploit certain land parcels. How can such blanket permissions be granted without the financial feasibility being in place?\" asked a state official.WR officials argue that such a model cannot be devised until the state's FSI is clear. \"The standard practice is to finalize such a model after the support agreement,\" a WR official said, adding that while Chavan was pushing the project, UD and MMRDA officials were posing hurdles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17013028", "title": "Garbage mounds fester in several areas", "text": "BANGALORE: There seems to be no respite for Bangaloreans. Contrary to the claims of the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) that all garbage had been cleared, there were heaps of waste on Monday in several areas like Basavanagudi, JC Road, Queen's Road, Viveknagar and Banashankari.The muck mountain stood tall at Queen's Road Cross near the state Congress office. \"This has been growing for 10 days. Nobody has come to clear it. The stench is horrible. Although people do come to my shop, I might suffer a loss if the pile lies uncleared for some more days,\" said Nageshappa, who runs a makeshift food stall nearby.The situation is grim in Basavanagudi too. \"BBMP's is talking rubbish. A week ago, after a report on the problem was published in TOI, waste was cleared the very next day. But it's been eight days and garbage has piled up again. It's worse in Gandhi Bazaar - there's no place to walk or drive as garbage has spread to the roads too,\" said Gopinath CR, president, RWA, Sovereign Park Apartment.Banashankari residents said the post of the BBMP environmental engineer in the area is vacant and they don't know to talk to. \"Garbage has not been cleared for days. I met the additional commissioner some time ago and he assured me he'd look into the matter. But our suffering has only increased,\" said Ravindranath Guru, secretary, Consumer Care Society, Banashankari II Phase.The good news is that some areas like Ulsoor, JP Nagar and Vasantnagar were rid of garbage. \"BBMP is lifting garbage from our area and almost 90% has been cleared. Garbage is being picked up every day,\" said Ramakrishna Udupa, JP Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "17017222", "title": "Karun Chandhok puts JRM Racing in pole position for 6 hours of Shanghai", "text": "SHANGHAI: JRM Racing will start the Six Hours of Shanghai, the eighth and final round of the 2012 FIA World Endurance Championship, from pole position in class and fourth overall on the grid. This is the team's first-ever pole in the championship and best qualifying result of the season.Karun Chandhok , the only of the three JRM Racing drivers with previous experience of the Shanghai International Circuit , was out in the #22 and set a fastest time of 1:51.003.The result came after a slow start to the day for Karun. The rain and a red flag early in the session meant he had to wait before going out on track for the first time this morning. As a result he only completed 10 laps to check out the cold and slippery Shanghai track and prepare for the decisive qualifying session. In the end it made little difference as the Indian secured pole by 0.016 over the #12 Rebellion.Sunday's race will be the first time Shanghai hosts an FIA World Endurance Championship round and it will also mark the end of the 2012 championship.Karun Chandhok, who was thrilled with his best qualifying of the season, said, \"I'm absolutely thrilled with today's result. It's the first time we've finished as the fastest privateer car and it's a great feeling as we have promised it for so long. We know tomorrow won't be easy, as we are all very close here, but we can be very happy with what we achieved today. I think we have improved massively during the season and it's good to be starting ahead of our main rivals. Tomorrow's race will be tough as the Strakka and Rebellion guys are very strong. The team is working hard and doing an excellent job, and results like today's gives a confidence boost for tomorrow.\"Nigel Stepney, team manager and chief engineer, said, \"A fantastic day for the team. Karun did an excellent job in qualifying and this result shows how the team has come forward since the beginning of the year. This is our best result of the season and even though qualifying is not major for an endurance race, it gives the team a boost and is important for the morale. For sure it will help us tomorrow as we only have the Audis and the Toyota in front of us and it makes it easier to have a clean start, staying out of trouble. Now we look forward to tomorrow and hope that this is just the start of an excellent weekend in Shanghai.\"James Rumsey, team principal, commented, \"I'm very happy for the team, to be on pole position is a great result. Tomorrow we will start the race at the clear end of the track and we won't have traffic on the first few laps... I'm already looking forward to it. It's been a hard season getting up to speed, so it's nice to be finishing the season on the sharp end. We knew we had the potential to achieve these positive results, it was just a matter of time. After being on the podium for the first time in Japan two weeks ago, I hope tomorrow we can do it again and end the season on a high.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17016008", "title": "Kevin Pietersen is cricket's answer to Muhammad Ali: Vivian Richards", "text": "LONDON: West Indian batting legend Vivian Richards reckons Kevin Pietersen is cricket's answer to Muhammad Ali, and believes the English batsman has got the \"X-factor\" to respond to his critics in the upcoming four-Test series in India.Richards, who won seven Tests in India with the great West Indies teams of the 1970s and 80s, finds a similarity between Pietersen and the world's greatest boxer in terms of their behaviours.\"Kevin is a good player but talks himself into some issues. In the old days we had Muhammad Ali -- the way he spoke and acted, people wanted to see him knocked out. But he was a great boxer,\" Richards was quoted as saying by 'The Sun'.\"Now I'm not saying KP is exactly like Ali, that man was the greatest. But you can see through his behaviour that people want to take him down that little bit more. But because he has the X-factor he can respond to it.\"Looking from afar, he's his own worst enemy but you can't deny how good he is to watch and how important he is to England,\" the West Indian great added.Pietersen, who was chucked out of the team during the lost Test rubber at home against South Africa for sending unflattering messages to the rival camp about then captain Andrew Strauss and other team members, has made his return to the England fold in the ongoing tour of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012594", "title": "Going gets tougher for RTI activists", "text": "MUMBAI: RTI activist Jeetendra Ghadge has been informed by tehsildar M K Beble of his village in Satara that he needs to prove the ownership of his piece of land. \"The notice is handwritten, illegible and proves the intention of the sender. It is an attempt to make my mother and me run from pillar to post. But such harassment is not going to deter me from filing more RTIs,\" Ghadge said. This is not the first time he has faced an attack from government machinery- in the past, water supply to his house was cut for a week.The RTI information that Ghadge got on dams was damaging for the government. Several dams, small and large, the RTI response revealed, are stuck: some for want of funds, others because land will have to be acquired. Many others have been stalled due to crossfire between the state and the population that will get displaced. For instance, aproject started in 1967 is still under construction while the Nira Deoghar project, initiated in May 1984, has seen a cost escalation of 2,070%, going from Rs 61.5 crore to Rs 1,334.4 crore. It is now languishing due to a lack of funds.As in Ghadge's case, the going has become tougher for most RTI activists. While some said they had personally not faced such blatant harassment, most conceded that they no longer received a response to RTI queries within the stipulated one month and had to file an appeal in at least 80% of the cases.RTI activists are used to living on the edge. Many of them are harassed or assaulted whenever they have come too close to the truth while some have even been killed. Manoranjan Roy, an activist who had asked for information from the sales tax department, was shocked when an officer reached his place to confirm his address. \"My wife was alone when this officer came. He enquired about my whereabouts, asked for my cell number and left,\" Roy said.Another is the case of Rajeev Kumar , a professor from the computer science department at IIT-Kharagpur. Through a series of RTIs, he had revealed flaws in the joint entrance exam and was lauded by the Supreme Court as an \"unsung hero\". But Kumar was suspended in May 2011 for \"misconduct\" and charged with damaging the reputation of IIT-Kharagpur by making allegations on several issues from the purchase of laptops to copying in examinations - details he had unearthed using the RTI Act.Former CIC Shailesh Gandhi acknowledged that the administration becomes wary once it senses that an RTI user has the capability to unearth bring official misdeeds. \"A resistance is built up against him by the machinery,\" Gandhi said. \"Information is not revealed under some pretext and the administration knows that once it lands up in the commission, it will take some time for it to come up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013717", "title": "2005 blast victim may be declared dead, kin in dark", "text": "KOLKATA: Relatives of Sayan Mukhopadhyay, the teenager whose parents died in the Diwali-eve blast in Delhi seven years ago and he was declared 'missing' by Delhi Police along with six others as their bodies could not be identified from the site, are yet to hear from the authorities though police are expected to finally declare the seven persons dead.\"Are they going to declare Sayan dead? We have no information. No one has contacted us yet. In any case, the declaration of death after seven years does not change anything. We could not find him then, nor will be able to do so now,\" said Sayan's uncle Nababrata Mukhopadhyay. Sayan's parents Satyabrata and Supriya Mukhopadhyay were among 50 people killed in the blast on October 29, 2005.Sayan, then 13 years old, was a bright student and the apple of the family. But the blast changed everything. What added to the family's trauma was that though Satyabrata and Supriya's bodies were recovered, the family could not identify Sayan's body in the lumps of mangled flesh that had splattered the blast site. A DNA test helped identify four people but seven, including Sayan, remained 'missing'. In fact, his name has been enlisted as 'Sapan' in the Delhi Police list.Nababrata complained that the family had not even been informed about the DNA test or the result. \"They never told us about the DNA tests. Even if it is a law to declare missing people dead after seven years, it was their duty to inform us about their decision. We deserve to know that at least,\" he said.Like Mukhopadhay, even families in Delhi with kin 'missing' had not been contacted by police. \"The Mukhopadhyays were in touch with us till 2007. But when there was no progress, they stopped pursuing the case. Though the families of victims in Delhi continued to do the rounds of police stations, they too have not been informed about the decision to declare them dead,\" said Ashok Randhawa, president of Sarojini Nagar market committee.The Kalighat house, where the Mukhopadhyay's family used to live, has been under lock-and-key following the blast. \"My mother Kalyani, who lived in Kalighat, is 78-years-old and is too heartbroken to talk about the incident. We never talk about it. She now lives either at my house in Kudghat or my sister's house in Garia,\" said Nababrata.After Delhi Police declares Sayan dead on Tuesday, all that the family can take back with them is a 'non-traceable certificate' that they will be issued at a later date. \"If Sayan had been alive, he could have been in college. Not only did he have a horrible death, procedural red tape meant that he was even robbed of the dignity,\" he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17013860", "title": "Adhir Chowdhury watch on rail projects", "text": "KOLKATA: If Deepa Das Munshi wasted no time in getting down to business on her first day in office, it was no different for Adhir Chowdhury.The newly appointed minister of state for railways said after his first full day in office he would seek a detailed report on the status and feasibility of various railway projects in Bengal announced when the ministry was held by the Trinamool Congress . \"Announcing projects and making adequate financial allocations for them are two different things. We need to understand the status of these projects before finalizing time-frames for taking them forward,\" Adhir told TOI from New Delhi.Among the four metro projects in the city, fund allocations for Joka-BBD Bag, New Garia-Airport, Dum Dum-Barrackpore (via Dakshineshwar) and Dum Dum-Barasat (via Airport) have been made. But there are question marks on railway projects in Jellingham and Kanchrapara, Dankuni and the proposed coach factory in Singur.Chowdhury, however, sought to clarify that political rivalries would in no way affect the status of the Bengal projects. \"The railway projects in Bengal are my priority, too. But the status of these and their resource mobilization are completely unknown.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17017756", "title": "Man approaches Rajasthan Human Rights Commission; says inlaws pressurizing him to become 'ghar jamai'", "text": "JAIPUR: While mostly it is women who approach either the State Women Commission or Rajasthan Human Rights Commission, whenever facing any kind of atrocity from her inlaws, this time, a married man has approached the Rajasthan Human Commission.The reason.He does not want to be a 'ghar jamai' as sought by his inlaws. Mahesh Kumar Beeka got married in July this year. Since then, he is facing threats from his inlaws' to face dire consequences if he will not agree to be a 'ghar jamai' and thus agree to stay with the family of his wife.\"I got married on July, 15, 2012 to Kavita a native of Govindgarh in Alwar. On the way to the bride's house the bus carrying the baraatis met with an accident. All the injured were rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile, I (bridegroom Mahesh) along with merely 5 people reached the bride's house. I did not even asked for dowry,\" claimed the petitioner before the Rajasthan Human Rights Commission in his petition seeking security.On July 23 when he visited his inlaws' house, the latter asked him to stay there permanently. According to him, his brother in-law is already living as ghar jamai.\"I was in a state of shock and I brought my wife back. When I did not respond to their threats, 20-25 people on September 15, came to my house and threatened me if I did not come along with them and said my in-laws will falsely implicate a dowry harassment case,\" he said in his petition.The state human rights commission has now asked the district police to register an FIR against the accused and also ensure no such pressure should be put on the victim. However, till date no FIR was lodged in this connection and the man is awaiting disposal of the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013699", "title": "Dengue looks more menacing", "text": "New Delhi: Failure of the civic agencies to control the spread of dengue - which has claimed two lives besides affecting 949 people this season - has gradually led to panic in the city. Most hospitals in the city say they are flooded with patients suffering from the condition and comparable symptoms like high fever, headache and rushes. They are all insisting on admission, leading to scarcity of beds.What's worse, contrary to the preliminary findings by microbiologists which indicated prevalence of a milder strain of the dengue virus, emerging data suggests the disease is causing more severe symptoms now as compared to last year.\"The disease has unusual clinical symptoms and its severity has certainly increased. The fall of platelet count is rapid in most cases,\" said Dr A B Dey, professor of medicine and chief, geriatric services, at All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS). He said mortality rate is still lower because most health practitioners are now familiar with the disease and patients are being managed better. \"Usually, dengue cases drop with fall in temperature which is not the case this time,\" he added.According to Dr Richa Dewan, medical superintendent of Lok Nayak Hospital, 16 suspected cases of dengue were admitted on Monday. \"The disease is more severe this time. Any patient who comes to us with dengue symptoms is kept in observation for 24 hours - till reports arrive - and then treatment is started. There is no scarcity of platelets or any medicine though,\" she said. Liver failure due to dengue, a rare manifestation of the disease, was observed in at least two patients admitted at Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences (ILBS) recently, a senior doctor said.At least three children admitted at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital suffered from acute respiratory distress syndrome due to the infection and they had to be put on a high frequency ventilator. \"They survived because they were in ICU care,\" said Dr K Chugh, chairman of the paediatric department at the hospital. Officials at Moolchand Medcity Hospital in South Delhi said they have received 245 dengue cases in October.Dr Anupam Sibal, senior consultant, paediatric gastroenterology and hepatology and group medical director at Apollo Hospital, said, \"Panic adds to chaos. Patients must follow the doctor's advice rather than subject themselves to unnecessary tests and medicines. We are seeing a lot of cases where children suspected to be suffering from dengue undergo multiple confirmatory tests and continuous monitoring of platelets. The fact is, platelets may go down slightly even in non-dengue fever and there is nothing to fear if there is no bleeding and the counts are well above one lakh.\"The sales of mosquito-repellants, ointments and sprays that claim to kill the dengue mosquitoes have picked up, say shopkeepers. \"This season, the sales of mosquito repellants have gone up by 30-40%. Many buyers say they are using them 24X7,\" said Aman Khurana, a shopkeeper at Lajpat Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012547", "title": "Khaleda Zia urges PM to fast track Teesta pact", "text": "NEW DELHI: BNP chief and Bangladesh's main opposition leader Khaleda Zia on Monday asked PM Manmohan Singh in a meeting here to expedite the signing of Teesta water-sharing agreement, saying that the pact was imperative for better ties between the neighbours. Government sources said that Singh responded by saying that while the Indian government was committed to the agreement, it was still trying to build a political consensus for it.With West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee expressing fresh concerns, the agreement has been hanging fire even though iot was finalized last year. Singh, however, assured Zia that the accord was sealed after taking the consent of all Indian states involved and it was only a matter of time before it is brought into action.\"Begum Khaleda Zia was very appreciative of various Indian initiatives which had been taken by the prime minister including liberalization of trade, efforts to provide power etc,'' said a source.\"Both the leaders felt that terrorism is of great concern and agreed to continue cooperation on terrorism and insurgent groups,'' he added. For India, any assurance from Zia about cooperation in dealing with terrorism and insurgency is important as too often in the past ISI has been known to fuel unrest in India's north-east from Bangladeshi soil. In fact, there have been allegations in the past that ISI also provided funds to BNP.The former Bangla PM is said to have expressed satisfaction at the manner in which India is handling the controversial Tipaimukh dam project, and also ``matters on border management including deaths on the border''.Despite the acrimony between Zia and PM Sheikh Hasina , who has been favourably inclined towards India, and Zia's almost congenital antipathy for New Delhi in the past, India has felt the need to engage with her since polls are not too far away in Bangladesh . It may be too early to say that Pakistan's influence on BNP is on the wane, but she does seem to be opening up as she seeks more friends in the neighbourhood. Zia recently also visited China, where she met foreign minister Yang Jiechi .Zia will have a meeting with new foreign minister Salman Khurshid on Tuesday. Her last official visit to India was in 2006 as the then PM of Bangladesh. The government said in a statement earlier that her visit is part of ``our ongoing engagement with a democratic and multi-party polity in Bangladesh''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012929", "title": "Tanker lorry runs over biker at Padi", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old man died after a tanker lorry hit his bike near Padi Bridge on Monday morning.Police said Thambu of Kellys in Ayanavaram, who works in a private company at Avadi, was on his way to work when the accident took place. A tanker lorry hit his motorcycle and he was run over. Passersby rushed Thambu to a nearby hospital but he died on the way. Police said the lorry driver is absconding.Traffic in the area was affected for more than an hour. The Poonamallee traffic investigation police have registered a case and are on the look-out for the driver.In another accident, an18-year-old polytechnic student was run over by a load auto on Thiruvottiyur High Road on Sunday. Police said Prakash was trying to overtake the auto when his motorcycle skid and he fell on the road. The auto, which was following the bike, ran over him killing him on the spot. Traffic police registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17011893", "title": "India Inc's thumbs up to MP", "text": "INDORE: At a time when economies across the globe are struggling to maintain growth and attract investments, industry leaders have thumps up to the state as a favourite investment destination. On the second day of Global Investors' Summit (GIS) in Indore, 15 MoUs worth Rs 40,485 crore were signed-a move that is expected to generate nearly 1.3 lakh jobs in the state. MoUs were signed for investment in IT, automobile, food processing, pharma, power, infrastructure and health sectors.The state government came in for praise for creating infrastructure and policies for industries. Reliance (ADAG group) chairman Anil Ambani commended the state government for creating outstanding atmosphere for investment and stressed that it has become possible only because of vision, courage, conviction and care by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. \"We will invest Rs 20,000 crore more in the state. It will take investment in the state to Rs 50,000 crore, the biggest in any single state,\" said Ambani, adding that his company will have integrated investment in coal, power and cement. He said his power plant would provide electricity to the state at the rate of Rs 1.19 per unit for next 25 years.Godrej Industries chairman and CII president Adi Godrej said the state captured the mind space of investors and the state has emerged among top three investment destination in the country. \"It has become possible mainly because of clarity of thought and vision of political leadership,\" Godrej said.\"Many states organised investors' meet, but state's GIS is different from others, because it not only focuses on investment, but on generating jobs by encouraging investment in manufacturing and service sectors.\" \"Inclusive growth cannot be possible without pro-active role of states. It is good to see such efforts from the state government,\" said Godrej.TCS vice-president B Muthuraman said the chief minister is acting like a CEO of state and it shows the seriousness of government towards economic development. \"Now, MP is a place to invest,\" stressed Muthuraman.Expressing similar views, NASSCOM vice-chairman Krishna Kumar Natrajan said first phase of growth of IT sector in India were centred on 8 to 9 places in the country. \"Next phase of growth in IT sector would come from places like Madhya Pradesh and it would take IT sector of the country from existing Rs 100 billion industry to Rs 300 billion industry by 2020,\" Natrajan said, adding that Indore, Bhopal, Gwalior and Jabalpur would be next hub of IT and IT-related sectors.Terming the development of the state in the past decade as remarkable, Force Motors chairman Abhay Firodia said earlier there were no roads and electricity. Units have shut down production due to lack of electricity, now things have changed remarkably. \"Three things that have changed the face of state are best governance, infrastructure and industry friendly atmosphere,\" Firodia said, adding that state will emerge as industry state in coming years and almost every industrialist will have a project in MP. Signifying the transformation of state, Firodia said earlier they use to call MP as 'mand' (slow) state, now they call MP as 'mazboot' (strong) state.Baba Kalyani of Kalyani Group, who has signed MoU for automobile sector, said till now there are only three auto hubs-Delhi-Gurgaon, Pune and Chennai. Indore will emerge as the fourth auto hub of country.Founder and group CEO of Future Group, Kishore Biyani said the state has huge potential in food processing sector and his company is setting up a mega integrated food park with investment of Rs 2,500 crore which will change agricultural products into food products.Essar Group chairman Shashi Ruia said the state has done wonderful job by encouraging investment in service sector as it will generate huge number of jobs. He also stressed on need to revisit policy related to natural resources. \"Natural resources should be used locally for local development,\" said Ruia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17012913", "title": "Guilty won't be protected: CM", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday said a fair probe was on into the allegation of extortion bid against former JD-U MLA Vijay Kumar Shukla alias Munna Shukla.\"Police are investigating the case and action will be initiated on the basis of the findings of the probe,\" he said and added there was the rule of law in the state where neither the guilty would be protected nor the innocent would be framed.After Sant Lal Yadav, founder of a private engineering college, made the accusation against Shukla, police raided the jail, where the ex-MLA is serving life term, and recovered a mobile phone from his ward. However, his wife Annu Shukla, who is JD-U MLA from Lalganj, claimed her husband had been implicated for taking up the cause of people and that the engineering college was built on her husband's land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17013937", "title": "Burglars giving cops sleepless nights", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The increasing number of robberies in the city is giving police sleepless nights. They have not so far been to identify the gangs behind a number of these cases.In a series of incidents on October 26, four houses in Nallalam and Meenchanda area were burgled. Thieves broke into three houses in Kairali apartments and one in Areekadu residents association.Similar incidents were reported from this area two months ago too, but the culprits have not yet been identified. A house in Payyadimeethal was robbed on October 22, but nobody still knows who was behind it.According to police, similar incidents have also been reported from Feroke, Nallalam and Medical College police station limits. Police suspect that the same gang is behind all these incidents.Two weeks ago, two women looted jewellery from the Malabar Gold show room under the Kasaba police station limit. Though the surveillance camera has the visuals of the robbery, the women involved have not been arrested till now.The special investigation team probing the murder of Sundari Amma, a resident of Vattakkinar in Meenchanda, is yet to identify the culprits. Police have confirmed that the murder, in July first week, took place during a robbery attempt. Police have interrogated more than 300 persons, including over 50 migrant labourers, in the region in connection with the case. District police chief G Sparjan Kumar said search for the killer/robber was still on.The gang which looted gold and computer worth Rs 90,000 from a jewellery on Railway Station Road on October 4, is also roaming free. Police found a gas-cutting machine and a gas cylinder inside the showroom. Police said they had confirmed the role of a north Indian gang in the incident and would soon arrest them.From January to September this year, 354 theft cases have been registered at 14 police stations in the city; this includes the one case of murder for gain. Of these, 72 have been registered under IPC sections 454, 457 and 380 (related to house breaking); 49 are under IPC sections 392, 393, 394 and 395. The number of ordinary theft cases, including the auto theft cases, in the same period is 101.Sparjan Kumar said a mobile squad comprising 26 policemen had been constituted to check robbery, especially house breaking, during night hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17013131", "title": "Bird flu: Kerala govt imposes ban on entry of poultry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala government has imposed a ban on the movement of poultry and poultry products from across the border. The move follows reported outbreak of bird flu in Hesarghatta in Karnataka.An Animal Husbandry Department (AHD) directive advised \"all concerned are directed to take urgent precautionary measures to prevent occurrence of bird flu in the state. The movement of poultry and poultry products across the border is banned until further orders.'' The order was issued by the director of AHD.All the check post officials are instructed to use personal protection measures to insulate themselves from contracting the virus while checking trucks, the order further said.In Hesarghatta, 3,600 turkeys have been reported dead due to bird flu in 13 days at the Central Poultry Development Organisation (CPDO). Following the deaths, an alert has been declared in 68 villages. Tamil Nadu government has also issued an alert in areas bordering Karnataka. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013542", "title": "Vigilance awareness week gets underway", "text": "MANGALORE: Observance of vigilance awareness week commenced at divisional office and field units of Palakkad railway division on Monday. This awareness week will be observed from October 29 to November 3. Piyush Agarwal, divisional railway manager, Palakkad administered the vigilance awareness pledge to officers and staff of divisional office on Monday.Posters and banners of anti-corruption slogans have been displayed in all important railway stations and offices to create awareness among public. Vigilance awareness week of this year is observed with the theme \"Transparency in Public Procurement\". Seminar, lectures, debates and essay competitions on anticorruption topics will be conducted for employees in the week.At MRPLVigilance Awareness Week is being observed at MRPL. Director (finance) Vishnu Agrawal administered the vigilance oath to all employees present on the occasion. He highlighted the importance of vigilance in the public as well as personal life while explaining the direct and indirect corruption possibilities. All the employees of MRPL were present on the occasion.At KIOCL LtdKIOCL Limited, began vigilance awareness week at its Mangalore establishment. N Vidyananda, GM, administered the pledge to officers and staff urging all to strive to bring integrity and transparency, eradicate corruption, growth and reputation to the organization with value based service. He urged the officers and staff to maintain the integrity and transparency in all spheres so that the reputation of the organization is upheld. AK Savant, manager (vigilance) said programmes like interaction programmes, briefing from vigilance officers will be conducted throughout the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012896", "title": "Guard presumed Pallavi would give in to his advances: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Sajjad Ahmed Mughal (28) had a crush on advocate Pallavi Purkayastha and wanted to enter into a physical relation with her. Presuming that she would easily give in to his advances, he forced himself on her and in the melee, killed her, the police have stated in the chargesheet against the security guard of the Wadala building where the victim stayed in a rented apartment.The more-than-3,000-page chargesheet in the Purkayastha murder case against Mughal will be filed by the crime branch on Tuesday. The police said they were filing the chargesheet before the 90-day deadline as it was an open-and-shut case and the probe had been completed.On August 9, Pallavi, daughter of a Delhi-based senior bureaucrat, Atanu Purkayastha, was found dead by her live-in partner, Avik Sengupta, in the 16th-floor flat of Himalayan Heights at Wadala Bhakti Park. Both law graduates, Pallavi was a legal advisor at film-maker Farhan Akhtar's Excel Entertainment Private Limited and Avik works in a stock-broking firm. The police arrested Mughal (28), the guard of the building, from Mumbai Central station just before he could flee. During interrogation, he confessed to the crime.\"The chargesheet will contain the post-mortem report of Pallavi, the DNA report of Mughal's hair and blood to confirm his presence in the flat that night,\" said Shirish Sawant of crime branch. It will also contain details of how the crime was plotted, besides Mughal's confessions and the statements of around 28 witnesses, including the electrician who visited the flat after Mughal switched off the power supply from the board room, domestic helps, Avik, security guards and Mughal's employer, Ahmed Hamid Enterprises. The police will also attach the mobile call detail records of Pallavi and Avik to show she was alive till 1am, when she last sent a message to Avik; reports of Mughal's bloodstained clothes will also be attached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17014014", "title": "Flavours of Italy floor Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: For gourmands interested in digging into Italian food here is your chance, head to Beaumonde The Fern Ecotel hotel in Kochi which is hosting an Italian food festival-'Koch Italian'.Bite into a traditional Italian pizza, and that too with the toppings of your choice. You can also avail a combo offer, in which you get a pizza, pasta and a glass wine for Rs 599.If that's not all relish an assortment of pasta which is available in different flavours-courtesy the exotic sauces, and it is made of wheat flour making it perfect for the calorie conscious.According to chef Vinay Nigam, Italian food has become a hot favourite with the Keralites.A special counter has been set up for Franco-Italian delicacies like steak Florentine and chicken marsala. The menu for the fest is a mix of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes.If you are here for lunch or dinner, there is a wide range of soups to select from, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. And there is an endless list of desserts for those with a sweet tooth.From Torta di mele' or apple cakes to Panna Cotta, a creamy set, the dessert will end your date on a sweet note.Don't miss the famous Italian coffee, Espresso.The hotel is near Ernakulam south railway station, and the festival is on till November 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17013066", "title": "JEE to be held in two parts, Mains and Advanced", "text": "KANPUR: Those aspiring to study in premier engineering institutes like the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) and National Institute of Technology (NIT) will have to shell out more for appearing in the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE)-2013 as JEE Mains and JEE Advance forms will have to be to filled up separately. This would mean spending more money than last year when only one form was filled. From 2013, the JEE will be held in two parts, Mains and Advance and only those who qualify the Mains will be allowed to appear in the Advance exam.Candidates of the General and OBC categories will have to spend Rs 800 for the Mains form while Schedule Caste/Schedule Tribe (SC/ST) candidates will have to pay Rs 400 for the same purpose.The JEE Advance forms will be available for Rs 1,800 for General and OBC category students and SC/ST students will have to pay Rs 1,000. Registration by girl candidates would be completely free. After filling the form online, candidates can get a print-out, attach a demand draft of Rs 800/400 and send it to CBSE Head Office In Delhi.According to the IIT-Kanpur authorities, the JEE Mains form will be available from November 8 to be filled online. The process will continue till December 15.Earlier, the forms had to be filled from November 1 but as preparations for the same were not complete, the date was postponed for a week.The JEE Mains will be held for the first time. Therefore, the facility of filling exam form online has been provided to the candidates. The JEE Mains is being conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) in 2013. The draft has to be in the name of Secretary, CBSE New Delhi. JEE Mains would be held on April 7 and results declared in May. The top 1.5 lakh students qualifying the JEE Mains will only be able to appear in JEE Advance. Only successful candidates will be required to fill JEE Advance form. The exam would be conducted by all IITs and spearheaded by IIT-Delhi.JEE Mains Form Available From November 8, To Be Filled Online", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17013349", "title": "Ramleela in reality show angers Hindu bodies", "text": "PATIALA: The Ramleela in a reality show has not endeared the participants to Hindu hardliners in Punjab. Bristling at what they perceive as frivolous portrayal of Hindu deities, around 80 Hindu organizations warned of launching a protest if the information and broadcasting ministry failed to act against the participants.An announcement to the effect was made by Lakhwinder Sareen, deputy chief of the Hindu Sangathan Ekta Manch, a group of 80 Hindu organizations in Punjab.BJP MP Navjot Singh Sidhu was criticised for joining the Ramleela despite his political affiliations. \"Sidhu is participating in Bigg Boss only for money. He should not participate in it as he is wasting his time when he should be working for the welfare of the people. We have served an ultimatum of a week to the Union ministry to take action against the participants, director and producers of the reality show. If the Centre fails to take action it will be responsible for the consequences,\" Sareen said. Shiva Sena vice-president Harish Singla also expressed his anger saying no one had the right to hurt religious sentiments.The contentious Ramleela performance held on Dussehra had participants dressed as deities. Hindu organizations have been arguing that neither the dresses nor the dialogues were in line with religious texts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17013895", "title": "Three held in Kottayam for cheating women", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Three men were arrested on Monday for cheating women and robbing them of money and jewellery after trapping them through marriage advertisements in newspapers.Rafeeq (34) of Aarampally in Thiruvananthapuram, Ansar (34) of Kallara in Thiruvananthapuram and Navas (46) of Kulathoorpuzha in Kollam were taken into custody.Police said the group had cheated many women across the state using the same modus operandi. They would give advertisements in newspapers seeking bride for a divorced Muslim youth named Navas. The advertisement would mention the youth is financially well-off and has no demands. Navas would then befriend the women who call him on the number given in the advertisement. He would ask them to meet him in the place he is staying, usually lodge rooms. From here they would take whatever the woman has in her possession and flee the place.The three were arrested following a complaint by a woman from Pathanapuram. Rafeeq and Ansar had brought her to Kottayam on Januray 16. She was told that Rafeeq would marry her the next day at the registrar's office. But instead, they left the place with her jewellery, mobile phone and Rs 2,000 in cash. She later registered a complaint with the Pathanapuram police who handed over the case to the Kottayam West Police. The trio never revealed their real names or address to the women. They also keep constantly changing their phone numbers.The photographs of Rafeeq captured on a webcam in a mobile shop in Thiruvanathapuram helped in trapping the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "17013255", "title": "Nephews gun down SAD ex-MLA in Moga", "text": "MOGA: Former MLA of Shiromani Akali Dal Malkit Singh Keetu was shot dead allegedly by his two nephews outside his house in Bilaspur village of Moga district early Monday morning.Police said prima facie it looks like a \"revenge killing\" as the nephews -- Harpreet Singh and Jaspreet Singh - had fallen out with Keetu and the murder was pre-planned. The cops ruled out property dispute to be the motive behind the killing.\"Three bullets were fired at Keetu. While two hit him in the chest, the last one pierced his thigh,\" said the police officers at the crime site.Kulwant Singh, the son of the deceased leader, has told the police in his complaint that his father was shot between 8.20 am and 8.30 am.As per the complaint, Harpreet, Jaspreet and four more persons, who were armed, came to Keetu's house in two cars, a black Scorpio and a white Swift, in the morning hours.\"My father (Keetu) was standing near the gate after seeing off some guests when Harpreet and Jaspreet opened fire on him. By the time I along with other family members reached the gate, the killers had fled,\" Kulwant, who is Barnala truck union president, stated in his complaint.Keetu, 65, was declared brought dead by doctors at a local hospital, said the police officers.The cops said after the shooting, the accused fled in a hurry in the Swift car and left behind the black Scorpio parked near the house gate. The nephews, against whom many criminal cases are pending and who used to be Keetu's shadow, had parted ways just before the Punjab assembly elections earlier this year in January.The family members of the deceased said that both the nephews used to hurl abuses at Keetu during their public addresses before elections.Police officers said that the nephews were really angry with him and joined Congress party after Keetu had failed to help them with criminal cases police had registered against the duo. None of the accused had been arrested till the filing of this report.ADGP (law &amp; order) S K Sharma, who was sent to Moga following the murder, said, \"It's a pre-planned murder and raids are being conducted to nab all the accused.\" Sharma has been given the charge of monitoring the investigation of the murder and he will be stationed in Moga till the completion of the probe.Besides the nephews, police have also booked their alleged accomplices Angrez Singh, Kuldeep Singh, Raju and Gurpreet Singh.Keetu himself had a controversial political career during which he was jailed after a case of embezzlement in truck union funds of Barnala was registered against him in 2002.Keetu had won the assembly elections for the first time as an independent from Barnala constituency in 1997. He also won the next elections in 2002 from Barnala seat and on Akali ticket. Keetu lost the subsequent 2007 elections and in 2012 assembly polls, he lost to Kewal Singh Dhillon of Congress.Keetu is survived by wife Gurdeep Kaur and son Kulwant Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013919", "title": "Nehru Place pedestrian paths score low on quality, accessibility", "text": "NEW DELHI: A street design audit conducted by a group of NGOs has revealed that walking near the Nehru Place complex is a nightmare. Though Nehru Place, one of the big commercial business districts in Delhi housing hundreds of offices, witnesses heavy pedestrian footfall due to its proximity to a bus terminal and two metro stations - Kalkaji Mandir and Nehru Place - little has been done for this neglected complex area. Broken bus stops and two-foot high pavements make it unsafe for pedestrians.Students of Curtin University from Australia will perform at Nehru Place on Tuesday afternoon to emphasize the \"right to walk\" - the designs standards and elements that are required to guarantee safe and comfortable walkways for all pedestrians and public transport users irrespective of gender, age and disability.The programme, organized by NGOs Clean Air Initiative for Asian Cities (CAI-Asia ) and Samarthyam, National Centre for Accessible Environment, will throw light on issues that affect pedestrians while accessing Metro stations. A pedestrian-inclination survey was conducted on Saturday which assessed the \"walkability\" within 500-metre radii of two metro stations - Nehru Place market and Jor Bagh. The performance, in collaboration with the theatre group, Smita Bharti, is being organized to raise awareness and get public feedback on the existing pedestrian infrastructure.\"Our findings confirm that apedestrian is forever engaged in an obstacle course on the footpath, where he/she has to negotiate with illegally parked vehicles, vendors, potholes, electric poles, and has to compete with motorists. The negotiation is usually one-sided so the question that comes in the pedestrian's mind is whether to walk or not\" , said Reena Tiwari , associate professor at the faculty of Built Environment, Curtin University.For thousands who frequent the area, accessability is a major problem here as the Metro stations are blocked on three sides and their entries are not connected by bus routes. Issues like inadequate parking and pedestrian facilities and women's security have plagued this area for years.Residents of adjoining areas like East of Kailash, Kalkaji and Chittaranjan Park say they avoid going to the complex although it is only a few km from their residence. \"If I have to go for a movie, I prefer travelling to Saket or New Friends Colony. Though Nehru Place houses a major electronics market, I avoid buying gadgets from there because commuting is too much of a hassle. Auto drivers overcharge and it's impossible to walk,\" said CR Park resident, Krittika Singh.The woeful condition of the DTC bus terminal makes the area unsafe for women, especially after dark. \"The bus stop is broken and buses hardly halt there. I have to walk to the Nehru Place bus stop every day from college. I can't dare to do that in the evening hours with unsavoury elements lurking in the vicinity. One has to walk for 500 metre-1 .5 km extra to get to the metro station, which is not a feasible option,\" explained Pooja Mehta, a first-year DU student.Motorists' behaviour and quality of footpaths scored the worst in the people's perception survey. The location opposite Nehru Place Metro Station (on International Trade Tower Road) was found to be a hotspot for the worst motorist behaviour. Among the respondents who found the area difficult to walk, about 55% said it was due to modal conflict, and narrow and irregular pathways. Around 90% of them rated the area as zero as far as accessibility by the disabled is concerned .Room for changeImprove approach roads to Nehru Place commercial complex Cut parking chaos by introducing multilevel parking; calculate parking space requirement for the complex Improve internal circulation plan in complex to make for hassle-free entry and exit Improve footpath availability for pedestrian movement around Nehru Place. Footpaths along commercial complex are 2 feet high, making it difficult for pedestrians Improve lighting and safety for pedestrians, especially women Streamline movement of buses at the bus stop and terminal Construct proper bus stops with lower pavement height. The current bus stop at Nehru Place is broken down and too high and buses rarely stop here Improve connectivity to Nehru Place and Kalkaji Mandir Metro stations that are alienated from other public transport points There is an urgent need for a proper, comprehensive plan for the complex and surrounding roads and all concerned agencies must work in tandem to redevelop it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17017771", "title": "IWMI-Tata Policy Research Program to celebrate decade of 'Water and Society'", "text": "VADODARA: The IWMI-Tata Water Policy Research Program (ITP) will organize annual partners' meet between November 28 and November 30 at the Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA).In December this year, ITP will conclude ten years of partnership between the International Water Management Institute (IWMI), Colombo and Sir Ratan Tata Trust, Mumbai.To celebrate the decade long partnership, the annual partners meet this time will be held under the theme 'Water and Society' - celebrating a decade of policy research partnership on 'Irrigation, Energy, Agriculture and Livelihoods in India'.\"Over the past decade, ITP has engaged in a broad range of water-energy-livelihood-environment issues facing India in a practical, problem solving framework. Time is now ripe to synthesize and celebrate a decade of work under ITP as well as dozens of other IWMI research projects, share it with partners, and explore an agenda for the future,\" Tushaar Shah from IWMI India told TOI.\"We expect 150-200 participants from academia, civil society, governments and above all from young students, researchers and practitioners who have contributed to ITP research as partners at the meet,\" said Shah.\"In the forthcoming annual partners' meet, discussions will be based on some 200 pieces of new field research, scores of new hypotheses will have been tested and dozens of field-based situation assessments will have been made,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013137", "title": "Quacks thrive on corruption, political support, say experts", "text": "PUNE: Political support and underhand dealings are the main reasons behind quacks flourishing in society, say experts.\"It is estimated that about 10 lakh quacks are practising allopathy in India, out of which four lakh are practitioners of Indian medicines like ayurveda, siddha, and unani,\" they added.\"Despite having adequate legal provisions, political backing and corruption among law enforcers have given rise to quacks who are seen making brisk businesses at every nook and corner across the state,\" said ayurveda expert Mandar Ranade, secretary of the National Integrated Medical Association ( NIMA), a national body of ayurveda practitioners.\"Section 33 of the Maharashtra Medical Practitioners Act, 1961 prohibits medical practise by unregistered and unlisted persons. Besides, every practitioner of ayurveda needs to have registration or licence from the Maharashtra Council of Indian Medicine. Hence, any ayurveda doctor who is not registered with the council is a quack,\" Ranade said.Moreover, the Drugs and Magic Remedies Act, 1955 prohibits advertisements that make false or tall claims. The act clearly states that no person or company will take part in advertisement which gives false impression or makes a false claim for the drug or mislead the people.For those ayurveda practitioners who claim to have ayurveda knowledge passed down by their ancestors, there is a traditional medicine department under department of ayurveda, yoga and naturopathy, unani, siddha and homeopathy (AYUSH) of the Union ministry of health and family welfare.\"Such practitioners of ayurveda should seek the nod of the department to provide treatment,\" Ranade said.Besides, the traditional medicine department has set up a repository of traditional knowledge, especially about medicinal plants and formulations used in Indian systems of medicine known as Traditional Knowledge Digital Library. \"Those doctors who claim to have received knowledge of ayurvedic medicines should approach the department to substantiate their claim of having medicines that give positive results,\" Ranade said.Sharing the view, homeopathy practitioner Mahesh Wayal, president of the Maharashtra Homeopathic General Practitioners' Association, said: \"People should not get lured by advertisements promising 100% cure. I see at least two patients with piles, fistula every alternate day who had earlier approached a quack in search of a magical remedy and were disappointed after trying their 'medicine'.\"He said the association had tried to create awareness among people to prevent them from falling prey to quacks. \"The awareness campaigns make people understand the disease, myths, causes, and the simplicity of modern surgery so that they do not approach quacks,\" Wayal said.Studies have revealed that in densely populated urban poor settlements in big cities, 90% of private medical practitioners do not have formal degrees. However, that does not stop them from being the first point of contact for 92% of the inhabitants.The report said the quacks were thriving because people living in urban slums and resettlement colonies had no access to quality healthcare. Also, the slum-dwellers, mostly daily wage earners, wanted quick fix solutions which the quacks provided.\"We found that going to a government hospital is twice as much expensive compared to consulting these unqualified practitioners,\" said a doctor. The commonest medical conditions treated by these unqualified practitioners were fever, diarrhoea, asthma , TB, weakness, pain, etc.\"Quacks lure people with low costs and instant relief, and patients don't consider the long-term effects of such treatment,'' Wayal said.Some office-bearers of the Indian Medical Association said, \"The government has not carried out any survey of quacks despite repeated demand by the association. It has been reported that the number of quacks are increasing both in urban and rural areas. The health of the gullible people, including the poor, critically ill, women and children is at stake. Therefore, there is a greater need to act against quacks wherever any of us come across them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17013939", "title": "MP initiates privilege action against Munda", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) Lok Sabha MP fom Jamshedpur, Ajay Kumar has sent a complaint letter to the privilege committee of Parliament against chief minister Arjun Munda for allegedly preventing him from carrying out welfare schemes in his constituency.He has alleged that Munda is preventing him from pursuing his solar lights installation programme. \"It's a pity and shameful that Munda who has represented the constituency in the past is preventing me from carrying out development programmes here. His acts amounts to breach of privilege. I have sent a notice to the House panel seeking action against Munda\" said he in a press conference at the local circuit house on Monday.Kumar, a former IPS officer, is peeved over Munda for issuing diktat to the local corporate houses, asking them to stop funding the development works initiated by him. \"On complaints received from the local party cadres about corporate funding to Ajay Kumar's solar light installation scheme, Munda asked the corporates to practice unbiased approach in dealing with issues that have political undertones,\" said a BJP's district committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011005", "title": "Unpaid contractors lock up VIDC office", "text": "NAGPUR: The region's irrigation contractors demanding early payment of their dues held a protest march to the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) office in Civil Lines on Monday.It's been over a year since contractors particularly those who have undertaken work for the Gosikhurd project have not received their payments. Initially, work in many projects slowed down but now, it has virtually come to a standstill.Over 100 contractors reached the VIDC office and locked up the premises to show their resentment. \"VIDC owes contractors around Rs950 crore of which Rs550 crore pertains to the Gosikhurd dam which has been classified as a national project,\" said Shirish Chakradeo, president of Vidarbha Contractors and Builders Association (VCBA).\"We have not received funds for Gosikhurd works for almost 17 months. As far as the other projects is concerned, the delay is six months,\" said Chakradeo. This is mainly because the centre which partly finances some of the irrigation projects has held up the funds.\"Payments have been regular in the works which are entirely funded by the state government,\" he added.The central government funds for the Gosikhurd project was initially stopped due to complaints of shoddy work in the two canals. Money for other projects continued to be paid.\"With the 12{+t}{+h} financial plan beginning from current financial, the ministry of finance has not approved any allocation for the period. It may take another month for approval after which the funds will be finally released by March,\" said a source.Payment in certain projects is also being withheld on account of poor quality of work. \"The contractors are not to be blamed,\" claimed the association.In its defence, VCBA said that only a fraction of the total work was found to be shoddy by the VIDC. The erring contractors were fined almost five times the cost of the lapse. Around Rs20 crore is also held up for want of approval of revised estimates by the VIDC.The association has also blamed VIDC for not managing its finances well. Lack of payment has also led to financial distress for many of the contactors, claimed the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hubli/dharwad/belgaum", "code": "17013455", "title": "Valmiki Bhavan in every district: Minister", "text": "HUBLI/DHARWAD/BELGAUM: The state government will construct Valmiki Bhavan in every district in the days to come, said minister for water resources Basavaraj Bommai and asked the officials to identify the land for the Bhavan in Dharwad so that it could be constructed soon.Speaking at a function to mark the Maharshi Walmiki Jayanti organized by the district administration at Karnataka Vidyavardhaka Sangha here on Monday he said Walmiki who is credited with gifting a great epic like Ramayana should not be confined to a particular caste.Bommai said Ramayana is a much revered epic containing values of life for everyone to follow and the author of such an epic is revered by all Indians. Bommai said the time had come for Indians to look at Vedas and Upanishads to preserve the country's rich moral and ethical heritage.MP Prahlad Joshi explained how a hunter was reformed into a great saint and poet and added that the values propagated in Ramayana were helpful to create a casteless society. He said Ramayana dealt with all aspects of life and by reading between the lines one would understand the spirit behind the theme.Registrar of Krishnadevaraya University Rangaraj Vanadurga delivered a special lecture highlighting the intricacies of Ramayana and how explained the transformation of Walmiki from hunter to saint-poet. MLA Chandrakant Bellad presided.At a function held at the corporation premises, in Hubli, mayor Pandurang Patil called upon citizens to inculcate values and thoughts of Maharishi Valmiki in their lives. Corporation Commissioner YS Patil, corporation opposition leader Dasharath Waliwere present on the occasion.In Belgaum, leader of Valmiki community MLA Satish Jarkiholi called upon the community people to come into the main stream of society by achieving educational, social and economical prosperity. He was speaking after inaugurating Maharshi Valmiki Jayanti organized by the district administration here on Monday. This before district in-charge minister Umesh Katti inaugurated the procession at Fort Lake, in which different folk art teams and tableaux participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012538", "title": "List of students to be awarded released", "text": "LUCKNOW: Gautam Buddh Technical University has released the list of students to be conferred with the gold and silver medals for their outstanding performance on its convocation day. According to university officials, the convocation is scheduled on December 28. The governor who is also the Chancellor of state universities has approved the date.Though the preparations have already begun, university officials have yet not been able to zero-in on the chief guest. Sources said that the university has approached Srikumar Banerjee, former chairman of Atomic Energy Commission to be the chief guest. But his confirmation is still awaited. \"In case of the proposed chief guest not able to make for the convocation, the university will approach the governor for a suitable chief guest,\" said a senior university official.University pro vice-chancellor Prof VK Singh said, \"List of students who will be given gold and silver medals has been uploaded on the website.'' The university has sort out names of top 20 students in 15 groups comprising BTech, management, pharmacy, fashion designing and other courses running in the university.A total of 30 final year students - first and second position holders in each course will be conferred with gold and silver medal respectively. Over 60,000 students belonging to various technical institutes affiliated to GBTU and MTU ( Mahamaya Technical University) will get their degrees at the convocation. Other than students who will get medal, students who have secured more than 70% marks in their exams will also participate in the convocation. University officials expect participation of nearly 50 research students who have completed their PhD this year.To expedite work, the merit list of students has also been given to the colleges. The university has asked all colleges to carefully check the names and inform the university of the changes, if any, latest by November 10. \"The colleges have been asked to verify the names and send the exact spelling, so that errors can be avoided,\" said Prof Singh.Meanwhile, the colleges have not sent the list of final year students in Hindi. The university has given a deadline of November 3 to all colleges to send the details of students passing out in the academic session 2012-13. tnn\"Delay in sending the details of students by colleges might lead to delay in getting the degrees printed. We hope that all degrees are printed latest by second week of December,\" said another university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013101", "title": "Vadgaon Budruk couple attempts suicide, wife dies", "text": "PUNE: A 45-year-old woman, who allegedly consumed poison along with her husband, was found dead inside their house in Tukainagar in Vadgaon Budruk. The condition of the husband is critical.The Haveli police have identified the woman as Asha Babasaheb Rindhe. Her husband Babasaheb Rindhe (49) is undergoing treatment in a private hospital in Pune.Sub-inspector of the Haveli police station, Bajarang Kapse, told TOI that Rindhe's younger brother found them unconscious in their room on Monday evening. He rushed them to a private hospital, where Asha was declared dead on arrival.Kapse said the investigations have revealed that for the last few years, Babasaheb has been struggling with health problems. \"We suspect that they may have attempted suicide due to his health problems,\" Kapse said.Kapse said the Rindhe family runs an electroplates manufacturing unit in Pune. \"Rindhe's elder son looks after the family business, while his younger son is a student,\" Kapse said.Three more incidents of suicide were reported in Moshi, Nigdi and Bhosari on Monday.Sarita Amol Barbal (32) of Moshi allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her house. The incident came to light on Monday evening when after her husband found her hanging in the kitchen. Police said the reason behind the suicide was not known.At Landewadi in Bhosari, 31-year-old Arjun Ajeet Sarode allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his house. Police said Sarode, who was an alcoholic, may have committed suicide under the influence of alcohol.Forty-seven-year-old Shewta Umakant Parvatkar of Nigdi committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling of her house. According to police, Parvakar was suffering from diabetes and her husband was about to take her to a doctor on Monday afternoon, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17013976", "title": "Total4U violated RBI norms: Police tells court", "text": "KOCHI: Sabarinath, who duped the public through a Ponzi scheme named Total4U, has been booked for violating the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) regulations, in addition to charges of cheating, police submitted to the Kerala high court on Monday.The submission by the crime branch wing of police was in response to the court's earlier direction to inform about the progress of investigation. Petitions by investors as well as an action council formed by depositors seeking a CBI enquiry are pending before the high court.On Monday, additional director general of prosecution K I Abdul Rasheed submitted that in addition to charges of cheating, R Sabarinath has also been booked for violating Reserve Bank of India regulations.Sabarinath's firm was operating without the licence prescribed by Reserve Bank of India for running non-banking financial companies, the additional DGP submitted.Police has also informed the court that Sabarinath and his accomplices have been booked for not maintaining the minimum standards of reserve fund as prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India Act of 1934.According to the act, all non-banking financial companies should maintain at least 20 per cent of their profit as a reserve fund. The law stipulates that this fund shouldn't be used by the firm in any other way than as allowed by Reserve Bank of India from time to time.While depositors have alleged that Sabarinath duped them of more than Rs 250 crore, the crime branch has submitted to the court that their probe revealed that only Rs 50 crore has been lost.The accused also forged bank documents to show that the firm owned more than Rs 50 crore in fixed deposits at the Thiruvananthapuram branch of Centurion Bank, the police has submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17013385", "title": "Now, Gurgaon has a hospital mall", "text": "Gurgaon: The Fortis Memorial Research Institute (FMRI) - named the 'next-generation concept hospital'- was officially inaugurated in Gurgaon on Monday. The facility is a unique combination of a multi-specialty hospital and a multi-brand shopping-mall, with eighteen retail and food outlets set up on the premises.\"This is a comprehensive institute, aimed at delivering cutting-edge medicine, in line with the best that is available in the West,\" said Malvinder Singh, executive chairman, Fortis Healthcare Limited (FHL). At present, the FMRI has been equipped with 25 operating rooms and 450 beds. Fortis representatives say that this institute will provide 'advanced multi-clinical treatments for complex medical problems.'In the next phase of operations here will also see an expansion both in terms of space and facilities. The number of beds, for one, will be taken up to 1,000. Besides, the place will soon have a health club and spa and a movie lounge. \"The facility has been designed with great sensitivity, keeping in mind the anxiety and stress that patients and their families undergo,\" said Shivinder Singh , executive vice chairman, FHL.The hospital staff comprises 400 doctors and 1,000 nurses. \"It is the first hospital in its category to have a full-fledged stem-cell lab. We will also offer robotic surgery and organ transplant facilities,\" said an FMRI representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014180", "title": "Armyman held for raping cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Army personnel has been arrested in northwest Delhi for allegedly raping a Delhi Police constable . In her complaint, the woman has alleged that the man, who was in a physical relationship with her, reneged on his promise to marry her.A senior cop said the couple met in a train, and casual acquaintance grew into intimacy with frequent telephone calls. He used to meet her in Delhi and tied the knot with her at a Ghaziabad temple . However, later, he refused to accept her as his wife. The man also allegedly threatened to kill the woman constable.\"A few months ago, the two met on the Janta Express to Rohtak. The woman was feeling giddy and he gave her a medicine. They exchanged numbers and stayed in touch,\" said the officer.\"The victim also alleged that the man took her ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh but later refused to return them or even acknowledge her. When she recorded an FIR against him, he came to her house and tried to harm her but was overpowered and handed over to police. He is already married and has a son,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17013047", "title": "New trains to meet holiday rush", "text": "KANPUR: In view of the festival of Deepawali and to meet the passenger rush, railway authorities have decided to introduce special trains. Chief Public Relations Officer, North Central Railways Sandeep Mathur, informed that train number 02501/02502 Guwahati-New Delhi express will be on tracks from November 1.This train will pass through Golpara Towan, Alipurdwar Junction, New Jalpaiguri, Kisanganj, Katihar, Begusarai, Barauni, Patna, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur Central railway stations. Train number 02501 will run from Guwahati every Thursday and train no. 02502 will run from Delhi every Friday. The special train will be on the tracks till November 23. It will have one AC I, two AC II and 10 AC III coaches.Another train 01711/01712 will run between Jabalpur and Patna. The special train will pass through Katni, Satna, Manikpur, Mirzapur, Buxar and Aara railway stations. Train no. 01711 will run from Jabalpur on Novermber 10,12,14,16,18 and 20. On its return journey it will be train number 01712 and will run on November 11,13,15,17,19 and 21. The special train will have one AC II, one AC III and five sleeper coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "17012662", "title": "Worker's death sparks protest in Bhiwandi", "text": "BHIWANDI: A protest staged in Bhiwandi by labourers on Monday, demanding the post-mortem examination of a worker who was electrocuted on Sunday at a powerloom factory, turned violent.According to the police, Devraj Patel (45), a temporary labourer at a factory in Narmada Nagar, was electrocuted while at work. Reportedly, after Patel's death, owner of the factory, Sanjay Shah, refused to get an autopsy done and asked the victim's family to collect the body from the hospital.Irked by Shah's refusal, labourers forcibly shut down powerloom factories in the nearby areas. When the police tried to stop them, the labourers attacked the cops and damaged two bikes. Additional forces had to be called in. Cops also had to resort to lathicharge in which four persons were injured.Patel's body was eventually sent for a post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17013986", "title": "Most cops don't know how to handle a gun", "text": "KOCHI: When it comes to operating a pistol, revolver or an AK 47, police personnel in the city will cut a sorry figure. Except for a few officers, none in the force knows even the basics of handling guns. And above all, they fear using these weapons.There are nearly 2,000 police personnel in 21 police stations under the city police. But a majority of them do not know how to load a revolver/pistol or fire it in an emergency.Even though this is the truth, senior police officials keep claiming that police personnel are provided proper arms training through the annual refreshment programme. When enquired, a policeman at a station, who carried a pistol, said it was just part of his ceremonial attire and that he did not know how to operate the pistol properly.\"We don't know how to operate a gun. In fact, we are afraid to use it. Any wrong move may kill us. I believe only the sub-inspector and the circle inspector know how to operate it,\" said a policeman.A senior officer said police personnel generally bunk the training camp by taking medical leave. \"Just ask them to load bullets into a pistol and they will shiver,\" he said.Kochi City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said all police personnel were supposed to know how to use small arms. \"The department conducts regular training programmes. There might be a few senior police personnel who are only familiar with .303 rifles. It has been made mandatory for all police personnel to attend the pistol training programme,\" he added.Kochi city deputy commissioner of police T Gopalakrishna Pillai said the department conducted arms training camp for police personnel every year.He said police personnel on general duty rarely used guns. \"So there is a possibility of them forgetting how to operate guns. AK 47s are generally used only by specially-trained armed police personnel and a few senior officials,\" the DCP said. Apart from .303 rifles, police stations in the city have a set of pistols and revolvers. Generally pistols and revolvers are allotted to officers in the rank of sub-inspector and above. Police personnel in the station are supposed to operate guns in case of an emergency. Kochi city police have an armory containing AK 47s, pistols, revolvers and .303 rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17015361", "title": "Magadh University colleges register 70-80% attendance after vacation", "text": "PATNA: Academic activities are back on various college campuses under Magadh University, which reopened on Monday after Durga Puja, with 70-80% attendance in each class. Students were seen standing in long queue in all colleges for the ongoing Intermediate registration procedure.A N College principal Haridwar Singh said Intermediate and Degree level students attended their classes as usual. Students admitted to various vocational courses also turned up in large numbers to attend their classes, he said.College of Commerce also witnessed a great rush of students for both attending classes as well as submission of registration forms for Intermediate courses. Boys and girls turned up in good numbers to attend both vocational and Degree level regular classes, said a senior teacher of college.Students turned up in large numbers at B D College also to attend their classes on the opening day. The college witnessed rush of students due to ongoing Intermediate registration process. Classes in vocational courses, including MBA, were held as usual, said college principal B N Ohja.J D Women's College also witnessed almost 100% attendance on opening day. Apart from attending their classes, the girls had a lot of fun on the college campus, said principal Usha Singh.Arvind Mahila College was also a centre of activities on the opening day and classes were held as usual. Teachers were present in full strength on the %opening day. Several girls turned up to make inquiry about admission to PG courses, said college principal Asha Singh.Similar scenes were witnessed in other constituent colleges of Magadh University, including T P S College, B S College, Danapur, R P S College, Patna City, Dwarika College on the opening day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012891", "title": "Old cases haunt Rahman Khan", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka State Minorities Commission chairman Anwar Manippady on Monday raked up old cases pending against newly inducted Union minister K Rahman Khan. They pertained to financial irregularities in Amanath Cooperative Bank Ltd. Manipaddy alleged the Reserve Bank of India had indicted Khan for that.In a statement here, Manippady alleged Khan and his family were involved in embezzlement of the bank's funds.Khan denied the RBI had indicted him or there was any criminal complaint. Only a civil dispute is pending in court, he said. \"Everytime I get a post, Manippady rakes up the issue...\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017221", "title": "We used to bully Kundan during 'Jaane Bhi Do...': Om Puri", "text": "With a shoestring budget, every day of the shoot was a struggle for 'Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro' team but actor Om Puri says he has some of the best memories of working on the 1983 satire classic and bullying its director Kundan Shah.The film, whose restored version is releasing on November 2, has gained cult status over the years. Puri, who played corrupt builder Ahuja, recalls how they sailed through despite budget problems by sleeping on the floor and eating 'lauki ki sabzi and dal' everyday.\"It was made on a very small budget. Our food came from the director's house. He had hired a cook and it was 'lauki and dal' everyday. I remember on my first day of the shoot, someone asked for a cup of tea. I heard the production manager shouting, 'Aarre yaar , you just had tea an hour ago'. It was that kind of situation but we all were friends and sailed through despite all odds,\" Puri told .The film, which is being re-released by NFDC and PVR cinemas after a gap of 29 years, had some of the best theatre and film artistes like Naseeruddin Shah , Ravi Baswani, Satish Kaushik, Pankaj Kapur, Satish Shah, Neena Gupta and Puri.The actor says that since all of them were in the initial stages of their career and of the same age, they had fun despite the discomforts.\"We were shooting in a bungalow in Alibaug. There were no bedsheets... We would spread towel on the floor and sleep for couple of hours in the varanda of that bungalow. I remember, our cinematographer Binod Pradhan was once so exhausted that he fell asleep when he was supposed to roll the camera.The 'Mahabharat' scene of the film is almost as famous as the movie itself and Puri recalls how he convinced Shah to let him wear his character's trademark black glasses.\"We used to bully Kundan a lot. I remember during the Mahabharat scene I am wearing goggles. Kundan was not happy. He said, 'What is this? You are wearing goggles in Mahabharat scene'. I said, 'Relax Kundan, look at the situation. I wear them in the film, yes or no'. He said, 'Yes, but it is the Mahabharat scene'.\"I said, 'Look at the situation. We are hitting everyone that goes backstage and change into their clothes. I forgot to remove my glasses'. Finally, he let it be and that's how my goggles remained in the scene.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011316", "title": "Anna Hazare, Gen V K Singh to tour country from Jan 30", "text": "MUMBAI: Anti-graft activist Anna Hazare and former army chief General V K Singh on Monday launched a blistering attack on the UPA government at a press meet, demanding that Parliament be dissolved since the UPA government had crossed all limits of corruption.\"As per our Constitution, India is a welfare state in which a democratically elected government is duty-bound to protect and improve the life of the masses,\" said Singh. \"But the current system has completely ignored these principles and has surrendered to market forces.Speaking on the issue of land acquisition, the former army chief said that the government had no compunctions about selling even cultivable land to corporates after acquiring it from farmers. \"The land that should naturally belong to the people of the country is being distributed among private companies,\" he said. \"People are feeling oppressed due to these policies. MPs too have stopped raising the issues of ownership of water, forest and land in Parliament. Is it not necessary to determine who own the forest, water, minerals and land of this country? To facilitate them in taking this decision, it is imperative to dissolve this parliament.\"Hazare announced that he would tour the country with Singh from January 30. \"Already 1,200 engineers, including some IITians, have applied to be a part of this movement in January,\" he said. When asked whether he would support Arvind Kejriwal's party, Hazare said, \"If Arvind contests, I will support him. I will support his candidates if they are clean. I underwent an eye operation and haven't been in touch with him for eight weeks. Our paths are different but our mission is the same. Somebody needs to enter Parliament, and he adopted that path.\"Singh reiterated that when a people's parliament was elected, several progressive measures like Lokpal, rural development, the right to recall, empowerment of gram sabhas and amendments to all redundant laws enacted by the British would take place. Commenting on the issue of black money, he said, \"Bring back black money from foreign banks. This government is looting the nation even more than the British did. It's time we brought it down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17013794", "title": "Haryana police launch helpline for women in distress", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Beleaguered by a spate of rape cases, the Haryana police have launched a helpline for women in distress. The helpline number, 1091, will be functional around the clock at all district police control rooms in the state.Haryana Director General of Police Ranjiv Singh Dalal formally launched the helpline during a function held at District Police Lines, Moginand, Panchkula. He said this is one of the measures taken to ensure safety of women, especially in the face of threat.The helpline is accessible from anywhere in the country and abroad. Women police officials have been deputed in every police control room around the clock to attend to complaints. On receiving distress calls, the staff at the control room will alert the nearest police station, police post or PCR van.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17011248", "title": "No work, take leave: Mining companies to employees", "text": "PANAJI: Seven weeks after mining operations came to a grinding halt in Goa, mining companies are finding new responsibilities for their staff.Employees at the officer level in some companies have been directed to exhaust their leave and there have been hints of relocation to other branches. Others are being made to carry out corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities that range from cleaning temples and religious structures to teaching students from economically backward families.Mining operations were stopped after the Shah Commission report on illegal mining was tabled in Parliament on September 6. This is the first time in six decades that the industry has seen its operations halted and led to some mining companies suggesting that employees exhaust their leave.\"Officials working in our mines have been verbally directed to go on leave,\" employees working at a mine in Bicholim taluka told TOI. The mine workers were worried about their future as only three officers were now maintaining the mine.Sources said some mining company managements were deliberating during the last two weeks on how to deal with the situation and reduce liability. Companies that run mining mines operating outside the state and country have hinted to staff that they may be transferred outside the state.\"We have been instructed verbally that we may have to join other branches but there is no official confirmation,\" sources working in one of the top three mining companies operating in the state told TOI.Sources said speculation among senior technical and engineering staff is that managements would announce the option of transfers soon. Some companies have mines operating outside India and the buzz in a big corporate house is that senior staff may be asked to join the group's subsidiary companies in India and abroad.Some mining companies have already started the process of giving 'breaks' or laying off contract workers at the lower level.Rivona Truck Owners Association member Remy Fernandes said, \"Villagers from Rivona and Colomba employed in mines as labourers, sweepers, cleaners and supervisors have been told they are being given a break and that they will be laid off by December if mining does not restart.\"INSETPetition against Rane, Kamat and 25 mining firmsPanaji: Former chief ministers Pratapsingh Rane and Digmabar Kamat, and 25 mining companies have been named respondents in cases filed before the National Green Tribunal by an NGO. The petition seeks compensation to victims of environmental destruction due to illegal mining and further seeks the assessment of actual damage caused to the original property leased to mining companies. P 3", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17014079", "title": "Assam tribute to blast victims today", "text": "GUWAHATI: On the eve of completion of four years of the October 30 serial blasts, the Assam government seems to be working at cross purposes. While it is preparing to pay a tribute to victims on Tuesday, it is also chalking out a strategy with the Centre to negotiate with National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) - the perpetrators of the heinous act.At a time when the state government and the Centre are almost on the verge of inking a peace pact with the outfit, the demand for justice seeking maximum punishment for the culprits, including NDFB chief Ranjan Daimary, is getting louder. The Centre's peace interlocutor P C Haldar has started talks with Daimary, who is behind the bars at present. He has also hinted at signing of a pact soon.\"The government is trying to sign a peace agreement with the ultras for the greater benefit of the masses. But no agreement should also overlook the sentiments of people. A peace dialogue can be organised without freeing the militants too. As a citizen of the country, we have our own rights to seek justice,\" said Indranil Kalita, the organising secretary of Forum for Terrorist Victims' Family, Assam.Recently, NDFB (Ranjan Daimary) faction demanded freeing of its leaders first to initiate the peace process. \"It's a tough call. The state government and the Centre are chalking out a strategy to give the peace process with NDFB a feasible shape,\" said an official.Meanwhile, the state government will pay tribute to the victims of the serial blasts at a function under the Ganeshguri flyover in the city. Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi will unveil a memorial on Tuesday. Similar programmes are also being organized by various other organizations at the three blast sites, including Ganeshguri, CJM court premises and Panbazar here.The Lawyers' Association here, along with Public Awareness Forum and Justice for Society, in collaboration with Gauhati Medical College Hospital, has organised a blood donation camp at the CJM court premises. The All Assam Students' Union has also announced to take out a candlelight rally to pay tribute to the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014182", "title": "Separate bus lane on new BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after the Delhi government gave a green signal to seven new bus rapid transit (BRT) corridors by PWD, the transport department is going full steam ahead on the next BRT project: the Karawal Nagar to Shastri Park corridor.\"The cabinet note on the Karawal Nagar BRT is going to be moved next week. The tender for the project should be awarded within the next six months,\" said a senior government official. Incidentally, the detailed project report for the corridor has been re-submitted by DIMTS, the agency incharge , with extension of the corridor to Gandhi Nagar and ISBT Kashmere Gate. As per the new report, the corridor will be a hybrid or open BRT, that is, there will be a separate dedicated bus lane. However, unlike the existing BRT at Ambedkar Nagar , the non-motorised transport lane will be wider on this 15.5km long corridor.\"Whereas the NMT lane is between 2.5-3 m on the Ambedkar Nagar BRT, in the Karawal Nagar-Shastri Park corridor, it will be 4m. This is because the number of cyclists and other NMT is far more on this stretch,\" said the official. According to the report, the areas falling along the corridor are medium to low income group and have a large number of two-wheelers which makes the corridor \"pro-BRT\" .Also, DIMTS has proposed to build a split flyover at G T Road for motor vehicles while buses will ply at grade. \"There will be no reduction in existing road space. In fact, we are planning to widen the roads, especially along Yamuna Bank,\" added the official.In the main corridor and link roads - which are ISBT Kashmere Gate to Shastri Park junction, Khajuri junction to Yamuna Vihar, Gandhi Nagar to Shastri Park Metro station and cul-de-sac within Metro station compound - the roads will be widened to 32m, says the report.The project will be built in two phases, said sources. The first phase will be from Karawal Nagar to Gandhi Nagar, which is approximately 8.5km. The second phase will cover Bhajanpura to More Gate and ISBT Kashmere Gate. The cost of the two phases of the corridor is expected to be Rs 350 crore, with construction time estimated at 28 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17013413", "title": "Group clashes trigger tension in Old City area", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension gripped the Old City on Monday night with groups from two communities pelting stones at each other in Karwan and Kulsumpura. Miscreants set ablaze 15 shops in Sabzi Mandi and targeted two religious places.Trouble erupted in Ziyaguda when people from a community burnt religious flags of another community tied near a place of worship. According to police sources, it was a retaliatory attack to a flag-burning incident which had happened in the area two days ago.Soon, people from both the communities gathered in huge numbers on the streets and started hurling stones at each other. Violence quickly spread to neigbouring Karwan and Tappachabutra areas. \"About 10 shops have been set ablaze in Ziyaguda and two places of worship were targeted,\" a Task Force officer said. Police resorted to lathicharge to disperse the violent mob and imposed section 144 in the area. Police personnel from all police stations in the West Zone have been rushed to the trouble spots. The South Zone police and Musheerbad police have been put on high alert. Senior police officers are monitoring the situation. Task Force and Rapid Action Force have also been rushed to the areas to assist the local police in controlling the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016701", "title": "Paul McCartney's Aston Martin goes on sale", "text": "A luxury sports car previously owned by Paul McCartney is set to under the hammer later this week.It is the musician's first Aston Martin, which he was purchased in 1964 just as The Beatles became the biggest band in music history, the Courier Mail reported.After the band finished filming A Hard Day's Night and appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show, McCartney rewarded himself by ordering an Aston Martin DB5 - fitted out with a Philips record player and a musical note pattern stitched into the leather upholstery.While the car cost just 3800 pounds at that time, it's now expected to fetch more than 100 times at the auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011841", "title": "Forest babus snub transparency panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: After cocking a snook at the National Green Tribunal (NGT), the environment ministry's Forest Advisory Committee (FAC) has also snubbed the Central Information Commission (CIC) by holding meetings and clearing projects in violation of the panel's orders on disclosing the proposals to public.In addition, even after three years of the environment ministry's orders, the committee \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the mandatory body to give its nod for use of forests \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has bypassed the need to seek the compulsory consent from affected village councils of tribals and forest-dwellers.Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan told TOI, \"These actions and decisions of the officials are unacceptable to me. The forthcoming meeting of the FAC will be postponed, and I shall resolve these issues.\"The FAC's decision \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to clear projects defying the norms laid down by CIC as well as its parent ministry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d comes even as the forest bureaucracy has told the NGT that the authority to give forest clearance doesn't come under its purview.In February, the CIC had ordered that the environment and forests ministry must put out details of the projects to be cleared in public domain before the FAC considers them. These, the commission demanded, be put out at least 10 days before the FAC considers the cases.But the FAC had failed to do so. In fact, it has put out even the agenda of the meeting only a couple of days before the senior forest officials in the FAC decide to clear the projects.The FAC, which is chaired by the director-general of forests, has persisted with violating the 2009 orders of the parent ministry, demanding that the panel ensure affected villages certify that their rights have been settled under the Forest Rights Act (FRA) in the green patch under consideration and also give their consent for use.Minutes of the meetings held since April show that many cases were cleared without considering the FRA and parent ministry's orders. The 2009 order requiring the clearance process fall in line with the FRA has largely been ignored by the forest bureaucracy since its inception. Senior forest officials had even asked Natarajan's predecessor, Jairam Ramesh , to withdraw the orders.In April, almost three years after the orders were passed by the environment ministry to synchronize the clearance process with provisions of FRA, FAC resolved in a meeting to follow it. It had also asked for all relevant documents, including the village council resolutions, consenting to the forest diversion. But soon after, the minutes reveal, the committee, which consists of senior forest officials and three non-government experts (with one vacancy at the moment), started ignoring the orders while clearing projects.A perusal of the latest agenda of scheduled FAC meeting shows that even projects that had been rejected earlier for lack of mandated documents or falling foul of regulations and norms are back on the talks table, including the Kalu Dam project in Maharashtra's Thane district, which is also under litigation in the High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017861", "title": "Seema Singh to dance in a Gujrati film", "text": "Dancing queen of Bhojpuri cinema Seema Singh will soon amaze the audience of Bhojpuri cinema with her dancing skills. Seema has been roped in for a dance number in Gujrati film. Name of the movie is 'Aatank'. The film is directed by Ravi Sinha and the shoot will progress in Gujrat.Before this Seema Singh has also danced to some Marathi and Bengali songs. Seema Singh is very excited for the audience response. Seema has also been roped in for an item number in Bengali film 'Latoo'.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17016362", "title": "CA says night Test cricket inevitable", "text": "MELBOURNE: Cricket Australia on Tuesday welcomed ICC's decision to approve the much-debated concept of playing day-night Test matches, and said the world body's new ruling will pave the way for day-night Tests becoming a reality soon.In a decision intended to boost the flagging popularity of the five-day game, the ICC on Monday gave its nod to day-night Test matches but left it to the interested parties to choose the type of ball to be used.CA chief executive officer James Sutherland, who has long argued that cricket needs to recognise that fans have a better chance of watching Test cricket if it is played at night, patted ICC for their innovative decision.\"Test cricket is by definition played on at least three week days, times when most people are at work or school, and this limits the ability of fans to attend or watch on TV,\" he said in a statement.\"We limit ourselves by staging cricket's premium format at times when fans often cannot watch. We know that the audience for the Perth Test, which is on TV in the evening on the east coast, is up significantly because fans in the East can tune in after work.\"CA has a formal strategic plan that demands that Australian cricket puts fans first and we will now add day-night Tests to the agenda when we talk to other Test nations about their future tours down-under,\" Sutherland added.While announcing the new ruling, the ICC said that the home and visiting boards will decide on the hours of play which will be six hours of scheduled play per day apart from deciding on the precise brand, type and colour of ball to be used for the match.Sutherland believed that the shorter formats of the game had shown that batsmen could make big scores under lights.He also said that he didn't want to create expectations that day-night Tests are just around the corner.\"Finding a Test ball that is as easily visible in the day as it is at night is still a technical work in progress that the ICC is now leading and it has not yet been possible to predict when such a ball might be available,\" the CA chief said.\"The traditional red ball is not regarded as suitable for night cricket because it is not as visible at night as it is in the day, and the ODI white ball is not suitable for Tests as it is not as durable as the red ball and does not last as well as a Test ball needs to last,\" Sutherland elaborated.\"Experiments with other colours such as pink, orange and yellow have seen some promising developments in recent times and Cricket Australia will, together with the ICC and ball manufacturers, continue to encourage research and development that delivers a ball with the optimal colour and durability for Test cricket,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17011583", "title": "Is it disappointing not to find a Goan in the Union Cabinet once again?", "text": "Definitely, the Centre should have given Goa representation in the Union cabinet. Right now, Goa is in deep trouble with the mining problem. If there was proper representation at the Centre this problem could have been addressed properly. There needs to be a connection between the state government and the Centre. Especially since there are two different parties running these governments. Mining affects a large number of people either directly or indirectly. The state government needs the Centre's support and a Goan MP in the cabinet would have helped address the problem in a better way.Venkatesh HegdeDoctor, MargaoThe absence of a Goan indicates very clearly that the Congress at the Centre does not consider Goa as an important element in the Congress horizon. And hence, if a Goan is present in the ministry or not is not of great importance in the equations which dictate politics at the central level. Therefore, it should be an eyeopener for Goans, who have been supporters of the Congress party.Antonio Loboadvocate, MapusaYes ofcourse I am disappointed not to find a Goan in the Union cabinet. Both the MPs Francisco Sardinha and Shantaram Naik are experienced persons, working for the Congress for years. They could have represented Goa in the ministry and could have done a lot of good work for Goa, especially when the state is facing mining crisis. They could also have got a good package for rehabilitation of the mining dependents. Apparently, the centre appears to be ignoring Goa.Vandana Jogadvocate, PondaDefinitely yes. I say this firstly because all past representatives from Goa in the Union cabinet have proved that they are good performers in the interest of the nation and secondly because the present members of parliament are persons of calibre and experience. They have a good educational, administrative and political background as well.Ernesto MonizEngineering consultant, Fatorda", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012809", "title": "Public trust takes Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to court over new dump", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC is in trouble again over alleged environmental violations at its Kanjurmarg dumping ground site. Public trust Vanashakti on Monday filed a PIL in the Bombay high court over alleged destruction of mangroves and violations of wetlands and intertidal mudflats at the site.The BMC is currently working on setting up a 66 hectare sanitary landfill on a 142 hectare dumping ground site at Kanjurmarg. A bio-reactor plant to treat waste is also being set up at the site, which abuts the Thane creek. Set up according to Supreme Court guidelines, the site will be used to divert waste from the Deonar dumping ground, which is now saturated.Stalin D, project director, Vanashakti, said the contractor at the site and civic officials are actually dumping waste into the Thane creek and mangroves are being killed by stopping the flow of intertidal water. \"The civic body had said the landfill would be scientifically operated and managed, but there are several irregularities in the project,\" Stalin said.The site is also a potential Ramsar site that houses over 60,000 birds. India is a signatory to the Ramsar Convention, 1971 for the conservation and wise use of wetlands.Quoting a Maharashtra Pollution Control Board notice to the BMC, Vanashakti's PIL alleges that Municipal Solid Waste Rules, 2000 are also being violated at the site as there is no provision to treat effluents and no system for gas trapping and leachate collection. In the absence of these systems, there are chances of environmental contamination at the spot.In its October 29 edition, TOI had reported about the MPCB notice slapped on the BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17013462", "title": "Celebrating love and togetherness", "text": "LUDHIANA: The fast for long life and prosperity of the husbands, Karva Chauth is around the corner and members of the Gayatri Ladies Club turned up attired in their traditional best to celebrate the festival in advance at a hotel on Ferozepur Road on Monday. Jyoti Goel, secretary of the club and resident of Barewal Road, said. Since on the actual day of the festival all the members will be busy with their families, the club decided to celebrate the festival in advance with a get together.The celebrations started with a special dandia performance by members, Ravneet Kaur, Renuka Nagpal, Shelly Goel, Aradhna and Rimpy. Further, to add glitter to the festivities, special stalls selling bangles and cosmetics were set up for the members. Surprise gifts like jewellery sets, bangles, among others, were given away to members for their enthusiastic participation in the celebration.A special modelling competition, anchored by Ravneet Kaur and Neelu Aggarwal, was also organized for the club members. Shweta Arora of Agar Nagar was declared the Karva Queen in the under 45 age category, while Bubbly Arora of Vikas Nagar was declared the queen in above 45 age categoryKarva Chauth is a special occasion and I really enjoyed myself. Starting from Dandia to the modelling and catwalk on the ramp, everything was great fun, said Shelly.We have been preparing for the event for a long time. Finally, everyone gave an excellent performance. I love the small gifts that were given away, said Rimpy. Renuka added, This is the most important day for couples and the celebrations here definitely matched the festivities. We all had a great time chit-chatting and snacking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013534", "title": "Slew of events regale on Kumar Purnima", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city enjoyed a host of cultural events on the occasion of Kumar Purnima, observed on Monday. Solo and group Odissi performances, modern and folk dance, orchestra and musical nights were organised by various organizations across the city.Utkal Dance and Research Akademi ( UDRA) organised a two-day Kumarotsav, in which Odissi and folk dancers regaled audiences. On this occasion, Odissi guru Madhab Chandra Palei was given the Guru Sahadeb Padhi award.Darpan, a socio-cultural organization organised a competition of traditional games like Puchi, Jhoti, traditional songs, etc., on the eve of the festival on Sunday. Later, the artistes enacted a dance drama 'Phula Baula Beni', directed by Odissi guru Deba Prasad Das.Habiba Dance Group organized a cultural extravaganza in which children from various age groups staged modern and folk dances at Rabindra Mandap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012526", "title": "Railways plans to shortlist travelling doctors to attend patients in trains", "text": "LUCKNOW: Keeping in mind the emergency medical needs of passengers, while travelling in a train, Railways has decided to use the services of doctors travelling in that particular train. While, it was done earlier also, the difference this time is the organized way in which the railway plans to do it.Railways will sort out from the reservation charts the names of the doctors travelling in a particular train, prepare a separate travel chart of the doctors and hand it over to the train superintendent along with the reservation chart. Railways extend concession of 10% to doctors in train fare, who are willing to offer their services to passengers in need of medical attendance while travelling in a train. Preparing a separate chart will help the train's superintendent as he can immediately call up the doctor, as and when the need arises.The concessional scheme, however, has some practical problems in implementation. The certificates which are needed to be submitted by a doctor to avail the concession makes the process slightly tedious for the doctors, said a railway official. The officials are of the view that the scheme will attract more doctors if the process is slightly simplified. There is also a need to create more awareness about the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17016289", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBulbs in a bottle\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to light up Mumbai shanties", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten years after the light was first thrown on the idea of the bottle bulb, the first batch of these 'lights' will be installed in Mumbai's slums. This week, students from the University of St Gallen, Switzerland , and St Xavier's College , Mumbai, will come together to plant the first seeds of an international grassroots movement in power-starved India.Without doubt one of the most cost-efficient and green ways to light up a space, the bottle bulb requires a one-litre plastic bottle full of water, bleach to keep the water from growing green and an adhesive of good quality. The bottle full of water should be stuck into the roof in a manner such that the top half of the bottle is exposed to the sun and the bottom half is in the room underneath . When the water in the bottle above catches the sun, it lights up the room underneath like a 55-watt bulb.Moser's invention was taken up by his neighbours, but according to Geraldine Ludi of Liter of Light Switzerland, the idea's breakthrough came about only last year, when Illac Diaz installed the first bottles in the slum of Philippines .\"The Strategy International Management (SIM) students from the University St. Gallen heard about this idea and founded Liter of Light Switzerland (today Liter of Light Europe) in November 2011,\" she says. \"The idea is to evolve a worldwide movement , spread the word about Liter of Light and illuminate millions of homes.\"A Filipino entrepreneur, the work of Diaz, who spearheaded the campaign, caught the attention of four college students in Mumbai.\"A friend showed me a demonstration video and I, in turn, shared it with three other friends. We were all immediately taken in by it and decided to start work in Mumbai's slums. Our project is called 'Jal Jyoti: Lighting lives, One litre at a time' . We're really fortunate that Liter of Light Switzerland announced its decision to visit Mumbai around the same time we started our groundwork,\" explains Sanjna Malpani of Jal Jyoti.Ludi says, \"We see ourselves primarily as incubators, hence apart from installing bottles we work towards making the project self-sustaining . We do not want the project to crash when we leave; a local base is really important to establish a grass-roots movement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012565", "title": "Economic Offences Wing notices to former PWD engineer, officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the Uttar Pradesh Police ( UPP) has shot off notices to Tribhuwan Ram-former chief engineer of the Public Works Department (PWD) and now a sitting MLA of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP)-along with 90 officers of other departments involved in construction of memorials and parks during the Mayawati regime.The notices have been issued with regard to investigations into allegations of financial irregularities in construction of the projects during the Mayawati regime.The EOW is investigating into complaints following a government order in this regard issued on March 19, 2012, exactly four days after the Samajwadi Party (SP) government came to power in Uttar Pradesh.During T Ram's tenure as engineer in chief of the PWD, the department was involved in construction of the musical fountain park in Gomtinagar, beautification of the banks of Gomti river and the stretch of road connecting Samta Moolak crossing and Ambedkar Udyan, Gomti Vihar and a series of approach roads leading to various memorials and parks that came up during the Mayawati regime. Contracts executed during T Ram's tenure have been estimated worth Rs 100 crore.Ram hit the headlines more than once during the Mayawati regime, mostly for his proximity with the then chief minister as chief engineer and then as engineer in chief of the PWD.Eventually, after his retirement in 2010, he was fielded as BSP candidate from Ajagara assembly constituency in Varanasi, a new seat carved out following delimitation of constituencies and he registered a comfortable victory in the polls.He was also seen as a close aide of then PWD minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui, who was handling the party tickets for all the 85 reserved category assembly constituencies in UP. Ram was awarded the ticket following his retirement after serving on PWD's top post of engineer-in-chief for more than eight years at a stretch including an extension of service awarded by Mayawati.Ajagara, a new seat on the electoral map of UP, covers a major part of the old Saidpur, which BSP candidate Dinanath Pandey won in 2007 thanks to Chief Minister Mayawati's famous social engineering using the Brahmin-Dalit combination.Saidpur is now a reserved seat after the delimitation and the BSP has obliged the sitting MLA by fielding his son Manish Pandey from Jangipur in Ghazipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011141", "title": "Two witnesses depose in Monica murder trial", "text": "NAGPUR: Monica Kirnapure murder case trial resumed on Monday before the district and additional sessions judge VM Tambi. The special executive magistrate and tehsildar Prasad Mate testified before the court about the identification parade that he had conducted in the prison.Mate revealed the formalities conducted to ensure the parade was conducted where eyewitnesses Praveen Thombore and Suraj Dhangre identified the alleged assailants Shrikant Sonekar and Umesh Marathe from among 14 people who were asked to stand along with them as dummies. Mate said that Sonekar and Marathe were offered opportunity to change clothes but refused. Additional public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam conducted the examination-in-chief.Defence lawyer Sudeep Jaiswal argued that Mate had flouted guidelines set up by the Bombay High court regarding identification parade. Jaiswal said Mate did not mention several crucial issues in the record created by him and also flouted the norms by making Sonekar and Marathe stand in the same queue during the identification parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17013459", "title": "Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation gears up for grand Rajyotsava", "text": "HUBLI: Mayor Pandurang Patil said that the Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) will celebrate Karnataka Rajyotsava in a grand manner on November 1.Speaking to reporters here on Monday, Patil said that on the occasion of Rajyotsava Day a procession has been organized.The procession will start from Siddharudh mutt premises in the morning. During the procession, folk artistes will perform Kolata, Dollu Kunita, Karadi Majalu, Jaggali Mela and tribal dance.The procession will go through Indi Pump circle, Bammapur Oni, Hirepeth, Durgad Bail, Dajiban peth, KC circle and will conclude at the Nehru stadium. Drinking water, medical and other required facilities will be provided to participants throughout the procession, the mayor said.Cultural programmes will be held at Indira Glass house in the evening. Entry is free.Award to studentsWith a view to take the civic body closer to citizens, the HDMC will also give 'Mayor Award' to meritorious students. Nine SSLC and seven PUC students from Hubli-Dharwad have been chosen for the award. The selected students will be honored with certificate, memento, and cash prize.This is a novel initiative of the HDMC and the tradition of giving student awards will continue in the years to come.The issue will be discussed in the next budget, and provisions will be made for the same, the Pandurang Patil added.Also there will be a highest tax payer award and non-interrupt tax payer award to citizens, to encourage them to comply with norms.An announcement to this effect will be made n the next year's budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17013182", "title": "IFS ombudsman begins hearing", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: International Finance Corporation (IFC) ombudsman Scott T Adams reached the city to assess the complaints raised by affected stakeholders of the proposed Vizhinjam international container transshipment terminal project. He will spend four days here listening to various stakeholders of the project.Adams, accompanied by Aparna Vasu, a legal consultant from Chennai, and a translator (Malayalam to English), went to various key tourist locations along the Vizhinjam coast on Monday. A source on the ground at Vizhinjam said Adams was given a comprehensive presentation on the effects of the port on tourism and fishing. He met with scientists and people from a fishing community and heard diverse views on the project. On Tuesday and Wednesday, Adams is expected to meet the Kerala government and Vizhinjam International Seaport Limited officials along with fishermen organizations.Members of the Kerala Hotels and Restaurants Association will be meeting the ombudsman on November 1. Adams had expressed difficulty in divulging details of his visit to the media, but said that he would give everyone a fair chance to present their views.Adams' visit is likely to throw up two eventualities, one that his report could suggest ways and means to accept dispute resolution by all parties, an amicable solution of sorts, which could involve suggesting adequate compensation, etc. And the other, the complaint could be forwarded to an appraisal committee to further review IFC's role and legal implications in the port project. The complainants had told the IFC that the organization \"had not shown due diligence during the documentation review and scoping phase and should have immediately raised red flag on the false data used to understate the extent of tourism. These factors cumulatively have had serious impact on integrity of the whole environmental and social impact assessment process", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "17017977", "title": "Top teams set eye on ODI Championships Table", "text": "DUBAI: With limited overs cricket season set to start, all eight leading one-day sides are eyeing the ICC ODI Championship Table as the battle for the coveted number-one position remains tight with world champions India in third position, just one rating point behind South Africa.Currently, only 17 ratings points separate the top six sides, with England and South Africa on equal points at 121. However, Alastair Cook's side is rated above South Africa by a fraction of a point, while India with 120 points are behind the Proteas by only a rating point.Four-time world champion Australia (113) trail India by seven points. Sri Lanka are placed at fifth spot with 108 rating points.1992 world champion Pakistan are further down at number six, four ratings points behind the Lankans, and New Zealand are on 74 ratings points.But with six top ranked ODI sides, along with the West Indies and New Zealand, gearing up to play a number of ODIs, mostly in the new year, the ranking table could witness a lot of changes before the April 1 cut-off date.The team, which would finish as number one on April 1 cut-off date, will collect a cheque of $175,000 along with a Shield, while the team that would finish second will get $75,000.Sri Lanka will have to win the series against New Zealand starting on November 1 at Pallekele to stay ahead of Pakistan in fifth place.A 3-2 series win for New Zealand will mean Sri Lanka will slip to 103 ratings points, one behind Pakistan, while a 5-0 series win for Sri Lanka will put it just three ratings points behind fourth-ranked Australia.In January 2013, Australia will host Sri Lanka for a five-ODI series, England will play five ODIs in India, and New Zealand will travel to South Africa for three ODIs.ODI series taking place from February-March include Australia vs West Indies (in Australia, five ODIs), New Zealand vs England (in New Zealand, three ODIs) and South Africa vs Pakistan (in South Africa, five ODIs).After the Sri Lanka-New Zealand series, Bangladesh will host the West Indies for a five-ODI series.These series would be the countdown to the final edition of the ICC Champions Trophy. In June 2013, defending champion Australia will be looking for a treble, having won the previous two editions of the tournament (2006 and 2009).But Australia will face stiff challenge from former champions South Africa (1998), New Zealand (2000), India and Sri Lanka (2002), and West Indies (2004), who would also be looking to lift the trophy for a second time by winning the final edition of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17012719", "title": "Police machinery in city looking for ways to rein-in the 'joyriders'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Apart from tackling vehicle-lifter gangs, the Lucknow police has another set of bike-lifters that they equally fear. Termed 'joyriders' in official parlance, these are spoiltbrats who lift vehicles just for sheer fun and abandon them once their fuel tanks dry up. In past four years the number of such cases has gone up consistently and currently they account for 15-20% of total cases.ASP (east) Rajesh Kumar confirmed that in his area in a month about one-fifth of total vehicle theft cases are recorded against joyriders. Recounting a similar case, Kumar shared, \"Two months back a case of bike theft was reported near a shopping mall. In the evening, two school students who had fled with the bike had the audacity to park it close to the same spot. The owner of the bike was present in the area and helped us nab the duo. Later we found that they were class 10 students of a prominent school near Kalidas Marg and often went on joyrides. Interestingly, they used to abandon vehicles near the same spot to avoid further complications.\" The students were let off after being issued stern warning by the cops in presence of their parents.On Thursday night, Sarojninagar police had caught a 22-year-old for lifting a bike who liked racing with his friends and had been in the company of joyriders.Meanwhile, auto theft cases have increased sharply than previous year and have recorded about three times growth. Between August and September this year, 286 cases of vehicle theft were registered. In contrast, 1,279 vehicle theft cases were reported in 2011, according to the National Crime Records Bureau.SSP Lucknow RK Chaturvedi attributes the spurt in theft cases to the increased number of vehicles. \"Registration data show that the number of vehicles on the roads is also rapidly increasing. We have busted several gangs recently and are sure that the situation will improve going forward,\" said Chaturvedi.The areas prone to auto-theft are Shamina road near KGMU, Lekhraj complex at Faizabad Road and Aliganj. While the locations in old city attract bike-lifters, light motor vehicle-lifting gangs operate more out of trans-Gomti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013233", "title": "Sale of open mustard oil banned in Dungarpur after 4 deaths", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has imposed a ban on the sale of open mustard oil in Dungarpur as four people died and at least 58 others fell ill after consuming adulterated mustard oil in the past one month.The health department officials said that all those who had consumed the adulterated oil were found suffering from epidemic dropsy disease. It is caused due to consumption of edible oils adulterated with argemone mexicana seed oil.Officials of health department said that they were yet to find whether the argemone mexicana seed oil was mixed with edible oil deliberately or it was inadvertently mixed. However, at present, health officials are busy providing treatment to those suffering from the disease. The department confirmed that four persons have died due to epidemic dropsy.Principal secretary, health, Deepak Upreti said that a team from medical directorate under health director B R Meena has been sent to Dungarpur to deal with the situation and also doctors from Udaipur's medical college have also been sent to provide treatment to those suffering from the disease and to control the spread of the disease.The health department's chief public analyst has trained the health officers at block levels to test the quality of the edible oil. Meena said that they have directed the people to consume edible oil only after testing their quality from the trained officials at the block level.The health officials have advised the people to get proper treatment if they have symptoms of the disease. The symptoms of the disease are breathlessness, headache, nausea, loose bowels, erythema and glaucoma. The main symptom is body getting swollen as water beneath the skin gets accumulated, which is known as edema, chief medical &amp; health officer, Dungarpur, Kantilal Mochi said.The mustard seed look like argemone seeds. Argemone is a weed. So it could be adulterated accidentally.The health officials said that they have directed other districts for testing of the edible oil in the state as a precaution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013236", "title": "Bush walk being planned in Sariska", "text": "JAIPUR: Nature lovers have more in store for them, for now, it is just not tigers but also a close encounter with the forest that awaits them in the Sariska tiger reserve. Plans have been drawn up for the creation of a 'Bush Walk' that promises to take visitors meandering through beautiful locales around the reserve.\"The time has come when we also have to look for alternatives rather than venturing inside forests for tiger sighting. The focus is on creating an inter-phase with the local community while visitors get a feel of living closer to wildlife,\" said V S Singh, additional chief secretary, forest and environment.Singh added that plans have been drawn up where trails will be made through beautiful locales near the reserve for the tourists. \"Sariska has some very beautiful spots around it. On one side we have Siliserh, while in other areas nearby can boast of some of the best and rich biodiversity,\" he added.What the department has proposed is to first identify these areas and then take tourists on a walk through them. \"The trails would go through villages where hutment like structures will be built with facilities for rest and food. The earnings received from serving food to the tourists will go to the villagers,\" Singh explained.The hutments will be built by the state government but managed by local villagers. \"They can set up a roster where each day a separate family is assigned to manage the hutment and whatever the earnings are that day by serving lunch or dinner can be taken home by that family,\" he said.Besides winning the trust of the local community, the move is being seen as a way of getting the community connected with conservation. In fact, the department has just finished a project where Tarun Bhagat Sangh, and NGO tutored all school going children around the park on wildlife and conservation.\"In the next phase we will be talking to public representatives on issues of wildlife and conservation. In this phase during the last class we plan to disclose the idea of 'Bush Walk' to them and get their ideas on how to take it forward so that it is benefits everyone,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016978", "title": "Taylor Swift to co-host Grammys with LL Cool J", "text": "Taylor Swift has been chosen to present 'The Grammy Nominations Concert Live!! - Countdown to Music's Biggest Night' alongside rapper LL Cool J on December 5.The event will air live on CBS from Bridgestone Arena in Nashville , Tennessee , the New York Post reported.This is going to be the first time that the nominations special will be broadcast from the city.Grammy officials also announced on Monday that rising country star Luke Bryan has been roped in as a performer, joining Maroon 5 as the only acts announced so far. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013044", "title": "Techie commits suicide in Pimpri", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old engineer was found hanging by the ceiling fan at his house in Ajmera area of Pimpri on Sunday evening.Nitin Dnyandeo Sable worked with an IT company in Hinjewadi and lived at Madhuban society, MHADA colony, Ajmera. Police did not find any suicide note nor do they know what prompted Nitin to take the extreme step.Around 8 pm Nitin's parents returned home and found the door bolted from inside. They knocked the door several times but there was no response. Worried, Nitin's parents took help from neighbours to break open the door. They found Nitin hanging from the ceiling fan.Nitin was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared dead. Nitin's father, Dnyandeo Sable, told the police that Nitin was supposed to appear for an exam on Sunday. Instead, he stayed home the whole day.Nitin ended his life between 6.30 pm and 8 pm when his parents were not at home and his sister had gone for her tuitions.Nitin's father is a manager with a bank and his mother is a housewife. A case of accidental death has been registered, said police sub-inspector of Pimpri police station S V Rakh. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17009279", "title": "This one is for you, Maa: Pankaj Advani", "text": "Behind his lean, benign metrosexual exterior lies a champ who's known for his versatility in billiards and snooker arena. And 27-year-old Pankaj Advani has become the World Billiards champ for the seventh time after defeating the defending champion Mike Russell in the finals in the UK, and this is his eight world title.\"This was psychologically a tough match, and I had worked hard along with my mind coach and brother Shree. I'm glad it has paid off,\" said Pankaj, as NT caught up with the champ when he was about to catch a flight back home...This time we have two billiards champs -- you and Rupesh Shah -in two different formats...We had similar results - Rupesh winning the Point format and me the Time format - in 2007 as well in Singapore. So, there is a feeling of deja vu, but only this time my World Title tally has gone to 8 on a very special day - my Mom's birthday! And this one is for you, maa!So, is there a special gift planned for mom? After all, rocks are a girl's best friends...(Laughs) My mom is not materialistic, so my world title is the best gift she could ever hope for!There was a controversy when you opted for the billiards championship instead of the snooker event in China...Oh I didn't know there was a furore over it. But, yes, there were mixed reactions to the decision. In such times when there's no right answer, it's best to follow your heart. I had a strong calling for the World Billiards Championship and followed my instinct.You are one of the most eligible bachelors today. Any plans to tie the nuptial knot?I know I am entering that age zone where such questions are justified, but first let my older brother Shree (who's seven years older to me) tie the knot. We both are so caught up in our respective careers that maybe now it's time we pay a bit of attention to our personal lives too.You are known to be a good dancer and fond of acting too. What is the latest on this passion front?Dancing will always be a part of me. It makes me free and gives me immense joy. Acting is an option I'd consider given the right time. At the moment, though, my plate is not just full but spilling over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012224", "title": "Climate change adding sting to mosquito bite, says WHO report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The warning is ominous \u00e2\u20ac\u201d climate change and global warming will make vector-borne diseases like dengue and malaria - already causing havoc in the country more lethal.A landmark report on climate change and health, published by the World Health Organization on Monday, said that in the last 100 years, the world has warmed by approximately 0.75 degree Celsius. Over the last 25 years, the rate of global warming has accelerated, at over 0.18 degree Celsius per decade.Global health will suffer a loss of $2 billion-$4 billion per year by 2030 due to climate change.Global warming, which has occurred since the 1970s, caused over 1.4 lakh excess deaths annually by 2004.\"Many of the major killers such as diarrhoeal diseases, malnutrition, malaria and dengue are highly climate-sensitive and are expected to worsen as the climate changes,\" said WHO.It added, \"Malaria is strongly influenced by climate. Transmitted by Anopheles mosquitoes, malaria kills almost one million people every year. The Aedes mosquito vector of dengue is also highly sensitive to climate conditions. Studies suggest that climate change could expose an additional 2 billion people to dengue transmission by the 2080s.\"WHO said over the last century, the surface area on which malaria remains a risk has been reduced from half to a quarter of the earth's landmass, but due to demographic changes the number of people exposed to malaria has increased substantially over the same period.Estimates of cases and deaths differ greatly: the number of cases stands between 200 million and 500 million, while the death estimate is around one million per year.Dengue has become the most rapidly spreading mosquito-borne viral disease in the world.It is estimated to cause over 50 million infections and around 15,000 deaths annually in around 100 countries.\"Infection could range from a mild flu-like fever to the potentially fatal severe dengue, which particularly affects individuals who are exposed to one of the four different strains of the virus as a secondary infection. Heavy rainfall can cause standing water, while drought can encourage people to store more water around the home, both providing breeding sites for Aedes mosquitoes. Warm temperatures increase the development rates of both the mosquito vector and the virus, fuelling more intense transmission,\" the report said.Extreme high air temperatures contribute directly to deaths from cardiovascular and respiratory disease, particularly among senior citizens.High temperatures also raise the levels of ozone and other pollutants in the air that exacerbate cardiovascular and respiratory disease. Urban air pollution causes about 1.2 million deaths every year.Pollen and other aeroallergen levels are also higher in extreme heat.These can trigger asthma, which affects around 300 million people. Ongoing temperature increases are expected to increase this burden.WHO added that globally, the number of reported weather-related natural disasters has more than tripled since the 1960s.Every year, these disasters result in over 60,000 deaths, mainly in developing countries, it says.In 2011, 332 disasters from natural hazards were recorded in 101 countries, causing more than 30,770 deaths, and affecting over 244 million people.Recorded damages amounted to more than $ 366.1 billion. \"Over the past 30 years the proportion of the world's popu-lation living in flood-prone river basins has increased by 114% and those living on cyclone-exposed coastlines by 192%. Reports of extreme weather events and disasters have more than tripled since the 1960s,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17013489", "title": "Keonjhar tribals up in arms over mining plans in Khandadhar", "text": "KEONJHAR: Fear of displacement stalks tribals inhabiting Banspal block of Keonjhar district abutting the beautiful Khandadhar waterfall with hundreds of companies, including South Korean steel behemoth Posco, applying for lease to mine the Khandadhar hill. A Niyamgiri-type agitation (against Vedanta in Lanjigarh) is already on in the area.Sources said only two mines, owned by Odisha Mining Corporation (OMC), are operating in Malangtoli region near the hill as of now. Posco has applied for mining lease (ML) over an area close to the waterfall. The hill is about 65 km from Keonjhar. On the opposite side of the hill there is another waterfall by the same name in Banei sub-division of Sundergarh district, where too tribals are protesting against the proposed mining activities.According to the information obtained from mining department through an RTI query, about 219 prospecting licence (PL) applications are pending with it. Companies and individuals have applied for lease over 1,31,406.8881 hectare of land in 52 villages. Similarly, about 237 ML applications on 1,43,895.2357 hectare are pending with the department. According to the department, no ML has been granted to any company as yet. \"Only eight companies have been granted PL in the vicinity of Khandadhar hill,'' said Keonjhar mining officer D K Parija.Surrounded by dense forests, the area is known as the 'rice bowl' of tribals, mostly Bhuyans, as they depend on it for their livelihood. They have united under the banners of Khandadhara Surakshya Mancha and Lok Sangathan and have been fighting to save the forest and their livelihood.\"We depend on the forest for our livelihood for over six months a year. Medicinal plants, streams, wildlife, a temple and the beautiful waterfall will be destroyed if mining is allowed here,\" said Radhakant Dehury, a Bhuyan tribal of Kadakala area. Mining will not only lead to heavy pollution but also damage the Shiva temple, worshipped by thousands of locals, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011344", "title": "Indian GP: BIC made for a pretty picture, but stale food soured the taste", "text": "NEW DELHI: The second edition of the Airtel Indian GP has come and gone. There were no canine interruptions or complains of dust this time round, as Sebastian Vettel and his Red Bull raced away to another dominating win here at the Buddh International Circuit .The roads leading to the circuit were crowded but manageable and orderly. Sure, reaching the venue and leaving took time but wherever nearly 70,000 people congregate, a quick getaway isn't possible. Security was tight and everyone had a clear idea of what went where. There was a lush green cover around the track that looked pretty and the stands were painted in bright colours.Ferrari received the loudest roar and the prancing horse was the most visible symbol around the circuit. The racing wasn't edge-of-the-seat exciting but then it's rare for Formula One to have moments like that every weekend. There was, still, some inspired driving from championship contender Ferrari's Fernando Alonso and some good defending drives from Mark Webber , who had to fight hard to keep Lewis Hamilton's McLaren at bay and also from Felipe Massa who relied on the DRS system to get out of Kimi Raikkonen's clutches every time he came too close. There were, frankly, few complaints on the racing front.But for the second year in a row, Jaypee Sports International (JPSI) seemed to have ignored one shortcoming with extensive consequences: spectator comfort. Last year, there were loud grumblings about the over-priced and bad, in fact stale, food that was sold to spectators. The organizers seemed to have paid little attention to this shortcoming. This year too, the food - chicken burger for Rs 250, pasta for Rs 250, a bottle of water for Rs 50 and a pint of beer for Rs 200 - was costly and the eatables were once again stale and mostly inedible. Many in the grandstand were seen throwing away the food.Even if one is willing to look beyond the prices - after spending thousands on a race ticket, couple of hundreds for a sandwich or burger probably doesn't pinch that much but getting stale food surely does. For most spectators, who left their homes at 11 am to reach the circuit in time, going hungry for 6-7 hours because there was no other option meant going through a tough time.If music festivals can have 30 food stalls, why can't a F1 race too? How can stale food be served at an event which sees spectators from all over the world? It is high time JPSI realized that building fans takes a lot more than reasonably priced tickets and organizing concerts. Bernie Ecclestone has already hinted that declining attendance figures in the third year will be a cause of concern and the promoters of the Indian GP might have just taken Indian fans for granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17011493", "title": "Pune Warriors may not retain Michael Clarke", "text": "CHENNAI: Michael Clarke is unlikely to be retained by Pune Warriors for the forthcoming season. Clarke was acquired by the Pune franchisee for one season and it's understood that they won't be going out of their way to ensure that the Aussie Test and ODI skipper stays with them.With the departure of Sourav Ganguly , the captaincy issue will crop up and the obvious question was whether they would like to see Clarke, who entered the IPL pretty late last season, as a possible candidate. But Clarke's contract with Pune Warriors ran till the end of the 2012 season and if the player chooses to participate in the IPL, he, in all probability, will be back in the auction pool.Clarke hasn't exactly been a success in the T20 format and he is not even a part of the Australian unit in the shortest format of the game. Still, Pune got him last season in a desperate bid to boost their line-up following their walkout from the IPL auctions. But in the six matches that the Aussie played, Clarke could only manage 98 runs with a strike-rate of 104.26.With both Clarke and Ganguly out, the Pune management now has to take a call on whom they want to make captain for the forthcoming season. Yuvraj Singh is coming back to the fold after a year's gap and he will be the prime candidate.However, Steve Smith , who was the one outstanding player for the team, will also stand a chance and the final decision will be taken later.Another decision that the franchisee would have to take is whether to use Ganguly in some other role.\"There's still some time for it... We will play it by the ear,\" a source pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012037", "title": "New HRD minister Pallam Raju seeks to introduce ethical education in schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an atmosphere charged with allegations of corruption against the government, the new Human Resource Development (HRD) minister M M Pallam Raju wants to introduce ethical education in schools.Expressing concern over the quality of education the day-old Cabinet minister said, ``I think it is very important to build the moral fibre of the youth. Moral education should be part of the curriculum and I will work towards introducing that.''The minister, who is expected to join office on October 31 after due consultation on the auspicious time to begin work, said that strengthening the education system and vocational training programmes will be his priorities. ``My predecessor Kapil Sibal has taken very forward looking measures and I hope to complete them. The Indian youth needs to be empowered and it can be done through good education and vocational training,'' the minister said.Raju, who had earlier held charge as minister of state for defence, said that primary education had to be broad-based and that would be a priority for him too.The minister's residence has seen a steady stream of visitors from Andhra Pradesh, besides officials from the ministry who briefed him on pending issues. The minister also expressed concern over the pending legislations in Parliament adding that it was important to create a consensus.Minister of state (HRD) Jitin Prasada , who took charge on Monday afternoon, also echoed similar priorities. Prasada, who is member of Parliament from Uttar Pradesh, said that minority education was a key thrust area. ``We will work towards providing facilities and a level playing field for minorities,'' he said.He added that growing unemployment was a major concern for Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi and he would work towards strengthening vocational training to create more jobs for the youth.Besides Prasada, Kerala MP Shashi Tharoor has also been given the responsibility of MoS in the ministry. Tharoor has not yet joined office and on Monday travelled with President Pranab Mukherjee on his two-day trip to Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014144", "title": "70 witnesses yet to be examined", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sixty seven people lost their lives and more than 200 others were injured in 2005 when serial blasts rocked the capital on the eve of Diwali. Yet, seven years after the incident, the trial against five suspected LeT members, allegedly responsible for the blast, is far from getting over.With over 250 witnesses in the case, the prosecution has till now been able to complete the examination of 180 witnesses. In fact, two of the five accused are currently out on bail as they have already served a five-year jail term prescribed under the offences they were booked for.The five accused\u00e2\u20ac\u201dTariq Dar Ahmed, Mohammed Rafiq Shah, Mohammed Hussain Fazili , Farooq Ahmed Batloo and Ghulam ahmed Khan\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhave been facing the trial for their alleged involvement in the serial blasts. While Dar and his associates Rafiq and Fazili have been charged with offences including procuring explosives to carry out blasts, receiving funds to commit terrorist acts, murder and attempt to murder, Batloo and Khan have been booked only under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.Batloo and Khan were granted bail during the trial after their counsel told the court that the accused had completed their five-year jail term. Also, Khan's counsel R N Toufel had pointed out that the accused has been suffering from mental disorder and has been treated at AIIMS and Institute of Human Behaviour &amp; Allied Sciences.The serial blasts at three different places -- Sarojini Nagar, Paharganj and Kalkaji -- on October 29, 2005 had claimed 67 lives and injured over 200. The court had earlier clubbed the three blasts cases for the purpose of recording evidence after it framed the charges separately against the accused.With some 70 witnesses still to be examined, defence counsel R N Toufel said it is not certain when the trial will get over as the prosecution still has not decided which witnesses it has to drop. \"All the important witnesses have been examined and it is up to the prosecution to decide how many they still want to examine from the list,\" he said.Another related case of terrorist funding against prime accused Tariq Ahmed Dar has just started, seven years after the incident, after a special antimoney laundering court framed charges against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17014586", "title": "Over diagnosis of breast cancer leads to anxiety, needless treatment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over diagnosis, leading to unnecessary treatment involving chemotherapy and radiation, has been found to be a threat to the benefits of regular screening of women for breast cancer.The first-ever large-scale review by an independent expert panel in the UK, where women between 50 and 70 years are screened every three years for breast cancer, has found that while it prevents around 1,300 deaths from the disease every year, it also results in around 4,000 women being over diagnosed, resulting in unnecessary anxiety and treatment.The panel concluded, in the analysis published in the medical journal The Lancet, that for around 3.07 lakh women (in the 50-52 age bracket), who are invited to begin screening every year in UK, just over 1% will have an over-diagnosed cancer in the next 20 years.Overall, they found that women who are invited to breast cancer screening have a relative risk of dying from breast cancer, which is 20% less than those who aren't invited.The Indian Union health ministry, in a landmark step, recently has decided to start screening women above 30 years for breast cancer that is claiming 90,000 lives of the fairer sex annually.The ministry has written to states to start screening for breast cancer, either through special organized camps or every woman who arrives at a community health centre (CHC).By current estimates, one in 25 Indian women will develop breast cancer. The World Health Organization (WHO) predicts that by 2020, one in eight urban Indian women will develop breast cancer. Worryingly, Indian women seek treatment very late - around 65% are already in stage 3 or 4 when diagnosed.\"For each woman, the choice is clear. On the positive side, screening confers a reduction in the risk of mortality of breast cancer because of early detection and treatment. On the negative side, is the knowledge that she has perhaps a 1% chance of having a cancer diagnosed and treated that would never have caused problems if she had not been screened,\" said the panel, led by Professor Sir Michael Marmot, from University College, London.He added, \"The reduction in risk of death from breast cancer screening corresponds to one breast cancer death prevented for every 235 women invited to screening, and one death averted for every 180 women who attend screening.\"Lancet concludes, \"The Panel's report, the best available systematic review, shows that the breast-screening programme extends lives and that, overall, the benefits outweigh the harms. Women need to have full and complete access to this latest evidence in order to make an informed choice about breast cancer screening.\"Putting together benefit and over diagnosis, the panel estimated that for 10,000 women invited to screening from age 50 for 20 years, about 681 cancers will be found of which 129 will represent over diagnosis and 43 deaths from the disease can be prevented.When breast cancer is detected by screening, it allows for earlier treatment and an improved prognosis. However, concerns have been raised over diagnosis - where screening identifies a tumour, which is consequently treated by surgery and often radiotherapy but which would have remained undetected for the rest of the woman's life without causing illness if it had not been detected by screening.Breast cancer cases are surging in India. As against an estimated 48,170 women who died of breast cancer in 2007, the number breached the 50,000 mark in 2010. In the following year, the figure was put at 50,821. A landmark analysis of cancer cases in Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore between 1982 and 2005 (24 years) by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) had found that while cervical cancer cases \u00e2\u20ac\u201d earlier the most common \u00e2\u20ac\u201d dipped, in some cases by almost 50%, the incidence of breast cancer doubled.While Bangalore saw breast cancer cases more than double since 1982 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 15.8 in a population of one lakh in 1982 to 32.2 in 2005 - Chennai recorded 33.5 new cases of breast cancer per one lakh women in 2005 against 18.4 in 1982. Delhi recorded 24.8 new cases of breast cancer a year per 100,000 women, which rose to 32.2 in 2005. Mumbai recorded 20.8 new cases of breast cancer per 100,000 population in 1982, which increased by almost 10% in 2005.India's National Health Profile 2011 predicts that by 2020, breast cancer will overtake cervical cancer as the most common type of cancer among women in India.A health ministry official said, \"Breast cancer is most common among women in the 35-45 age group. We have asked states to start screening from 30 years itself. This way, a woman will get educated by the time she reaches the age when most are at risk of breast cancer and we could also detect young onset breast cancer cases early.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17013611", "title": "Schoolkids help unearth Stone Age tools", "text": "SHIMOGA: Schoolchildren have helped unearth a large number of implements belonging to the Stone Age era in Thirthahalli taluk in Shimoga district. The department of archeology has taken note of the findings that date back to the Paleolithic and Neolithic periods. Also, people of the taluk have now asked for a museum to house these rare objects.As part of a research study, the students of the government high school of Aralasurali village collected rare stone tools that were used for hunting and other purposes some 2,000 years ago by inhabitants near the Sharavathi river. The tools were unearthed during digging and also collected from people in the area who were in possession of some implements.Guided by their history teacher and a researcher LS Raghavendra along with secretary of the state history academy G K Devaraja Swamy, the students scoured the area and came up with these finds. Encouraged, they went door to door asking people in the vicinity to hand over the rare stone weapons in their possession and thus the collection grew.The implements made of hard granite stones are in various shapes - there's a cone-shaped tool primarily used for hunting; a ring-shaped tool used as a hammer; a finely chiseled round stone used for grinding and to scare away wild animals.According to historians, the area where Sharavathi river originates at Ambutheertha region was once thick, rocky and surrounded by forests. It was believed to be a safe habitat for the aged. Several stone inscriptions found in the area covering a radius of 40 km point to human habitation over 2,000 years ago. According to state history academy officials, the findings in Thirthahalli taluk would be published in 'Karnataka Itihasa Darshana\". The state department of archaeology will take up further study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "17013774", "title": "Police rule out abduction claim", "text": "HALDIA: East Midnapore SP Sukesh Jain, on Monday, virtually ruled out that any official of Haldia Bulk Terminal (HBT) Pvt Ltd was abducted on the wee hours of Sunday as claimed by the company. According to him, Capt Manpreet Jolly - one of those who claimed to have been that he was abducted - wasn't even at the Sangini Apartments then. Sangini Apartments is the complex from where the HBT officials were reportedly abducted and threatened against returning to Haldia.\"On Saturday, our patrol parties received calls and visited the complex twice but couldn't found nothing amiss. On the second occasion, our officers also spoke to Bhusan Patil - who claimed that he was abducted with his wife and one-year-old daughter - and told him to call again if there is any trouble. We didn't receive any more calls that night. Around noon on Sunday, we received a mail from one Rahul Thakur of Mumbai, informing us of the trouble,\" Jain said.According to the SP, Jolly was staying at a local hotel for the last eight days. Around 1.20 am on Sunday, he allegedly sent an SMS to the inspector-in-charge of the Haldia police station, stating that he was leaving Haldia on his own free will. \"On Saturday, we received a complaint against HBT CEO Gurpreet Malhi, Jolly, one Y Agarwal and one Saket Agarwal, alleging that the company hasn't deposited the Provident Fund contribution of the employees. We are looking into the matter,\" Jain said.On Sunday, HBT had claimed that Jolly. Patil and another official was abducted from the apartment complex and taken to Mecheda, where they boarded a train to Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17018142", "title": "Prabhas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Mirchi progressing at RFC", "text": "Rebel star Prabhas' forthcoming entertainer Mirchi is currently progressing at Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad. Debutante director Koratala Shiva is filming action episodes and a song 'Suno Senorita' on Prabhas and Richa Gangopadhyay in this schedule.The first look of the action-love flick was released a week back, received great response from the audience and girls couldn't stop raving about Prabhas' uber-cool and ultra-modern stylish look.Anushka is also acting in the movie. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music for the film, which is produced by Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati under UV creations. Mirchi is slated for release on 2013 Sankranthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017075", "title": "Kollywood wishes K V Anand", "text": "The Ko and Maattrraan director hits another milestone today and Kollywood is wishing him.Jiiva, who was the hero of Ko, which was directed by K V Anand and which catapulted him to stardom wished his director. He tweeted, \"Dear @anavenkat wishing a very happy bday Ve a gr8 yr ahead Miss all the Ko days Hope to work with u soon.... Cheers j\".There were others also who wished on his birthday. When CT wished him, he said \"thank you\" in his usual humble way. Here's wishing a good one!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011756", "title": "Deepa Dasmunsi calls for files on funds utilization by Kolkata corporation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first file that Deepa Dasmunsi sought on Monday after taking over as minister of state (MoS) for urban development was the one on Centre's allocation of funds for Kolkata Municipal Corporation and a status on their utilization. Though the first-time MP from Raiganj claimed that her induction in the council of ministers was not aimed to counter Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee , this move has come as an indication of how she plans to take the rival party head on.TMC has been ruling the Kolkata municipal body for almost two-and-a-half years after dislodging CPM. Deepa, popularly called \"boudi\" (elder brother's wife), said she has asked UD secretary Sudhir Krishna to provide details of the financial assistance that her ministry has provided to the civic body under JNNURM for urban development. \"There is complete loot in Kolkata corporation. I have to go through how much finance we provided and under what head and whether funds have been diverted for any other work,\" she said.She claimed that there were reports of many buses bought with JNNURM funds being sold by private contractors. The Congress MP also claimed that many buses were not plying after being bought. \"The fund allocated for slum development has not been used. Even the corporation is not implementing the scheme of 100 days work in a year to the urban poor under NREGS,\" the minister said.Responding to whether she was against the TMC chief, Deepa said she was \"never\" against any person. She said things had come to a standstill in Bengal. Interests of farmers, poor and women had been sidelined. \"No file is moving. There is no development, no industry is coming and you have only false promises. In their party, only one person is working and others are part of her coterie,\" she said.On her predecessor Saugata Ray's statement that all Congress MoSs from Bengal would get disappointed within three months, Deepa said TMC also had six junior ministers. \"According to them, they had no work; but they had red beacon cars and also used their official position to take rounds of the state. All this suited them. But we will show our performance,\" she said. The Congress leader claimed that as MPs, all of them were working and if one was willing to work, he/she could deliver.She claimed that she was the only MP from Bengal whose entire MPLAD fund was utilized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "17011790", "title": "Residents of Erode suffer from chronic ailments due to polluting tanneries", "text": "ERODE: Sixty-year-old Mathayyan, who died on Monday morning due to throat cancer, was the latest victim of pollution caused by more than two dozen tanneries dotting Suriyampalyam village on the outskirts of Erode town and surrounding areas including Palakattur, Indirapuram, Theyvapuram, Marapalayam and Karuppanna Gowden Pudur. Bed ridden for over two years, Mathayyan's main prayer was for an early death.Several people in these villages are facing chronic ailments like cancer due to air and water pollution caused by the tanneries. Four-year-old Sameeksha is another victim. Her private bus driver father has spent about Rs 3.5 lakh so far to heal the tumor on the back of her head. But a solution is yet to come their way. Her neighbor Mariappan (45) has cancer of the stomach and is bed ridden.The government is yet to conduct a study on the health problems caused by tanneries. But as a doctor practicing here, I can say with authority that residents are inching towards a slow death,'' testifies Dr Senthil Murugan of Mission Hospital at Suriyampalayam. Besides cancer, infertility is a major threat. Diarrhea and vomiting are most common because of consumption of filthy water from ponds and wells close to River Bhavani and Kalingarayan Canal. The doctor handles about 35 cases of diarrhea a day.\"Given the number of sick people in this area, I could be a very happy man with huge earning potential. Every day there is a long line of people waiting outside my shop to buy medication. But as a fellow human being, it is heart-wrenching to see all the sickness around me,\" says M Kesavan who owns the biggest medical shop in the area.According to him, there was a time when tanneries in the locality caused no pollution as they used natural chemicals. Now they are using sulfuric acid, ammonia and sodium sulfate in large quantities to process animal skin. They discharge the polluted water with acid content into all the water bodies here. It all happens in the dead of the night in violation of court orders. Both the district administration and pollution control board continue to remain silent regarding the issue,'' he says.Locals say the industries set up shop in the region only because of the availability of water. \"The animal skin is sourced from elsewhere and processed in the units. The processing is done in an illegal way and the stench from the decayed skin is nauseating,\" says T R Ganesan, a farmer.Respiratory problems including bronchitis and lung diseases are on the rise in the area and skin diseases are quite common. I used to stay with my son in Coimbatore for six months. My skin is fine when I'm with him. The moment I return back home, my health problems return,\" says S Subrahmaniyan, a farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012717", "title": "Strong winds, rain likely in coastal districts", "text": "CHENNAI: The Nagapattinam district administration on Monday warned fishermen in the coastal district to stay away from the sea due to the deep depression that has formed in the Bay of Bengal. Due to the depression and rain in several parts of Nagapattinam and Thiruvarur, schools in the districts remained closed on Monday.As many as 25,000 fishermen from around 50 coastal villages in the district have been informed not to set out to sea as heavy rainfall is expected to occur with winds at 45 km speed per hour on Monday evening due to the depression. District collector, T Munusamy, said that the district administration has taken steps to ensure the safe return of the fishermen who had already ventured into the sea.A spokesperson from Nagappattinam collectorate said that the district administration may announce holiday for educational institutions on Tuesday too based on the weather forecast.There was drizzling in a few places in Thiruvarur district on Monday. Another coastal district in the delta region, Pudukkottai also experienced rain during the past two days. Though there was no official cyclone warning from the district administration, about 6,000 fishermen from the coastal villages of Jegathapattinam, Kottaipattinam, Meemisal, Muthukuda did not venture into the sea. A collectorate spokesperson from Pudukkottai said that there was a cloudy sky there on Monday but a cyclone warning has not been issued.Meanwhile, the strong winds over the last couple of days are likely to continue for another two days and there is a possibility of some rain, the met office in Chennai has said. A depression in the Bay of Bengal, which lay centered around 550km southeast of Chennai around 8.30am on Monday, is likely to move in a northwesterly direction in the coming days.A well-marked low pressure area over southeast and adjoining southwest Bay of Bengal concentrated into the depression. Continuing its westward movement, the system is expected to intensify into a cyclonic storm and is likely to cross the north Tamil Nadu-south Andhra Pradesh coasts between Nagapattinam and Nellore by Wednesday evening or night.\"The effect of depression is yet to reach Chennai and the India Meteorological Department is monitoring its movement. It is due to its impact that there have been strong winds in Chennai over the past couple of days. Some of the state's coastal districts have been experiencing heavy rain with Taragambadi in Nagapattinam district recording highest rainfall of 13cm during the period ending 8.30am on Monday,\" said IMD deputy director-general Y E A Raj.The weatherman has forecast strong winds from the northeasterly direction at speeds occasionally reaching 45-55km along the Tamil Nadu and Puducherry coasts.The forecast for districts includes heavy to very heavy rain in Karaikal and Nagapattinam and other coastal districts barring Chennai are expected to get moderate to heavy rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016575", "title": "Nagarjuna's Damarukam in financial crisis?", "text": "Nagarjuna's star status is undisputed. So it is surprising to hear that his latest film Damarukam is in a financial crisis.According to reports doing the rounds, it seems that at least rs 12 crores are required to release the film. Though the film has been traded for about Rs 30 crore, it is still falling short of funds to hit the theatres. There is extensive CG work in this work in this film and a lot of money has been spent on it.Producer Venkat Reddy allegedly does not want to pump in more money than he has into the project and has asked people to get funds from other sources. But Srinivas Reddy claimed there were no differences or issues and all was well. The movie stars Nagarjuna, Anushka and Ganesh Venkatraman and is supposed to release for Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012262", "title": "Man attacks wife with axe", "text": "HYDERABAD: After an altercation, a man attacked his wife with an axe at their house in Uppal on Monday. The woman, who suffered severe injuries, is battling for life at a hospital. Police said Naik Vishnu, 38, was assaulted by her husband Umashankarr, an employee of a pharmacy store in Uppal. The couple hails from Ganjam district in Odisha. They have three children and the family stays at Chilakanagar in Uppal.After an argument over a family issue, Umashankar attacked her with an axe and fled from the place, Uppal inspector K Lakshmikanta Reddy said. \"The victim suffered severe head injuries and was rushed to a nearby hospital. Her condition is said to be very critical,\" the inspector said.A case was booked under section 307 ( Attempt to murder) of the IPC and a manhunt has been launched to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17013511", "title": "Mock marriage on Purnima eve", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Shyampur village, on the outskirts of the city, wore a festive look on the eve of Kumar Purnima as the villagers organized the marriage of two young girls, a ritual they have been following since the last 31 years. So on Sunday beaming villagers dressed in their best were seen welcoming guests, little girls wearing new clothes were dancing to peppy numbers and visitors savouring the feast. There were at least 1,000 guests in this otherwise quiet village on the wedding night.\"The marriage of two young girls is part of the Kumar Purnima festivities and we have been following this custom because we like it. The ceremony has become grand as more people are participating in it now. People of nearby villages also come to Shyampur for the ceremony. We spend around Rs 30,000 to Rs 50,000 on the marriage,\" said Ranjita Sahu, president of Shyampur Balika Sangha.The marriage is unique as all rites and rituals are performed by unmarried young girls. They also play the priest, barber and parents and relatives of the bride and groom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016493", "title": "Stereo Nation to score music for 'The City That Never Sleeps'", "text": "British born pop icon Stereo Nation recently honoured with wall of fame in Coventry.Now once again his sensational voice is ready to make a mark in Guinness book of world record through his upcoming movie The city that never sleeps .This is first time in Bollywood history a British singer TAZ will set a record. The king of magical voice Taz said, \"It's my pleasure to be a part of such a historic movie which is going to break Guinness Record. It's a challenge for me to create a unique kind of music which gives you different melody of it.\"The song of film is a culmination of Taz's hard work, creativity and passion for music. He shows diverging from his serious genre for this movie. This film have international artist which is produced by Satish Reddy and Directed by Haroon Rashid.TAZ, aka Johnny Zee (Stereo Nation) a British born Asian raised in Warwickshire UK, established himself as a recording artist with the release of his debut album Hit the Deck . Managed by Pop Star Neville Staples from the band The Specials and FunBoy3, he stormed the UK Asian pop charts for thirty-six weeks at number 1. The album went on to become one of the biggest selling Asian fusion releases of all time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011013", "title": "13-yr-old girl hangs herself in bathroom", "text": "NAGPUR: Suicide by a 13-year-old girl student has shocked the entire family and friends who are still in dark over the reason which pushed the girl to take the extreme step.Abhilasha Patil, a resident of Bezonbagh, hanged herself to the bathroom shower with a dupatta at her residence on Monday morning. A ninth class student, Abhilasha had her unit test on Monday.Some relatives informed that Abhilasha had not been attending school for the past three days as she was ill. However, she was to attend the school on Monday. She walked into the bathroom to get ready for school around 9 am. \"When she did not come out of the bathroom for long, her mother and sisters panicked. Her father peeped through the window only to find Abhilasha hanging by the shower,\" informed Shraddha Khapade, a relative.The door was broken open and Abhilasha was rushed to a nearby private hospital where she was declared brought dead. Her body was later shifted to Mayo hospital for post mortem.Youngest of three sisters, Abhilasha was her father Viren's, a civil engineer at a private firm, and mother Meena's, a homemaker, favourite. Despite having a joint family, the teenager couldn't find anyone suitable to share her problems, Khapade lamented.Abhilasha's parents said that they never had to force her for studies. \"She was always regular in studies, active NCC cadet and a sports lover,\" said her elder sister. Abhilasha's elder sisters are polytechnic students.On getting the news, Abhilasha's school teachers rushed to her residence and were clueless as to why a disciplined student like her should commit suicide. No suicide note was found.Patil and his relatives have questioned everyone - including her teachers, friends and acquaintances - to figure out what went wrong with Abhilasha. \"Neither she was scolded, nor teased by anyone. She didn't have a fight with any of the family members,\" said a relative. Her close friends denied that Abhilasha was in a relationship.Jaripatka police have registered a case of accidental death and are investigating it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012810", "title": "Khar soc fights Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation on 'inflated' 90k water bill", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Sadanand Classic Cooperative Housing Society at Linking Road, Khar (W) were shocked when they received an \"inflated\" water bill amounting to Rs 89,226 from the BMC for the months of May, June and July. Society members said the bill amount was six times more than the quarterly bills they usually receive. The BMC's hydraulic department on its part insisted that the society cough up the amount if they wanted to continue getting water.\"We were told that we had to pay up first and only then could we take the matter up with the concerned department. We have paid up in protest and have receipts to prove that. In the last quarter too we had received a bill amounting to Rs 15,149, which was also on the higher side. When this matter was referred to the hydraulic department, we were told this was because water meters were being tested,\" said Aftab Siddique, society resident.\"Earlier, we had paid Rs 13,000 per quarter despite scanty water supply. Our bill for May, June and July is six times that amount. We were assured that it will be adjusted in the coming months, but that has not happened. Now, even the adjusted bills are more than the normal bills. They have slapped another bill of Rs 20,459 on us and said our water connection will be cut if we don't pay up,\" said society secretary PV Bijlani.Siddique said the BMC sent officials to the society a week back to cut their meter connection for non-payment of the adjusted bill. A civic official from the BMC's waterworks department, H (west) ward, said, \"We have amended the bill. Whether it is implemented in the system or not I will have to check. If the residents come here, my meter supervisor will explain the bill to them in detail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17012692", "title": "Flash strike by loco pilots in Madurai affects passengers", "text": "MADURAI: The sudden flash strike called by the Southern Railway Mazdoor Union (SRMU) loco running staff wing over anomalies in the working roster on Monday morning, left hundreds of passengers stranded at the Madurai Junction station and three trains were delayed due to the strike.The strike started after the Chennai-bound Guruvayur Express reached Madurai Junction by 11 am. After halting the train, the loco pilots alighted from the locomotive and started raising slogans against the railway authorities over anomalies in the roster. They refused to operate the train and shortly after that the Mumbai - Nagercoil Express which reached Madurai was also stopped at the junction. The two trains were halted in the station for nearly two hours.Many of the passengers initially were not aware the reason for the delay and were confused. It was after some time that they came to know about the flash strike. Maheswari from Tirunelveli, who was travelling with her children to Chennai said, \"I took the day train so that I can reach Chennai by evening. I am worried that I may end up reaching Chennai late in the night. I am worried since I am travelling with my kids.\" Another passenger, Rajendran, who was bound for Villupuram said that he was not aware of the reason behind the delay. \"We started our journey with other schedules in mind, now we have to postpone all those things as the train will reach late,\" he rued.Loco pilots from their end said that they are not getting proper rest and not able to spend time with their families due to extreme work pressure. As the Tirunelveli - Tenkasi section was complete, the division was planning to operate trains in the section from November 1 and the loco pilots were forced to operate another set of three trains in this section, which will add to their burden in their work schedule, they claimed.V Ramkumar, working committee member of the loco running staff wing of SRMU said that there are 45 loco pilots in Madurai division operating passenger trains and they hardly get to spend one night with their families after six days of work. \"If these trains are commissioned as per the order, which was issued on Monday, it will burden the loco pilots. Hence, the railways should appoint more loco pilots if they are planning to operate more trains,\" he said. After negotiations with senior railways officials, the strike was called off and the trains left the station.When contacted, divisional railway manager, Ajai Kant Rastogi said that they are concerned about the welfare of the employees and they are working on addressing their issues. It was an internal issue of the railways, which will be addressed with utmost concern towards employees, he assured. SRMU office bearers said that the senior officials of the division promised to look into their concerns over the roster and the decision of plying additional trains and another meeting with office-bearers of the union has been scheduled on November 2 to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17012521", "title": "Woman in coma after suicide attempt dies in Sardarnagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After being in coma for more than three months, a 25-year-old woman who had attempted suicide died on Sunday.The deceased, Anju Hasani, 25, a resident of Sardarnagar, had been admitted to a private hospital after she tried to hang herself at her residence. Her parents have now registered a complaint against her in-laws for abetment to suicide and for demanding dowry. Police said Anju had got married to Niraj Mishra, a resident of Gandhinagar , two years back. While Niraj works with HR management at a private firm in Ahmedabad, Anju had left studies after her bachelors in business administration.Anju's father Rajesh Hasani complained that after the marriage, Anju was subjected to mental and physical torture as she was mocked over her knowledge of English and was declared unfit for the high-profile culture. The family also kept on pressurizing her for bringing in money from her parents. As she did not give in, she was beaten up. On July 8 this year, she called up her father and said that she was badly beaten up and did not wish to live in her husband's house anymore,\" said a Sardarnagar police official. tnnIn June, she locked herself in the guest room of her father's house. When her father and others broke the door, they found her hanging from a ceiling fan. When she was brought down it was found that she had her pulse running. She was rushed to a nearby private hospital where she was declared to be comatose.\"Hasani has charged Anju's husband, father-in-law, his brother and mother-in-law for the incident and filed a case of mental and physical harassment and demand for dowry. On Sunday, after Anju's death, we have included IPC Section 306 dealing with abetment of suicide,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17013982", "title": "Church to log on to social media to connect with youth", "text": "KOCHI: Men in cassocks tweeting on social issues, or sending a friend request on Facebook would be a routine online activity soon when the catholic clergymen in Kerala follow what the Pope has hinted - that the church needs to follow new ways to reach out to the congregation.Though there has not been any direct reference by the Pope to social media, one of the major suggestions raised at the synod of bishops, which concluded on Sunday, was that clergymen should be better trained in electronic communications.\"Besides traditional and perennially valid pastoral methods, the church seeks to adopt new ones, developing a new language, attuned to the different world cultures,\" said Pope Benedict XVI to conclude the three-week-long synod on Sunday.In fact, recently, the Pope had asked all clergymen to expand their presence in the virtual world to reach out to youngsters who have been found to stray away from the path of the church. Further decision on the synod's deliberations would be taken only after the Pope prepares the 'apostolic exhortation' on the topic, a compilation of all the deliberations.\"Many priests are already active in the cyber world. Once the apostolic exhortation comes, we will have motivational workshops and other deliberations on this topic. It is through these measures that the church can be one of today,\" said Archbishop Francis Kallarakkal of the Latin church. The synod of 260 bishops from around the world was deliberating on 'new evangelisation,' to stem the haemorrhaging of the faithful. The Pope has asked the clergymen to work more to revive faith among those who have lost it to various reasons.Kerala Catholic Youth Movement, Syro-Malabar Christians, Kerala Catholic Friends and the Kerala Catholic Students League are some of the organizations which have an impressive presence on the web.\"Many local churches have already started their websites, and there are many youth organizations that have launched discussion forums. The response is very encouraging,\" said Fr Stephen Alathara, deputy general secretary of the Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council.The apostolic exhortation is an elaborate process, and can take from six months to one year to complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17012863", "title": "Police nab history-sheeter from Patna Jn", "text": "PATNA: Patna police on Monday nabbed a history-sheeter, Balindra Kumar Singh, from Patna Junction when he was trying to escape from the city. He is allegedly involved in several kidnapping cases in Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh.Acting on a tip-off from Madhya Pradesh police that Singh had been frequently visiting Patna for the last few months, SSP (Patna) Amrit Raj formed a team comprising City SP Jayant Kant and other police officials to nab him.The SSP said Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand police had been informed about Singh's arrest and further investigations were on to nab his associates. He said Singh was involved in kidnapping of Uday Shankar Chandra, a hotelier of Dhanbad. Chandra was kidnapped along with his driver when he was travelling in his car. He was also involved in the kidnapping of Indore trader Kailash Wahaiti, owner of an agency of a four-wheeler company. He was sentenced to life imprisonment in that case.Singh, however, fled in 2011 while he was being taken for production before a court from Rewa jail in Madhya Pradesh. A case was registered in this connection with the GRP, Bhopal.Woman murdered: A woman, Neetu Devi (20), was murdered on Saturday night under Ghoswari police station in Patna district.The police said Neetu had been living with her parents for the last four years after her marriage with Manohar Mahto (23), who was unemployed. While Neetu belonged to Shehri PS, Mahto hails from Nalanda. Neetu's sister-in-law, Jeera Devi, has lodged an FIR against Mahto, accusing him of killing her. She told the police that Mahto had called her (Neetu) outside her house on Saturday night after which she was found dead.Though the police said the motive behind the murder was still to be ascertained, prima facie it seems a case of murder as a fallout of an extramarital relationship of either of the two. \"Mahto is the main suspect in the case,\" a police official said.However, no one has been arrested in this case so far. Police said an FIR in the case has been registered against two other unnamed persons also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17013987", "title": "Bokaro clinics apathetic towards feticide cases", "text": "BOKARO: After Bokaro has been identified with the lowest child sex ratio in the state, the health department is struggling to control female foeticide and trying to launch checks and create awareness. However, the ultrasound clinics and nursing homes of the city are apparently not serious in tackling the issue.Inattentiveness of doctors running the ultrasound clinics and owners of the nursing homes became evident on Monday, when the workshop organized by district health department to create awareness on Preconception and Prenatal Sex Selection and Determination (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, witnessed low turnout.From the 56 ultrasound clinics and nursing homes running in the district, there were only 12 doctors and sonologists present in the workshop. Apart from them, about 16 institutions sent their staffers to make their presence felt at the workshop.Poor attendance had upset Act coordinator, Rafat Farzana and the health department officials. Additional chief medical officer, Arjun Prasad has issued a show-cause notice to the ultrasound centres for not attending the workshop.Farzana said: \"The state health department has focused on Bokaro for controlling female foeticide as the district has the lowest child sex ratio in Jharkhand. For 1000 boys there are 912 girls here. Besides the child sex ratio takes a dip every year. For 1000 boys the number of girls in Bokaro in 1991 was recorded as 979 which had declined to 914 in 2011. There are six districts including Bokaro, Dhanbad, Giridih, Hazaribagh, Ramgarh and East Singhbhum which have recorded poor child sex ratio in the state. Of them, Bokaro has the lowest figures.\"He said to control the dipping child sex ratio the state health department is organizing workshops so that the do's and don'ts are at everyone's fingertips. They are also going to launch drives in towns and rural areas to sensitize people about the importance of girls so that female foeticide is controlled. \"They have also formed a district level committee who will take important steps in controlling the crime,\" Farzana added.Meanwhile, the district health department has issued a notice to the ultrasound clinics and nursing homes to provide them with reports of the number of patients who had undergone ultrasound in 2011 and 2012 and the number of delivery along with the gender of each child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011502", "title": "Did tough stance against RIL lead to Jaipal Reddy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s exit from petroleum ministry?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy's ouster was possibly set in motion by a tough note he wrote stating that if demands put forward by Reliance Industries Ltd were accepted, the loss to government would amount to $6.2 billion.Reddy's note, sent to attorney general Goolam Vahanvati, is believed to have set the cat among the pigeons in government with some viewing the communication as politically explosive. The minister was repeatedly advised to reconsider his view on the matter, sources close to him said.The minister's differences with RIL are widely seen to be the reason for his being moved to the science and technology portfolio although other arguments put forward include Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's concern over disputes locking gas supplies to industry.In his clash with the petrochemical giant, Reddy took the view that RIL was \"hoarding\" gas by slowing production in its offshore fields in the Krishna-Godavari basin. This, the oil ministry felt, caused a loss of Rs 40,000 crore to companies in the current year while it was Rs 20,000 crore last year.Reddy did not buy the \"geological\" reasons put forward by RIL to explain the slow extraction of gas and read these arguments as part of tactics to force the government to accept a revision in the price of gas. He made it clear that he would not favour any revision till 2014.The minister's critics argued that Reddy's showdown with RIL was bottling up gas supplies at a time when UPA desperately needs the wheels of the economy to spin faster. As the power sector became a political hot potato in the wake of a massive national shutdown in July and Coalgate added to the public fury, RIL's case began to gain traction.Sources said Reddy's note elicited a \"wishy-washy\" response from the attorney general as the government sought to resolve the standoff. The minister was, however, in no mood to relent and felt the government should not accept the tab for what amounted to a bailout for RIL.The ministry calculated an increase in the price of gas would cost the government billions of dollars and raise uncomfortable questions about selective action. This at a time when transparency activists and opposition parties were going hammer and tongs against the corruption scandals ranging from 2G to Coalgate.The minister is understood to have reasoned that his views could always be overturned or amended, keeping in mind any larger interest the government felt was relevant. However, the government's cause was unlikely to be served by suitably compliant notings, he felt.Having rubbed influential interests the wrong way and failing to take broad hints led to Reddy's charge being abruptly changed. This considerably tarnished an otherwise well-thought out reshuffle with even several Congress leaders agreeing that Reddy was treated rather shabbily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17013840", "title": "Ramleela on reality show irks Hindu bodies", "text": "PATIALA: The Ramleela in a reality show has not endeared the participants to Hindu hardliners in Punjab. Bristling at what they perceive as frivolous portrayal of Hindu deities, around 80 Hindu organizations warned of launching a protest if the information and broadcasting ministry failed to act against the participants.An announcement to the effect was made by Lakhwinder Sareen, deputy chief of the Hindu Sangathan Ekta Manch, a group of 80 Hindu organizations in Punjab.BJP MP Navjot Singh Sidhu was criticised for joining the Ramleela despite his political affiliations. \"Sidhu is participating in Bigg Boss only for money. He should not participate in it as he is wasting his time when he should be working for the welfare of the people. We have served an ultimatum of a week to the Union ministry to take action against the participants, director and producers of the reality show. If the Union government fails to take action it will be responsible for the consequences,\" Sareen said. Shiva Sena vice-president Harish Singla also expressed his anger saying no one had the right to hurt religious sentiments.The contentious Ramleela performance held on Dussehra had participants dressed as deities. Hindu organizations have been arguing that neither the dresses nor the dialogues were in line with religious texts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17012466", "title": "Bhatt seeks stay on Nanavati panel proceedings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Taking exception to the state government's insistence on not supplying certain documents to suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt on the ground of confidentiality, the cop has urged the Nanavati commission to stay the proceeding.Bhatt was arguing before the probe panel for the purpose of inspection of 47 documents supplied by the intelligence department after the Gujarat high court (HC) granted him permission to inspect the papers related to the 2002 riots.Bhatt objected to the commission's observation made on October 19 that the HC itself said that the commission has discretion to permit inspection of documents on the basis of their \"relevancy\". Bhatt has termed this \"foregone conclusion\" and also claimed that discretion of not allowing certain documents at the state's behest is nothing but misinterpretation of the HC directions.The government has supplied 15 documents out of 47 sought, and did not supply 24, claiming that they are marked as confidential. The rest of documents are shown untraceable. Bhatt should be permitted to inspect only five documents, the government has told the commission. Bhatt has taken a strong objection to this.Bhatt has also leveled accusation against the inquiry commission for not seeking vital documents for more than a decade. \"The commission has been extremely indulgent with the state in not seeking production and custody of vital-records of the office of the Director General and Inspector General of Police as well as the State Intelligence Bureau for over 10 years. These records have the immense potential for throwing light on the nature and extent of the systemic failure and subversion that had occurred at the relevant time in the state in fixing responsibility and accountability and public at large is vitally interested in the same,\" Bhatt writes in his application before the commission saying that it is overstepping HC order.Bhatt has also alleged that the probe panel never proactively sought custody of these documents at the inception of its inquisition. \"They have only started trickling in, that too reluctantly, after a lapse of more than 10 years, after a specific and time-limit bound HC order,\" Bhatt said. Bhatt also questioned \"dual\" stand by the state government that why it never raised the issue of confidentiality of these papers. \"The state cannot be permitted to speak in two voices,\" he writes.The commission heard Bhatt on Tuesday and kept Friday for submission on part of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17011233", "title": "Morjim says no to signboards in Russian", "text": "Mapusa: Morjim villagers were unanimous in demanding that signboards in the Russian language in the village be done away with. At a gram sabha on Sunday, local's objected to signboards of hotels, shacks, guest houses and even streets in Russian.\"Panchayat should immediately act and remove all the boards in Russian or any other foreign language. Traditional access roads should be opened and boards should not be allowed to come up again,\" villager Satish Shetgaonkar said.Sarpanch Dhananjay Shetgaonkar said the panchayat will look into the matter.The coastal village in north Goa is a major tourist draw and has several Russian-run restaurants, shacks and guesthouses whose signboards and menus are in the Russian language. Vitthaldas Waddo in Morjim, with a number of Russian restaurants, Russian speakers and a distinctly Russian atmosphere, has been nicknamed 'Mini Moscow', and Morjim village is on the road to being known as 'Mini Russia'.Other issues that came up for discussion were lack of a public crematorium, garbage collection, illegal advertisement boards and illegal hotel projects.The gram sabha was shifted to the open space in front of the panchayat office as the panchayat hall was unable to accommodate the large number of people who turned up for the meeting.The sarpanch informed the gram sabha that the panchayat in meetings with local MLA Laxmikant Parsekar had conveyed the village requirements which include a separate police outpost, updated health centre, park, public crematorium, traffic island at the main junction, widening of roads and a solution to the garbage problem.Villager Nivruti Shirodkar questioned how foreigners were running hotels and shacks in Morjim and the revenue generated from such businesses to the panchayat. The panchayat failed to provide a satisfactory answer. Shirodkar demanded action in the matter and imposition of tax on businessmen from outside the village.Villager Vishwanath Azgaonkar charged the panchayat of not fulfilling resolutions passed at earlier gram sabhas. \"Resolutions taken at gram sabha are supreme and are in the interest of the villagers. Panchayat should follow it up and fulfill the assurances given to villagers,\" Azgaonkar said.Villagers also demanded that unnecessary speed breakers be removed, and that some be installed near the government school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17015769", "title": "Bigg Boss 6: Sapna dares to lock horns with Salman Khan?", "text": "Certainly not. Sapna Bhavnani, the hairstylist whose cuss words aimed at the star sent the reality show's producers scurrying for coverMorning shows the day. And in the house of Bigg Boss , the opening night pretty much sets the tone of the rest of the reality show. Celebrity hairstylist, the much-tattooed and much-outspoken Sapna Bhavnani, had made it clear that unlike most of the inmates, she was not a Salman-baiter, but positioned herself firmly on the other side of the fence.In her introductory episode she rattled off the names of her clients, and teased Salman whether he knew Katrina. But what was perhaps contained by decorum was a torrent over the weekend when the platinum blonde vented her feelings about the show's ridiculously popular host. And none of it was flattering, to say the least.Sapna's strongly worded comments, which could have earned the show a healthy TRP, rattled the producers Endemol so much that they decided to play it safe. Sources confirmed the scathing attack on Sallu has been chopped off and the audience will not get a taste of Sapna's fury.Sapna's outburst, it seems was brought about by Salman countering her claims that she was not on the show for the prize money. In an earlier episode the star took pot shots at her saying, \"If you are not here to play the game, are you on a picnic at a resort?\"Sallu's gentle and not-so-gentle rebukes and his say in the matters of the house has become an intrinsic party of the show. And the star evidently enjoys his role playing - switching between big brother, mentor, patriarch, conscience keeper, moral police and entertainer.But obviously Sapna is not amused. \" Koi haq nahi banta har hafte sabki bezzati kartye rahe har Friday. Kyunki aap mujhe paisa dete ho mai aapki bullshit sunti rahoongi har Friday?\" she reportedly thundered in full view of the all-seeing cameras.Sapna dared Salman to kick her out of the show, saying she was not someone the star could bully into submission. And to drive home her point, she called him a 'serial woman-beater' before letting off a volley of cuss words. And if that was enough, she let the world know what exactly she thought of his paint brush skills: \"If I win the show, I shall buy his painting and gift it to him.\"Sources from the show confirmed that this was probably the first time in the six seasons of Bigg Boss that a contestant has locked horns with the host. Well, considering Salman's history with those who dared to needle him, as long as Sapna does not call a press conference or take a dig at his failed romance in any restobar, she is safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012306", "title": "BITS to host TEDx conference in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The BITS Pilani Hyderabad campus has obtained a license to organise the prestigious TEDx conference on their campus next month, making it only the third educational institution in the city to host the event, and the only one where the entire organisation process is being done by students.The event is an independently organised version of a conference devised by TED (Technology, Innovation, Design), which is known for its global conferences held bi-annually where the list of speakers has previously included heavyweights like Stephen Hawking , Steve Jobs and Bill Gates. In Hyderabad, a TEDx Charminar was recently held at a star hotel and others were held at ISB Hyderabad, Silver Oaks School and other locations at Gachibowli.\"Obtaining a license for organising a TEDx event is a herculean task. It took us more than a year to track down a TEDIndia Fellow (a member of the official TED community) and convince him to issue the license. We are happy to be able to add another such event to the other TEDx events in the city,\" said Kunal Bhatia, one of the organisers, adding that the team had started working on the arrangements and sponsorships from March itself for the event which is scheduled on November 25.Students have managed to rope in a few big sponsors. The list of speakers at the conference include Satyabrata Dam, a mountaineer who has led successful expeditions to Mt Everest , North and South poles, John Louis, a mathemagician and international memory trainer and Orlando Bernett (16), a national record holding rubik's cube speed solver who can solve the standard 3x3 rubik's cube blindfolded.VS Rao, director of BITS Pilani Hyderabad Campus said, \"I am glad that our institution, while being relatively new, has got the opportunity to host such a prestigious event. We always encourage our students to come up with new ideas and innovations and hope that this event will help bring out many such ideas among the participants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016641", "title": "Robbie Williams can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t fit in his clothes anymore", "text": "Robbie Williams says that he was so determined not to skip his gym sessions that his obsession has proved to be costly.Doing weights in the gym has led the singer to become so muscular that he has become bulky and is unable to fit comfortably into his clothes. The star recently admitted that he became overly obsessed for a short period to pick up heavy weights but is now regretting the outcome because he struggles to wear his old clothes.\"I have extreme focus on one thing and everything else goes to waste. I did weights for a while, and now I can't get into any clothes. I'm doing cardio-vascular, too. I look like a doorman, now. The fit on clothes these days, it,s tight,\" said the singer who adds that he is now focussing on his album Take The Crown as well as his new born daughter, Theodora Rose.Williams, who is married to Ayda Field and became a father just a couple of weeks ago also spoke about fatherhood. \"It's indescribable. It's quite cosmic, kind of staring at yourself and it's wonderful and magic. You don't get bored looking at this little thing you are in charge of. I'm in charge, but she's in control. She's only five weeks old! I'm going, 'Have I done the allotted stuff so it looks like I care?!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011857", "title": "Can England handle the SG Test ball?", "text": "MUMBAI: For visiting teams to succeed in India, they need to do two things - play spin competently and bowl high-quality seam against their batsmen. Malcolm Marshall , Neil Foster, Shoaib Akhtar , Wasim Akram , Dion Nash, Shaun Pollock , Nantie Hayward, Glenn McGrath and Dale Steyn ... The list is long and no less imminent.All these bowlers who tormented India learnt how to use the SG Test ball when it was new, and more importantly, when it was older. If England are to record their first Test series victory over India in more than 28 years (they last won in 1984), it'll depend a great deal on how effectively their pace battery, that consists of James Anderson, Stuart Broad , Steven Finn and Tim Bresnan , use the SG Test ball.Unlike ODI cricket and T20s, which is played with the white kookaburra ball the world over, the balls for Test cricket aren't standardized. In England, Tests are played with Dukes ball, whereas in Australia, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Bangladesh and New Zealand, they play with the Kookaburra.The SG Test ball has a more pronounced seam and spinners derive great benefit from it even after the ball is old as it bounces a lot more than the Kookaburra. On the abrasive surfaces which are normally found in India, the ball gets scuffed up on one side and if maintained well (kept shiny on one side), starts reversing after it's more than 30 overs old.England seamer James Anderson and skipper Andrew Flintoff used the conditions well at the Wankhede in 2006 to play a huge role in the side's thumping victory to level the three-Test series 1-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17011946", "title": "Investors gung-ho on health sector", "text": "Times News NetworkINDORE: The tangible results of the recently introduced healthcare investment policy were more than evident from the response of investors on Monday. The second day of the Global Investors' Summit (GIS) saw signing of memorandum of understanding (MoU) worth Rs 5,000 crore in healthcare sector.All of of 21 MoUs were signed by different players in investing into medical colleges and hospitals in state. Most of groups, which turned up at the summit expressed their desire to open super-speciality or multi-speciality hospitals in either Indore or Bhopal . A few also evinced interest in setting up medical colleges in the state. The highest investment proposed by any group in the healthcare sector was by Sahara Hospital. The group has proposed to run 500-bed Medicity in Gwalior district worth Rs 1,500 crore. The second highest remained Muskan Samajik Evam Shiksha Prasar Samiti, which proposed to run 300-bed medical college and research centre worth Rs 500 crore in Guna district. Though MoUs worth crores were signed on the spot, several raised questions over their execution. \"These MoUs may not take shape as land available as desired may not be available to all. Moreover, the government has its rules and regulations prior to giving land which may turn against the investors,\" said one of the investors.Before exchange of MoUs with principal secretaries of public health department Praveer Krishna and Ajay Tirki of the medical education department briefed the investors on the revised state healthcare policy, which has given industry status to healthcare sector.R .R Pulgaonkar, CEO of Jaslok Hospital, Mumbai briefed the investors about concept of super-speciality hospital that needs to be built up in the state for providing better health services. To diagnose the diabetes early in age, an international investor from Quebec Peter Nowacki, vice president of Diagnos expressed his desire to start operation in the state. The company has also signed MoU with the government.On the sideline of the summit, Anup Kalra, a guest on the occasion, urged the government to focus on research and development sector in ayurveda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013063", "title": "Civic panel approves Rs 15 cr for improving green cover", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Tree Authority on Monday approved an annual budget of Rs 14.90 crore for implementation of the green plan. Developing parks on forest land, tree plantation drives and providing water are some of the plans on the PTA's agenda. The committee will now forward the budget to the civic standing committee for its approval.According to PTA members, Rs 4 crore has been set aside for developing parks on forest department's land in city areas, including Warje, Shivajinagar and Panchgaon Parvati. Also, the Pune Municipal Corporatiion has plans to fence forest land to prevent cutting of trees.A provision of about Rs 20 lakh has been made for plantation on hill slope/hill top zones in the city, while Rs 44 lakh has been allocated for water supply. An amount of Rs 1 crore has been set aside for planting trees in public areas and conserving them. The garden department is planning to plant around 2.5 lakh saplings in five years in reserve forests, hills and hill slopes, amenity spaces, industrial areas, along rivers and canals, and roadsides.The department's Pune City Green Plan, unveiled recently, aims at boosting the city's green cover from 2013 to 2017. As per the plan, 50,000 saplings will be planted each year. The plan also envisages site specific awareness strategies and adoption of trees by individuals and housing societies. The five-year plan was prepared by the department with the help of botanists. The civic body will follow the plan, which provides details of plantation drives, people's participation, strategies to increase green cover and tree-adoption campaign.The plan aims at soil and moisture conservation in areas proposed for plantation, protection of the proposed plantation area from biotic interferences, increase in the presence of native species, development of new nurseries, involvement of corporate and industrial houses in tree plantation, participatory approach by involving NGOs for conservation and maintenance of planted saplings and phased removal of exotic species such as Gliricidia from the hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012974", "title": "2 on bike hit Sena chief's wife's car, hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons were injured after their bike crashed into the car of Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's wife Rashmi at Kalanagar junction in Bandra (E) on Monday. Rashmi escaped unhurt, said the police.According to the police, Rashmi had left her Kalanagar home and was going south when the bike hit her car.The injured duo was coming from Bandra and heading towards Dharavi. The biker reportedly took a sudden turn at Kalanagar junction and failed to notice the car. The police said both parties claim the signal was green.Rashmi's bodyguards were also in the car and were not injured. The bodyguards helped the injured and asked passersby to take them to hospital. The police said the biker and the pillion rider are out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016607", "title": "Mag apologizes for Britney Spears' cover shot", "text": "A magazine that recently featured Britney Spears on it's cover wearing what most people agreed was a really bad wig has issued a statement via Twitter apologising for it.Teen magazine Lucky interviewed the pop star for its latest issue and while the questions and answers themselves were fairly unoffensive the accompanying photo shoot led to an Internet rage.Not only did the photos appear to be heavily photo shopped, the singer's hairline was suspiciously low - meaning she was almost certainly wearing a wig.Her face appeared altered also and her teeth unnaturally white.Lucky do not actually admit that she is wearing a wig, but took to Twitter to apologise to their readers for the cover shot.\"Thank you all for sharing your thoughts on our cover! As always, we will share with our team and we're sorry to have let some of you down,\" the Daily Mail quoted them as tweeting.In the interview the singer opened up about her family and about who her style icons are.She said that her two sons, Preston, seven, and Jayden James, six, think that she is a 'superhero' when they see her on television judging the hit reality show.\"The boys try to figure out where I go when I go film 'X Factor'. They're like, 'Mommy's going off to be a superhero, '\" the 30-year-old singer told the magazine.She also revealed that she finds Jennifer Lopez and Sarah Jessica Parker beautiful.\"JLo is a classic beauty and I like SJP because her looks are really bright and funky and young,\" Britney added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17017246", "title": "FMSCI will not permit motorsports to be politicized: Vicky Chandhok", "text": "\"The FMSCI would like to maintain that the FIA code of motorsport is apolitical and non-religious and the FMSCI will not permit motorsports to be politicized in any manner. Stefano Domenicalli, Team Principal Scuderia Ferrari , has confirmed that their initiative of carrying their national navy flag does not have and should not be seen as having any political implication. FMSCI firmly believes that carrying their national navy flag will not have any effect on the case pending before the Indian Courts. The FMSCI will not permit any attempt to subvert the process of justice by politicizing the event.\"Statement from Scuderia FerraiThe Italian Navy's national flag on the Ferrari race cars at the Indian Grand Prix is there as a tribute to one of our country's outstanding institutions.With all the respect due to the Indian Authorities, Ferrari wishes to make it clear that this initiative does not have, nor should it be seen as having, any political implication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17012954", "title": "Proposed hike in municipal tax irks Gayaites", "text": "GAYA: The proposed hike in the holding tax by Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC) has irked different sections including Prabuddha Nagrik Parishad, Central Bihar Chamber of Commerce (CBCC) and Gaya chapter of Indian Medical Association. The GMC, according to sources, mulls hike up to 100% in the municipal tax levied on the 50,000 plus holdings under its jurisdiction.According to Prabuddha Nagrik Parishad convener Braj Nandan Pathak, the proposed tax hike is unjust for more than one reason. Besides defective categorization of roads for the purpose of tax assessment, the GMC has not been providing several services despite levying tax for those services. Municipal tax, according to Pathak, was a service tax and such tax can not be levied for non-existent services.Giving statistics, Pathak said that nearly 30,000 of the 50,000 plus holdings are not connected to the municipal water supply system as even supply lines have not been laid in the over two dozen residential colonies that have come into existence during the last four decades and yet every household is made to pay water tax to the civic body.Not only that. The quality as well as quantity of water being made available to households connected to the municipal water supply network leaves much to be desired. The basic water supply infrastructure was laid about 90 years back and little has been done since then to improvise the system with the result that the water supply lines that criss-cross the open drains have developed cracks and complaints of muddy water being supplied through the municipal taps are very frequent. Incidence of jaundice, gastroenteritis and other water-borne diseases is fairly high in Gaya town due to the poor quality of municipal water.Activist Ali Hussain says that not only water supply, the GMC is levying tax for education, health and transport as well without providing any corresponding service. The GMC, it may be recalled, earlier hit the headlines for deputing an engineer as the officiating medical officer of the municipal body, thereby provoking actor Shekhar Suman to take a dig on the arrangement in his TV programme.According to CBCC president Kaushalendra Pratap Singh, there is no scientific criteria to determine the category of roads for the purpose of fixation of the municipal tax.Justifying the imposition of tax for services that are not provided by the GMC, Gaya mayor Vibha Devi said the municipal body was resource-starved and needs money for its survival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011950", "title": "No moratorium on GM crop trials till stakeholders heard: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Before considering an interim recommendation for a 10-year moratorium on field trials of genetically modified food crops, the Supreme Court on Monday decided to seek the views of all stakeholders, including the agriculture ministry and the GM crop industry, on the contentious issue.Advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for PIL petitioner Aruna Rodrigues, requested a bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and S J Mukhopadhaya to order suspension of all field trials of GM food crops in the rabi season based on the recommendation of the court-constituted Technical Expert Committee (TEC).\"Once the trial takes place, it will result in irreversible contamination of non-GM and organic crops through air and water,\" Bhushan argued.The bench appreciated the urgency attached to the issue but said, \"We don't think it is possible for the court to defer the rabi crop plantation. But we are aware that once it is contaminated, loss caused would be huge. We will consider it early.\"It posted the matter, including another PIL by NGO 'Gene Campaign', for further hearing on November 9 and asked the biotech industry, farmers' associations and the Centre to respond to TEC's interim report recommending a 10-year moratorium on open field trials of GM food crops.Despite the petitioner's strong opposition, the court allowed the Association of Biotech-led Enterprises (ABLE), of which leading GM seed producer Monsanto is a member, to place its views on the TEC's recommendations.Bhushan said the petitions focused on the lacunae in the regulatory mechanism, which needed to be made foolproof by the Union government, particularly the Genetic Engineering Approval Committee (GEAC). Bhushan wondered why the industry needed to intervene in an issue involving correction of existing regulatory mechanism. However, the court permitted ABLE to file its response by November 7.The five-member TEC was unanimous in recommending suspension of field trials for 10 years, a period which it said should be used to put in place additional safeguards. It recommended identification of specific sites for field trials, setting up of an independent scientific panel to evaluate bio-safety data, recognition of conflict of interest in regulatory body and requirement of preliminary bio-safety tests prior to such trials.The TEC recommended a 10-year moratorium on open field trials of crops used for human consumption in accordance with the precautionary principle so as to rule out genetically modified crops polluting indigenous varieties.The TEC said, \"Given the small plot sizes of farm land and relative lack of control in harvesting, storage and transport, it is likely that such contamination (of non-GM food) would be high.\" It added, \"The present regulatory system and protocol for conducting field trials is unsatisfactory and inadequate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012189", "title": "Cong\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s FDI compulsions may have blocked Srikant Jena\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s promotion", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the only opposition outfit that has not spoken out against FDI in multi-brand retail, Biju Janata Dal may have influenced the Congress decision against elevating Srikant Jena as Cabinet minister.Jena and BJD share a rocky relationship, with the minister of state with independent charge starting under CM Naveen Patnaik's father but drifting away amid differences.Sources said the much-awaited elevation for Jena may have fallen prey to Congress's attempt to humour BJD that has 14 MPs in Lok Sabha. CM Patnaik has not yet taken a position on FDI in multi-brand retail in contrast to BJP, Left front and other opposition outfits who have slammed it.With allies SP and DMK nodding to Trinamool's hostility to FDI, Congress is worried about a contingency. A vote on the issue can embarrass the government and dent the legitimacy of the policy that is seen as crucial to reviving investor sentiment amid falling growth graph. Sources believe Jena may have become a collateral victim of Congress's need for allies.BJD would be loathe to see a Congress leader from the state reach a leadership position. A popular Patnaik has also benefitted from the political void left by a rudderless Congress unit. Jena is among the few state leaders on the national scene for a long time.Promotion for Jena is regular speculation since UPA-2 came to power. He was given the insignificant MoS status which he found insulting since he was a Cabinet minister in the National Front government and held the crucial parliamentary affairs portfolio.Congressmen assured him that the oversight would be corrected. He was later given MoS (independent charge) which is again much below Cabinet status. The inconsequential charge of 'statistics and programme implementation' too did not help the optics of it being a promotion.Having been bypassed in what is seen as the last reshuffle before the 2014 elections, the Odisha party unit is said to be distressed that the state has again been ignored in political projection.If Congress is eyeing rival BJD, the handing over of responsibility of parliamentary affairs to Kamal Nath may too have an Odisha angle. While seen as a \"good networker\" across the political spectrum, the Chhindwara MP also shares an old relationship with Patnaik, having been a good friend of his late father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17013022", "title": "Need concerted effort to encourage public transport", "text": "BANGALORE: The city of Bangalore is no longer for its people. This was the key observation at a transport seminar here on Monday.Speakers cited the fact that the city is increasingly becoming pedestrian-unfriendly and economic incentives are not good enough to attract people to public transport. It's the result of the authorities' fragmented policy, said experts at the seminar on 'Our roles and the evolving landscape of public transport in the city'.The pedestrian's voice is not heard at all while four-wheelers and other vehicles are pampered, said experts. The reasons range from poor road conditions and improper or absence of facilities like safe continuous footpaths and road crossings and badly maintained subways and skywalks.\"Restrain the growth of traffic and figure out the constraints. That's the best way to tackle this issue,\" said Ravi Venkatesan, member of the board, AB Volvo.Only a greater understanding between multiple authorities can make sustainable public transport possible, said. \"Many departments have to work together to make sustainable public transport possible,\" said N Manjunatha Prasad, MD, KSRTC.\"Governance issues have a lot to do with the mindset with which we approach the problem,\" said Prof Gita Sen, Centre for Public Policy, IIM-B.Admitting that the country faces a huge infrastructure deficit with regard to public transport, SK Lohia, officer on special duty (urban transport), Union ministry of urban development, said that multiplicity of authorities is an issue and needs to have a perspective from which public benefits.However, it's not possible to lift a solution from elsewhere. \"A greater understanding between departments is important. There is great room for collaboration. We need a vision which introduces a change in mindset,\" said Ashok Sajjandar, former ambassador of India to Sweden, Kazakhstan and Latvia.The fourth edition of the Volvo Nobel Memorial Seminar was hosted by Volvo Buses in India under the patronage of the Swedish ambassador to India.\"People's health has to be taken into account. Even those in advanced countries with low carbon emissions are developing lifestyle diseases like obesity and cardiovascular diseases,'' said Prof Geetam Tiwary, department of civil engineering, IIT Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17013023", "title": "IAC activists threatened in Farrukhabad", "text": "KANPUR: An unidentified group had allegedly threatened and abused a group of India Against Corruption (IAC) activists campaigning in Farrukhabad on Monday. The activists were there to make people aware about November 1 rally of Arvind Kejriwal. Pointedly, this is the second such incident in a fortnight when the people owing allegiance to Salman Khurshid, have manhandled or threatened the IAC activists.It might be recalled that the activists of IAC and a Delhi-based journalist were allegedly manhandled in Farrukhabad by some persons on October 19 while they were conducting a survey on allegations of financial irregularities in Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust run by Khurshid and his wife Louise Khurshid.The IAC activists have been camping in the constituency of Khurshid since the past few days to urge the people to attend the Kejriwal's rally on November 1 to take up the corruption issue. They have been erecting hoardings and banners and distributing the pamphlets. Around 12 persons threatened the five members IAC, when they were pasting posters in the Chowk area on Monday morning. \"The group snatched banners and tore up the posters and threatened us and warned to stop exposing the irregularities in Dr Zakir Husain trust. They asked us to leave Farrukhabad or face dire consequences and hurled abuses at the IAC workers for campaigining against Salman Khurshid,\" said Ravindra Kumar, a local youth, involved in the campaign.The IAC activists claimed that there is nothing objectionable or indecent in the hoardings, banners or posters of IAC. \"We have only asked people through slogans like 'Farrukhabad kiska' and 'Viklango ki baisakhi ka hisab mangne chalo Farrukhabad',\" said Omendra Bharat, an IAC state working committee member said while talking to TOI on phone from Farrukhabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17014102", "title": "Cannabis spray can help beat cancer pain", "text": "Researchers are testing a cannabis mouth spray that they say can relieve pain in cancer patients who do not respond well to traditional painkillers like morphine. The spray called Sativex is being trialled as evidence mounts for medicinal use of cannabis in people with cancer and multiple sclerosis. Dr Brian Le, a palliative care specialist at the Royal Melbourne Hospital, said four Australian hospitals were participating in the study which involves about 300 patients in 20 locations around the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17013916", "title": "'Green coat' school mgmt runs for cover", "text": "MALAPPURAM: After its decision to impose a dress code - a green overcoat - for teachers triggered a controversy, the management of Sullamussalam Oriental High School in Areekode is considering revoking its decision.The school management has approached the teacher, who was suspended recently for not following its dress code diktats for compromise. The management has said that it is considering to introduce an overcoat in another colour, which is acceptable for all the teachers in the school.K Jameela, a mathematics teacher in the school was suspended on October 20 for 15 days for \"grave charges of indiscipline and disobedience\". Earlier, the teacher had informed the school management that she is willing to wear an overcoat of any other colour. Though the management denied all allegations saying that the colour of the overcoat introduced in school was not green, but dark grey, the teacher had pointed out that the showcause notice issued by the management clearly mentioned that the colour of overcoat should be 'light green'.However, now the management has admitted that it was a mistake on its part to mention 'light green' in the showcause notice and that it is ready for a compromise in order to snuff out the controversy. \"We have informed Jameela about our interest in reaching a compromise,\" said N V Zacharia, management committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "17011720", "title": "Veerapan's wife acquitted", "text": "ERODE: Muthulakshmi, wife of slain forest brigand Veerappan and ten others, relatives of Veerappan and his accomplices were acquitted by a court in Erode district on Monday. The court had slapped a 1 year prison term and a fine of Rs 150 each on 13 person.Sandalwood smuggler Veerappan and his accomplices kidnapped the Kannada film actor Rajkumar for ransom from his farm house at Thottagajanoor near Thalavadi in Erode district on July 30, 2000. The actor was released on November 15, 2000 after spending 108 days in Veerappan's custody. Crores of money allegedly was given to Veerappan to release the actor.Muthulakshmi and 25 persons who are relatives of Veerappan and his accomplices were booked under section 216 (harbouring offender who has escaped from custody or whose apprehension has been ordered) and 412 (dishonestly receiving property stolen in the commission of a dacoity) by Kolathur police in Salem district on September 11, 2001. The police had seized Rs 40 lakh, 30 sovereigns of gold jewels and three vehicles from them. The police said that 26 persons had received money from Veerappan who distributed the ransom money after kidnapping Rajkumar.The case was in Fast Track Court II at Gobichettipalayam in Erode district. Recently the case was transferred to 3{+r}{+d} additional district and session court. Judge Krishnan delivered the verdict on Monday and acquitted 11 persons including Muthulakshmi. The charges were not proved against them. But charges were proved under section 412 of IPC against 13 persons and they were sentenced to one year imprisonment and fined Rs 150 each. Already two persons, who were booked in connection with the same case, had passed away.\"The convicted 13 persons did not receive money from Veerappan and his accomplices. I have planned to appeal against the conviction,\" said defence counsel B Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013507", "title": "Illiteracy bane for dalit empowerment", "text": "MANGALORE: Access to education is an important indicator that helps one understand dalit development in Karnataka. Percentage of illiterates among rural dalit population is 45%, literates without formal schooling is 1.2% and literates who have acquired the ability to read and write through adult education programme is very small, a study by Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSEIP), Mangalore University states.As far as dalits having attended lower primary schooling is concerned, it is 12.6%, higher primary 12.2% and those having attended up to high school is 10.4%.Access to other professional and higher education is very low as far as rural dalits are concerned in Karnataka, the study carried out in select districts points.Those having done diploma, ITI and other professional certificate courses which are job oriented and crucial from the point of view of jobs or gainful employment in industry or related sectors is only 1.2%. General graduates such as BA, BCom, BSC is around 2.8% and general post graduates 0.4%. The technical and professional graduates such as engineering (BE) and medical (MBBS) is abysmal compared to their total population.Employment woesAccess to employment opportunities is also very important to understand the dalit development in India. The occupational mobility of them is highly rigid in Indian society as the institution of caste and untouchability is influencing the employment opportunities and restricting dalits to access the employment in most of the sectors. The percentage of dalits depending on agriculture sector for wage labour is almost 63 in the state.Only 18.1% of the dalits are engaged in their own land for farm activities, the dalits engaged in livestock and dairying and nonfarm employment is only 1.9 and 2.6% respectively in the state. The private sector employment for dalits is around 5.6% and around 2.7% dalits are engaged in government/related sectors for employment. The casual workers in rural non- agricultural activities are also around 5.7 percent the study points out.The percentage of people working in agriculture and related activities are 78.9% to total dalit working population and their mobility to other occupations is very less and it is also insignificant. Further, results reveal that nearly 60% of dalit workers do not have subsidiary occupations and 17.6% of them also depend on their own land to find additional occupation. CSEIP carried out this study under a three-year programme sponsored by ICSSR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012936", "title": "Delay in opening terminals costs AAI dear", "text": "CHENNAI: Delay in opening the new terminals at Chennai airport is costing the Airports Authority of India (AAI) dear.The AAI is paying the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board 80 lakh a month despite the terminals not being used. Power for the new buildings comes from a 110 kv substation on the premises, an unprecedented facility in a public sector airport.The opening is likely to be delayed further and the AAI is using power frugally. But, it is trying to keep the facilities in good shape till the terminals are opened. \"We run lifts, escalators, conveyors and other systems to keep them ready. If the machines are not run once in a while, we may have to replace them without putting them to use. Lights are switched on at night to see if everything is in order and also to showcase the work gone into constructing a modern building,\" said a senior official.Short-sighted policies and lack of coordination among different ministries delayed opening of the terminals though a majority of the works were completed more than six months ago, said a source.Though the Chennai and Kolkata airports were scheduled to open at the beginning of this year, the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) wanted the AAI to upgrade the in-line baggage system at these airports. It took a long time to clear a new policy on the in-line baggage system.Hence, AAI was not able to call for tenders and keep the system ready when the buildings were completed. So it decided to bring used in-line systems from Goa and Srinagar, upgrade them and use them here till the new machines arrived. As this was being done, the urban development ministry secretary suggested it would be better to go for a new system rather than use upgraded version of used machines.\"He felt it would be a hassle to install a system and then remove it when a new one arrived. So, we called for tenders for new in-line baggage system. Tenders are expected to be awarded next month,\" said an official.AAI headquarters also failed to call for tenders for commercial establishments like restaurants and shops. \"We thought we will open the terminal and then complete the remaining work after installing temporary food and refreshment stalls. But ministry officials felt it would be better to have everything ready before the terminals are opened because AAI was trying to bring Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to inaugurate the buildings,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17013516", "title": "Snapshots of a disaster", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A photo exhibition on the Super cyclone was held here on Monday. On October 29, 1999, the cyclone wreaked havoc in Kendrapada and Jagatsinghpur districts leaving in its trail utter devastation and destruction.The exhibition, \"Super cyclone and we\" was organized by the Kendrapada Citizens' Forum. The exhibition features photos taken by some photographers of the district and its nearby areas during the cyclone and its aftermath. The exhibition shows hundreds of dead bodies of the cyclone victims , damaged houses and other gory pictures of the cyclone. \"The photos tell a remarkable story of devastation, unity and hope,\" said Chitranjan Das of Kendrapada.At a meeting held here on the occasion of Disaster Preparedness Day, Kendrapada collector Durga Prasad Behera said, \"Natural happenings cannot be avoided but it is possible to reduce the effects of disasters by taking measures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012759", "title": "'Go digital by Oct 31, govt unlikely to extend deadline'", "text": "MUMBAI: With the digitalization of television viewing being delayed inordinately in Mumbai and three other metros, the Centre now seems determined to stick to the October 31 deadline and is against granting any further extension.\"We have just come out of a meeting after holding lengthy discussions with information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry officials. We don't see any scope for a further extension of the deadline,\" said Ashok Mansukhani, president of the Multi-System Operators' (MSOs) Alliance. A senior I&B; official, too, said there was no possibility of another extension.The process to switch over to the set-top box (STB) regime has already been delayed, with the government relaxing the deadline in the past. This time, too, over 3,000 cable operators in the city have demanded an extension till December 31 to achieve total digitalization. They argue that only 70% of connections have gone digital till date; the Centre, on the other hand, has claimed 100% digitalization.As the possibility of a \"blackout\" looms large on those who are yet to change their analog connections, Anil Parab, president of the Cable Operators' Association, has warned of \"agitations on the streets\". According to him, 30% Mumbaikars will not be able to watch television from November 1 if the government sticks to the deadline.The tussle has left a large number of viewers confused. \"We have waited long enough for 100% digitalization. The confusion ultimately affects viewers like us. There should be more clarity in terms of paid channels, advantages of digitalization and prices of STBs,\" said Asim Dholkawala, an Andheri resident. On the other hand, Ashit Kalgutkar of Chembur said viewers like him would take to the streets if their analog signals were blocked.The operators also claim that there is no clarity on the amount to be paid by consumers for different channels and the bouquets available to them. Similarly, there is no clear picture on the amount to be shared by cable operators and MSOs for paid and free-to-air channels. These factors can lead to an \"outburst\" after the deadline expires.However, MSOs and government officials say the payment process is quite clear. For a Rs 100 bouquet of free-to-air channels, an MSO will get Rs 45 and a cable operator Rs 55, they explain. Similarly, for pay-channel bouquets that cost a minimum of Rs 150, the operator will get 35% and the MSO 65% of the amount. \"There is no confusion,\" said Mansukhani, adding that things would be worked out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013254", "title": "Cap on tenure of vice-chancellors worry private varsities", "text": "JAIPUR: The Association of Private Universities (APU) (Self financing) in Rajasthan has objected to the clause-12 of the Rajasthan Self Financed Private Universities Act-2008 restricting the 'appointment of chancellor for a period of five years and shall not be eligible for re-appointment'. It has shot off a letter to chief minister Ashok Gehlot requesting him to omit this clause.State has 34 private universities and most of them have chancellors and vice-chancellors from within the sponsoring group to retain full control of universities. The Act is giving sleepless nights to the sponsors of at least four of these universities who now have to re-appoint chancellors immediately or within a year to avoid violation of law.The association opined that every university comes with an investment of Rs 100-200 crore without any government aid and is liable to enjoy 100% autonomy. \"Any how, the chancellors have been appointed in consultation with the government. A private university can never afford to run the show under incompetent chancellor. So putting a cap wouldn't hold any relevance.,\" said Sandeep Bakshi, secretary of APU.Notably, the Private Universities Act, till 2007, did not put a cap on tenure of chancellor and their re-appointment. In 2008, the Act was amended and the provision on appointment of chancellors was added. Sources said that amendment was made to monitor the functioning of the private varsities.Higher education minister Dayaram Parmar, however, refused to make any amendments in the Act for the time being. He told TOI, \"We don't have any proposed amendment lined up for Private Universities Act-2008. They cannot keep government at bay, we are fully accountable for them.\" He warned universities that they can exercise their freedom as per the law, but if they violate the rules, they shall face punishment.In other words, the universities that don't make fresh appointments of chancellors would face punishment as per the law.The government is firm on its stand as private universities have been caught indulging in malpractices in the past. Recently, the state women commission recommended chief minister Ashok Gehlot to appoint a government official in every private university to ensure they are not violating the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012593", "title": "Vendor gets 'cop' who duped him arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A fruit vendor who was duped by a fake cop at Bhayander managed to get him caught with help from his peers.Lalushyam Gupta (40) had gone to Bhayander station on October 21 to book tickets. While checking tickets, Om Pratap Rai, 45, accosted him saying he had stepped into a restricted area and, flashing a bogus police I-card, sought Rs 11,000 to evade arrest.Gupta offered him Rs 100 but Rai snatched Rs 8,000 he noticed in his purse and fled. Gupta later registered a police complaint and also alerted fruit and vegetable sellers. Recently, his peers caught a man matching Rai's description trying to fleece an auto driver pretending to be a scribe and alerted Gupta who identified him. Rai was thrashed and handed over to the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17013109", "title": "Post-Bakrid melas attract large crowd", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of people, particularly Muslims, visited 'Tarr and Parr ka mela' on the third of Eid-uz-Zuha on Monday. Majority of Muslim localities wore festive look amid blaring of loudspeakers playing religious songs. Such melas were held at many placesMen, women and children thronged fairs to celebrate the last day of Bakrid. Kids were seen enjoying joyrides on swings. Gaint wheels, roller-coaster and air-filled swing rides thrilled the children. The small horse-carts and tea-cup swings also grabbed a lot of attention. These fairs are the much awaited ones, especially by girls, who shop for cosmetics and artificial jewellery.The tasty eatery joints remained the main attraction of the melas which were offering 'chaat, 'golgappe', burgers, kebabs and other delicacies. Chinese and south Indian food was being sold.\"For the past three days, there was barely any customer. However, the rush today has been surprisingly huge,\" said a food stall owner at Chamanganj.Such fairs were held at Bakarganj, Juhi, Babupurwa and at other Muslim dominated areas. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17013978", "title": "Nursing Strike: HC asks labour commissioner to negotiate", "text": "KOCHI: Intervening in the second round of the nursing strike, the Kerala high court on Monday asked the labour commissioner to conduct talks to settle the ongoing strike at hospitals in Thrissur.The direction by justice T R Ramachandran Nair was while considering petitions by Thrissur-based Kerala Private Hospitals Association and six hospitals situated in and around Kodungallur. Managements of the hospitals and the association approached the court after strike notices were served by the Indian Nurses Association (INA) to hospitals in the district.INA exhorted for the district-wide strike after the management of Mother Hospital at Thrissur shifted the work location of few nurses. With Indian Nurses Association alleging that nurses who participated in protests are being targeted, its units at other hospitals had given notices for strike.After conducting an inspection, the district labour officer filed a report, which said the strike at Mother Hosptial was without any specific reason. Of the six hospitals that approached the court, five are from Kodungallur - Modern Hospital, MIT Mission Hospital, Okay Mission Hosptial, Craft Hospital, and Gouri Sankar Hospital. Elite Mission Hospital of Koorkkanchery also sought the court's intervention.Hospital managements had demanded in their petition that hospital service should be declared as an emergency or essential service.A week ago, the high court granted police protection to five hospitals in Kannur. Nurses are going into another round of strike and strike notices have been issued, the managements had pointed out as reason.Traffic thrown out of gearTHRISSUR: Around 2,000 nurses from 63 private and cooperative hospitals in Thrissur went on a token strike on Monday immobilizing the health service and traffic in the district.The token strike was held under the banner of United Nurses Association demanding implementation of the Balaraman commission report and finding a solution to the ongoing strike at Mother Hospital.The nurses staged a dharna in front of Mother Hospital during morning hours. It started from the Swaraj Round, throwing the traffic in the city out of gear for hours. Though the emergency services in the hospitals were unaffected, the general services were affected badly. The most affected ones were the cooperative hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013191", "title": "Boeing bags $1bn IAF chopper deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: US defence major Boeing has won the deal to supply 15 heavy-lift helicopters to the Indian Air Force defeating its rival Russian Mi-26 in the tender expected to be worth around one billion dollars.The Chinook CH47D has emerged as the lowest bidder in the tender and would be offered the deal to supply 15 of these helicopters to the IAF, Defence Ministry officials said here.The Ministry will now hold commercial negotiations with the US firm to determine the price and finalise the procurement.According to Indian defence procurement procedures, the firm emerging as the lowest bidder in the contract and fulfilling all the requirements of the tender is awarded the contract.The IAF will use these helicopters to supply heavy-duty equipment in the higher reaches in the northern and northeastern states and will replace the existing fleet of Mi-26 choppers acquired by it in the Soviet era. In this contract, the IAF determined the lowest bidder by taking into account the cost of operating the chopper through out its life span of 30 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012664", "title": "Police help sought to keep sex workers off railway stations", "text": "MUMBAI: After receiving repeated complaints about the presence of commercial sex workers at Kandivli railway station, the station master has written a letter to the city police, seeking action. The city police's help is necessary as the women often flee outside the railway premises, beyond the jurisdiction of the RPF and the GRP.According to commuters, the presence of sex workers during the late hours has become rampant at stations like CST, Grant Road, Jogeshwari, Malad and Ghatkopar, causing safety concerns among female passengers. \"We find it uncomfortable to walk out of the station, as customers haggling with the CSWs pass obscene comments or make lewd gestures. We are apprehensive of being touched or groped. Some of us have started calling up male members of our family to pick us up from the station,\" said a media professional.At Kandivli, the CSWs can be seen at almost all entrances and exits post sunset, according to the letter. They operate on the railway premises as well as outside. \"I had written to senior inspectors of GRP and RPF. But they said that whenever their personnel tried to nab the CSWs, they fled outside the railway premises,\" says the station master in his letter, a copy of which is with TOI.Activists say that the GRP and RPF need to be more pro-active. \"Dummy customers could be sent and a trap laid to nab the CSWs,\" pointed out an activist.Senior inspector Hareshwar Pimple of Kandivli police station acknowledged receiving the letter and said a police van is now posted outside the railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17011689", "title": "4 more areas within corporation limits given red alert for dengue cases", "text": "COIMBATORE: The public health department has given red alert to four more areas within corporation limits following an increase in number of dengue cases reported.The department initially gave red alerts to Sundarapuram, Ukkadam, Udyampalayam, Vadavalli, Vellalore, Ponniahrajapuram,Thadagam Road, Ganapathy and Kuniamuthur which were included in the high risk zone for dengue cases, said R Damodharan, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore.The department has identified areas where extreme caution is required. They include Police line on V H Road, Anna nagar in Podanur, G M Nagar near Kottaipudur in South Ukkadam and TVS Nagar in Edayarpalayam. \"The alerts are being issued as a forecast for control measures to be taken in the district. It includes both the corporation and rural areas,\" he said.During the first week of October, 52 city hospitals came under the surveillance of the department which records the dengue cases in the district. Earlier, only cases at CMCH were registered. However, to understand the spread of the disease, all hospitals within city limits and a few in Pollachi and Mettupalayam were also included. This has increased the number of cases reported since October. It has also helped health officials get a better picture of the dengue cases reported and the areas where it is prevalent.An entomoglical team from the department of health services is sent to red alert areas to study the situation. As part of the exercise, they look at three indices - house index (number of houses with larvae per 100 houses), container index (number of containers with larvae per 100 containers checked) and Breteau index (number of positive containers per 100 houses).The first index helps ascertain the extent of breeding area, the second helps assess the intensity of breeding and the third is to monitor the work of the field workers. If the Breteau index is above 50, officials are expected to scale up their anti-dengue work. An index value between 10 and 40 indicates a high risk zone, but does not pose danger to public health. The secondary response included checking with family members and neighbours of affected persons.The team has already been put to work in areas including Rathinapuri, Gandhipuram and R S Puram from where sporadic cases of dengue have been reported. The report would be submitted by Tuesday, which would ascertain the magnitude of prevalence of the disease, Damodaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "17013323", "title": "Toxins found in hand pump water of Phagwara village", "text": "PHAGWARA: Arsenic, a carcinogen, has been detected in water released from hand pumps in the Basant Nagar area of Phagwara. Besides, underground water here is coloured, has a distinctive odour and turbidity and is hard. The iron content is also far beyond permissible limits. The State Public Health Laboratory, Chandigarh confirmed the presence of arsenic in water.Earlier, former minister Joginder Singh Mann raised the issue of contaminated water with the local SDM who constituted a committee comprising various departments. Samples were taken and water in one of the hand pumps was even found to be containing Fluoride besides other pollutants.Water contamination is being attributed to faulty waste disposal by a local factory. However, the committee has not been able to ascertain the factory's mode of waste disposal yet. In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, the SDM mentioned the presence of pollutants in water and recommended an investigation by the Punjab Pollution Control Board.Meanwhile, the health department has prohibited consumption of water from hand pumps in the area. Fresh water tankers are to be provided instead. The SDM pointed out that the Punjab Pollution Control Board did not take any bank guarantee from the factory. Asking the board to zero in on the factory's means of waste disposal, the SDM drew attention to a dirty pond in the area. He said water in the area should be connected to the sewerage system and dirty water should not be drained into the pond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17012886", "title": "Class 10 boy returns 1 lakh he stole from marriage hall", "text": "CHENNAI: \"Honesty is the best policy,\" believed a class 10 student and returned the Rs 1 lakh and mobile phones he stole from a marriage hall. The family he stole from apparently believed in the same policy and withdrew the complaint. Police let him off after a warning.On Saturday evening, police said Madhan (name changed) walked into a marriage hall in Arumbakkam when a marriage reception was on. Posing as a guest, he went straight to the groom's room which was unlocked. He saw a bag containing more than Rs 1 lakh and two mobile phones. He quietly sneaked out with the bag and walked out of the hall.The theft came to light when the groom's father Krishnan came to the room and found the bag missing. To avoid creating nuisance, he informed very few relatives and lodged a complaint with the Arumbakkam police. A case was registered and as per the request of the groom's family members, police didn't visit the hall for an inquiry.On Sunday morning, as the marriage ceremony was going on, Madhan walked into the hall filled with relatives and friends of the bride and groom. He strode to the centre of the stage with the stolen bag. Seiing him, Krishnan ran and plucked the bag from his hands. He found the cash and mobile phones.Meanwhile, a few relatives of Krishnan informed police. Teams from the Arumbakkam police station went there and took the boy to the station for inquiry. Madhan confessed to stealing the valuables and said it was due to poverty. Apparently inspired by his honesty, Krishnan withdrew his complaint and insisted that police let him go.Police then summoned his parents, took an undertaking from them and allowed the boy to go.On Sunday morning, as the marriage ceremony was going on, Madhan walked into the hall filled with relatives and friends of the bride and groom. He strode to the centre of the stage with the stolen bag. Seiing him, the groom's father Krishnan ran and plucked the bag from his hands", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17014072", "title": "All Assam Students' Union slams Gogoi for white paper 'discrepancies'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Students' Union on Monday accused chief minister Tarun Gogoi of not incorporating important historical and factual aspects related to influx in the white paper which he released recently.Terming the white paper on the foreigners' issue a \"bundle of white lies\", the students' body accused the state government of deliberately not incorporating the important aspects to give impetus to their vested interest to retain their vote bank, and also of not maintaining a clear and consistent stand on the issue.But Aasu didn't outwardly reject the document. It said it was not foolproof, prone to factual errors, not historically correct and was aimed at diverting the people's attention from the core issue. Furnishing documents to highlight their points and counter the white paper, Aasu, too, came out with a publication that \"included\" all \"factual\" and \"historical\" aspects that were apparently missing from the government-prepared document.\"Three months ago, the core problem of influx took a new turn when violence broke out in Bodoland. The state government knew about it but didn't take precautions. Gogoi had said there were no Bangladeshis in Assam but later changed his stance. The violence resulted in the second wave of Assam agitation where people took to the streets to raise their voice. Gogoi has hidden all the core facts in the white paper,\" said Aasu president Shankar Prasad Rai.Comparing some of the aspects of the white paper with that of its own publication, Aasu put forth arguments challenging Gogoi and his government. Aasu adviser Samujjal Bhattacharjya said some of the clauses in the document were contradictory. \"There are some aspects which are wrongly published in the white paper. For example, in page 28 of the document, the government has put the setting up of IIT and Numaligarh refinery in Clause 7 of the Assam Accord whereas in reality it wasn't put in Clause 7 of the accord. The government, on page 19 of the document, states that survey and surveillance is generally carried out in areas of new settlements, construction sites, encroached land, government land, forest land and other uninhabited areas. We ask why the government is overlooking the encroachment in Kaziranga and why there has been no eviction. It is nothing but a lie and filled with anomalies,\" said Bhattacharyya.\"They have also excluded the 1951 census report and also what Mullen had said about the seriousness of the influx problem in 1931. But the most important were bipartite and tripartite talks, the verdict of the SC; suggestions that were put forwarded by Inderjit Gupta, erstwhile home minister and others were all left out. It is an attempt to divert and create confusion among people. It cannot be used as a research basis,\" added Bhattacharjya.The white paper was released by Gogoi on October 20. It is a 94-page booklet consisting of facts and figures about the foreigners' issue. The document is considered to be an important benchmark in as so much because it is the first such document to be initiated by any state government on the state's history and first one to be taken on the floor of the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17011663", "title": "Elephanta body that of Kalyan man", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The body that washed ashore near Elephanta Island last Friday, has been identified as that of Kalyan resident Nayansingh Rajput (40). Mora police say Rajput worked as a peon at Al Kausar Urdu-medium school in Govandi for the last 15 years.His relatives had rushed to Uran on Monday to claim his body. They said Rajput went missing on October 23. Coastal police last week found Rajput's body, tied up and wrapped up in a bed-sheet, inside a blue plastic bag. A case of murder was registered. Prima facie, it appears several people were behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011448", "title": "Sandy grounds flights from India to US for three days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hurricane Sandy cut off northeast United States from the rest of the world as airlines, including Indian carriers, cancelled at least 8,000 flights over the next three days to and from mega hubs like New York, Newark , Washington, Philadelphia and Boston . Authorities in these ordered airports shut ahead of the storm's landfall.On Monday, stranded flyers were being asked to rebook on flights - without any charge for one change - after Thursday but with seats not easy to find, a cascading disruption is expected to last at least a week.Jet Airways cancelled flights between Brussels and Newark's Liberty International Airport (EWR) on Monday and Tuesday and expected delays on Wednesday. \"Please do not proceed to the airport unless you have a confirmed booking and if your flight is in operation,\" Jet warned. Air India has indefinitely delayed non-stop Mumbai-Newark and Delhi-New York flights. American carrier United that flies nonstop from India to New York has also cancelled these flights for Monday.The disappointment was particularly severe for Indians as travel agents said a large number of NRIs were booked to travel for Diwali. \"Nearly 20% of the traffic at this time from US to India is for Diwali. Now flights have been cancelled for three days,\" said Benson Samuel of Riya Travels which has offices in New York, New Jersey and Philadelphia. \"Travel disruptions will last for way longer than the announced three days of cancellations as confirm rebookings are tough to happen.\"There is simply no way in or out of New York. The Gulf and European carriers flying between India and US via their respective hubs have also cancelled trans-Atlantic flights. These include airlines popular with Indian flyers like Emirates, Etihad, Lufthansa and British Airways .\"Emirates apologizes for any inconvenience caused to its customers, however the safety of our passengers and crew is of the highest priority and will not be compromised,\" said a statement. BA sounded a similar note: \"We understand that customers may be disappointed, however their safety is our highest priority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17011669", "title": "Accused in Jain murders found guilty of 5 charges", "text": "COIMBATORE: The lone surviving accused R Manoharan in the sibling murder case was found guilty of five charges including rape and murder (two counts) by the Mahila court here on Monday. The quantum of sentence will be delivered on November 1 by Mahila court judge MP Subramaniam. The prosecution counsel demanded the death sentence for Manoharan.On Monday around 10.10 am, Manoharan was taken to Mahila court from Coimbatore central prison by the city police. He looked tired with unkempt hair. He had smeared sandalwood paste and ash on his forehead, indicating that he had offered prayers.Around 10.35am, Manoharan left the court house and was returned to the prison. He was lodged along with three other remand prisoners in the third block. The rest of the day was uneventful. He ate lunch and dinner,\" said Superintendent of Prison S Rajendran, Coimbatore Central Prison.The family of Muskan and Hrithik Jain said that they were still struggling to deal with the loss of their children who were murdered in a brutal manner. \"We are yet to come to terms with the death of our children and we don't want to speak to media at this point,\" said Vijayakumar Jain, uncle of the victims. \"Such cruel incident should not happen not in the city but anywhere in the country in future,\" he told TOI.R Selvi, Manoharan's mother said that the entire family depended on Manoharan. They had no other option but to end their life if Manoharan was sentenced to death. She also believed that Manoharan was innocent and was being framed by the police who produced fake evidence and witnesses before the court.Muskan, 10 and Hrithik Jain, 7, had been students of Suguna RIP V Matriculation Higher Secondary school in the city. School mates and teachers paid homage to the siblings with a silent prayer at the institution on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17013017", "title": "Cops to book raided South Mumbai bar's guests for 'indecent behaviour'", "text": "As police began studying the CCTV footage of the SoBo lounge bar raided early on Saturday to take action against its guests, the two men booked for allegedly assaulting cops in the raid's wake filed for anticipatory bail.The nearly 200 patrons present at LIV lounge bar during the crackdown will be booked under Bombay Police Act's section 110 for \"indecent behaviour\", deputy commissioner of police Ravindra Shisve said on Monday. \"The CCTV footage shows the guests misbehaved with the police,\" he added.According to MRA Marg police, they descended on the bar at Kala Ghoda around 2am on Saturday because it was operating beyond the 1.30am deadline. \"When we asked the patrons to accompany us to the police station, they threw tantrums. The women guests were accompanied by female cops,\" said Shisve. \"We fined 21 for indecent behaviour while more than 150 fled from the station.\"The DCP's version of events was at odds with the accounts of many of the patrons and others.According to the anticipatory bail plea filed by advocate Archit Jaykar on Monday, there were no women constables for the first 45 minutes of the raid. Jaykar and LIV's owner Ritik Bhasin have been accused by cops of assaulting police personnel. Their anticipatory bail applications deny the charges, including that they prevented police from doing their duty.Jaykar, who has been practising law since 2004, says he was \"merely representing a few detainees against their illegal detention by police\". His anticipatory bail plea too details Saturday's events.It says he was with friends in Worli when, around 2.15am, one of them received a call from his sister. The sister said some male policemen stormed into LIV around 1.45am and forced her as well as her friends into a police van. The vehicle was driven to MRA Marg police station. The friend asked Jaykar for his legal assistance.The two reached the cop station around 2.45am and found about 200 people in the compound. Jaykar's plea says 10-15 police officers were standing at the station's gate to prevent anyone from leaving. The lawyer was allowed to enter since he asked to speak to the senior inspector, but there was \"none on duty\". He got no clear answer from the present cops when he questioned the cause for bringing scores of people to the police station; in fact, he was shunted around.The evasion, the plea says, prompted Jaykar to question the cause for keeping girls at the station at night. In return, he was told to wait for the DCP. When the DCP did not show up by 3.15am, he asked that women be allowed to leave. Yet again, he was told to wait for the DCP.By 3.45am, a few of those detained began arguing with the cops and demanded they be freed. When refused, they pushed at the gate and about 15 minutes later walked out. Jaykar's plea says he left the station around 4.15am. By that time too, the DCP had not arrived but a senior inspector had. Jaykar explained to the inspector the \"illegal action\".Police teams visited the homes of Bhasin and Jaykar but did not find them. \"They are evading arrest,\" stated Shisve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013147", "title": "Inter-school football, basketball tournaments held", "text": "PUNE: Cathedral Vidya School, Lonavala,organized \"Spandan-2012\", a two-day inter-school football and basketball tournament for boys and girls under 18 and 16 years of age.Vineet Nayyar, managing director and CEO, Tech Mahindra , and Commdore PJ Rangachari, commanding officer, INS Shivaji, Lonavla Naval Base, were present.The football match, played according to the FIFA rules, was the major highlight of the event. Fourteen of the country's best IB schools participated in the event.A total of 63 matches, including both football and basketball, were held.Principal Meera Sain said, \"You understand the true meaning of team spirit, planning, strategizing and several other integral life essentials. Spandan is an effort on our part to collaborate with other IB schools to create an atmosphere of fun and cheer\".Nayyar said, \"It is great to see such enthusiasm and high level of energy amongst students of different age groups. Such events are a good break for students from their hectic school routine. Not only will these sports activities help them develop their personalities, but also help identify their strengths in a particular sport, thus opening up newer avenues for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17013896", "title": "Delay in shifting electric posts hits road widening", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The delay in relocating the electric posts and transformers on the MC Road from TB Junction to Nagambadom is proving to be a major impediment to the work on widening the road on this stretch.The PWD has been entrusted with the work of widening the road and construction of the drains. But unless the electric posts and the transformers are relocated, it wouldn't be possible to carry out the work.For a positive outcome the KSEB and the PWD will have to work together.\"Around 20 electric posts and two transformers have to be relocated. We have already informed the KSEB about this,\" said a PWD official.\"The electricity board has to make an estimate of the cost for the relocation work and inform us. The PWD will meet the expenses,\" he said. The official also said the road widening work was being delayed because the board hadn't yet given the estimate.KSEB officials, meanwhile, said the estimate had been made and sent for getting approval.The board estimates the work of shifting the posts would cost around Rs 7.5 lakh. This amount does not include the charges for shifting the transformers.The official said KSEB hadn't yet received any written application for shifting the transformers.\"Though talks on shifting the two transformers near the KSRTC bus stand are going on, we have not received any written application. Moreover, PWD will have to find suitable space in the surrounding areas to where the transformers can be shifted.PWD officials, meanwhile, said the space had been identified and that the board would be informed about this at the earliest. They also said 75 per cent of the work on the drains was over.Even as these two departments keep passing the buck, the delay in completion of the work is causing major traffic snarls in the town, inconveniencing motorists, pedestrians and the merchants here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17025011", "title": "Cash seizures to hit car sales this Diwali", "text": "SURAT: For the first time in five years, car sales ahead of Diwali have seen a significant drop in the diamond city. Cash-rich Surtis known to splurge during festive season, especially on swanky cars, are holding their money back.According to sources in the auto industry, the sales have dropped mainly on account of slow-down in the diamond and textile markets coupled with fear of cash seizures due to the election code of conduct.The car segment that grew at more than 50 per cent in last three years has shown a drop of nearly 20 per cent overall during the festive month of Diwali. The upper-end luxury car segment grew by 100 per cent in the city in last five years.\"Buying a car of middle-segment worth Rs 4 to Rs 8 lakh in cash was normal in the city during festive season. But people don't want to carry cash and get caught,\" said a Maruti car dealer.\"We had phenomenal sales last year but the growth has slowed down considerably due to number of reasons,\" said Siddharth Rathore, marketing manager of Audi.Figures available from Regional Transport Office (RTO) also show the declining trend as far as four wheelers are concerned.As against the new registrations of nearly 2,000 vehicles during Diwali and Navratri festival last year, just 719 new vehicles are registered after Dussehra and the number is not likely to cross 1,500 by Diwali. City has more than 2.5 lakh cars registered with RTO.Almost every segment is feeling the pinch and even upper middle-class and rich are spending cautiously. \"We had families coming to us to buy a car for the women of the house or for the kids. But this year, it has stopped. Now people are venturing to buy vehicles only if it is really necessary,\" said Naresh Agarwal of Navjivan Group, a dealer in Hyundai and Volkswagen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17017929", "title": "Gujarat HC reserves order on method of HIV check up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has reserved its order on a PIL demanding that the authorities should adopt Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test by giving up enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) to detect HIV infection during blood transfusion process.The PIL claimed that PCR test could reduce window period in the process. The high court completed hearing on the issue on Monday.The bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala sought opinions from the National Aids Control Organisation (NACO), the state government and the Controller of drugs on whether PCR test could reduce window period for check up to the time consumed at present in ELISA .Finally, the court also asked the National Institute of Biologicals to assist the court by explaining the issue. After receiving answers from all concerned expert bodies, the court reserved its order on the subject.During the proceeding of this PIL, the high court deleted petitioner Babulal Thakkar's name from the litigation and prohibited him from participation in the proceedings. The court removed the petitioner from the PIL after it was brought to court's notice that he had sought registration of FIR against prime minister Manmohan Singh , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and NACO director Satyen Chatterji for alleged corrupt practices.The court decided to continue with the PILs sans Thakker, who used to appear as party-in-person. The court held that the issue raised by the petitioner was of very serious nature and concerns public interest, said NACO's counsel Amit Panchal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011185", "title": "State's med council to issue IDs to 1lakh doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: In a first of its kind effort in the country, the Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) will start issuing identity cards (ID) cards to all the one lakh doctors practicing medicine or allopathy. The project is being implemented through all the branches of the Indian Medical Association (IMA) in the state.\"The ID will establish the credentials of the doctor not just nationally but internationally as well. The card will carry the doctor's name, photograph and latest qualifications. I'm proud to say that the MMC is the first medical council in the country to issue an ID card to every doctor in state. It has undertaken this big project at its own cost. No fee shall be charged,\" said MMC chairman Dr Kishor Taori.The ID will help to differentiate between qualified doctors and quacks that operate mostly in rural areas. It will also create more transparency in hospitals and nursing homes which employ doctors not qualified enough to handle critical situations. Doctors need not wear the ID but they are expected to carry it all the time.Dr Ashish Disawal, secretary of IMA's city unit, told TOI that doctors who have not submitted their details to the IMA office should do so by Tuesday. Doctors are expected to check details of their registration certificates on the MMC website. This would enable them to make corrections if there are any. \"Doctors can check their details by using their individual passwords,\" he said.Whether they are IMA members or not, doctors will have to produce certificates of their qualifications. In case of any discrepancies on the MMC website, doctors can go to the IMA office between 4pm and 7pm with a copy of their registration certificate along with an application requesting the changes required on Tuesday. \"On November 1, IMA Nagpur will send the information along with the relevant documents to MMC for preparation of ID cards,\" said IMA president Dr Harish Chandak.Chairman of the registration committee Dr Y S Deshpande said that ID cards will also help in identifying doctors of modern medicine from the other branches of medicine like homeopathy and ayurveda. MMC will start issuing the ID cards within one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011150", "title": "Engineering students may get own college as centre", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University seems to have virtually given a green signal to the engineering colleges to indulge in unfair means during the examinations including mass cheating.Sources said that it has again decided to allot students their own colleges as centres despite several earlier instances of mass cheating. TOI on July 25 had reported how NU was rocked by several allegations of mass cheating, especially by newly set up engineering colleges, that brought further disgrace to engineering faculty.Thousands of students are on tenterhooks as NU is yet to allot identity cards and exam centres though exams are to commence from November 5. Controller of Examination (CoE) Vilas Ramteke told TOI the proposal regarding change in exam venues was sent to the vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal long back and he was yet to get back the file. \"The centres will soon be allocated and students will not have to suffer,\" he asserted.Citing sources, TOI had reported that many new colleges had adopted unethical practices in a desperate bid to boost their results and attract students. Same exam centres provided opportunity for management and lecturers to even dictate and writing answers on blackboards during exams. Even though overall poor results of first year, just 38%, some new colleges on the outskirts of the city managed to secure over 80% success rate, raising suspicion.NU had received many complaints in this regard but the administration failed to act on them. Even engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar admitted the fact and demanded an enquiry into the allegations. Terming the complaints \"very serious\", he stated that he had raised the issue in the Board of Examinations (BoE) meeting. \"As per my information, centres have been changed,\" he said before diverting queries to pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie, who did not take the calls.After TOI report, former CoE Siddarth Kane had stated NU was contemplating change in exam centres of all colleges irrespective of faculties to prevent such malpractices. He cited shortage of big tables for engineering drawing (ED) paper in the colleges for allotting same centres.The former CoE had even constituted a fact-finding panel under Kshirsagar asking him to complete the probe in a week. He had warned TOI that he would take action against it if panel found that the allegations were false.Three months later, even the enquiry has not been started. Kshirsagar refused to head the panel twice and NU is yet to find his replacement.(With inputs from Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17015401", "title": "India A opt to bat against England", "text": "MUMBAI: India A captain Suresh Raina won the toss and elected to bat against the touring England cricketers in the first three-day warm-up match on Tuesday.India A left out Robin Bist , Ambati Rayudu and Ashok Menaria from their playing eleven.England, who arrived on Monday, omitted Jonny Bairstow , Stuart Broad , Graham Onions , Eoin Morgan and Monty Panesar from their starting line-up.From the home side's point of view, the match is a very important one to sort out one or two batting slots in the Test team, if not immediately but in the near future.The match could also be a direct contest for the vacant no. 6 slot between incumbent Raina and comeback man Yuvraj Singh , who is coming into the game on the back of a double hundred for North Zone in the Duleep Trophy.Teams:India A: Suresh Raina (Capt.), Murali Vijay, Abhinav Mukund, Ajinkya Rahane, Yuvraj Singh, Manoj Tiwary, Wriddhiman Saha (wk), Irfan Pathan, R Vinay Kumar, Parvinder Awana, Ashok Dinda.England: Alastair Cook (Capt.), Nick Compton , Kevin Pietersen , Ian Bell , Tim Bresnan , Jonathan Trott , James Anderson , Steven Finn , Matt Prior , Graeme Swann , Samit Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013145", "title": "Jasraj, Sivamani to perform at 'Gaansaraswati Mahotsav'", "text": "PUNE: Pandit Jasraj , A Sivamani and Begum Parveen Sultana will perform at 'Gaansaraswati Mahotsav', the two-day classical music festival organized to honour classical vocalist Kishori Amonkar.The festival, organized by Natyasampada Pratishthan, will be held at the Ganesh Kala Krida Kendra on November 17 and 18.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, Raghunandan Panshikar, senior classical singer and founder trustee of Natyasampada Pratishthan, said, \"The festival is a medium through which I would like to thank my mentor Amonkar. Amonkar will be felicitated and a 'guru poojan' ceremony will be performed by students and other senior artistes of the Jaipur gharana of classical music.\"Panshikar said the festival aims to popularize the style of singing adopted by veterans like Amonkar and Pandit Jasraj.\"We want people to enjoy their style and art. These veteran singers have worked a lot on their 'aalaap' or modulation of voice, and we want people to absorb it. Amonkar specializes in extensive 'aalaap',\" he said, adding that the trust intended to make this event an annual feature.The festival will include a percussion fusion music performance by Sivamani, Hindustani classical music concert by Amonkar herself, Hindustani classical violin and sitar jugalbandi by violinist Milind Raikar and sitarist Ravindra Chari, classical vocal performances by Panshikar, Sultana and Pandit Jasraj.The Natyasampada Pratishthan is a trust founded in 2006 by late Prabhakar Panshikar, actor and producer of Marathi theatre. The trust is involved in research and promotion of Marathi theatre and Indian classical music.Amonkar is a singer of the Jaipur-Atrauli gharana and performs in the classical genre 'khyal' and the light classical genres 'thumri' and 'bhajan'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17012286", "title": "Gang stealing newborns busted", "text": "WARANGAL: The police busted a gang stealing newborn babies and took three female staff of Government Maternity Hospital, Hanamkonda and a couple from Bellampally in Adilabad into custody on Monday.Speaking to media, Urban SP S Shyamsunder said GMH nurse Shyamala, cook Swaroopa and worker Sharada formed a gang to steal the newborn baby from the hospital and sell the baby.Jyothirani, a pregnant woman had come with her husband Kanakaraju from Bellampally last year for delivery at GMH. The hospital staff who had come together explained their scheme and colluded with the couple to sell the newborn babies with their help. Last year, they stole 11 new born babies from GMH and sold them at various places in Telangana region.Recently, the gang kidnapped Ritish from Madikonda area of Kazipet town and sold him in Hyderabad. Based on a complaint, the police arrested the culprits. During interrogation, they reportedly confessed the crime. The accused were presented before the media before being sent for remand. Eleven children below three years of age were rescued and handed over to their mothers. They were stolen from GMH, Hanamkonda in the year 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17015711", "title": "Richa opts out; Neetu in Biryani?", "text": "The latest buzz in the industry is that Neetu Chandra has been approached to play one of the leads in Venkat Prabhu's Biriyani. We hear that the makers met up with her recently in the city and gave a narration. Interestingly, Richa Gangopadhyay, who was earlier signed on for the film, has opted out of it. As of now, Karthi and Hansika have been confirmed for the project.When asked why Richa chose to leave the film, a source close to the unit says that she allegedly had an issue with Hansika being signed on for the lead. Incidentally, Richa was the first heroine to be signed on for this project two months back.A source says, \"The initial plan was to have three leading ladies in the film, but Venkat tweaked the script but Richa's role was the same with minor changes. The movie will only have two heroines. Richa tweeted yesterday that she has opted out of Biriyani due to changes in her role and script. Now, the makers have approached Neetu to play the other lead in the film.\"Meanwhile... We hear that actress Meena has been approached to play an important role in the film. However, the actress tells us, \"I'm concentrating only on my TV show. I don't think I will take up any film offers anytime soon now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17012849", "title": "Why is waiting charge not on tariff cards, ask commuters", "text": "Why should commuters pay a waiting charge to auto and taxi drivers when there is no mention of it in tariff cards?\" Consumer activists have raised this question and now plan to petition the state transport department on the issue.Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said, \"If the MMRTA ( Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority) can mention in bold script that night charges are 25% extra and the luggage charge is Rs 3 per bag for autos and Rs 6 for taxis, why isn't there a third parameter called 'waiting charge'? Since it is not mentioned on the tariff card, why should commuters pay it?\"Deshpande further said the card mentions that your fare is distance multiplied by Rs 9.87 for autos and Rs 12.35 for taxis. \"It is a simple calculation. There is no mention of any hidden factor like waiting charge,\" he said and demanded the government issue a clarification on the charge.An auto union leader said the charge was nothing new. \"It was applicable even in the old mechanical meters. Our drivers lose fuel at traffic signals and during traffic snarls and jams. The burden is passed on to commuters.\" Activist Varsha Raut said drivers should bear the cost.A taxi union leader said activists should not raise a hue and cry over the charges as these have not been hiked since the past two years.The waiting charge is now 100 metres for 1 minute. One has to pay Re 1 per minute for autos and Rs 1.20 per minute for taxis as waiting charge, RTO sources said. When contacted, state transport commissioner V N More confirmed that the waiting charge was \"legal\" and that it was 100 metres for 1 minute. \"The fact that it is not mentioned on the present tariff card does not make it illegal.\" Commuters, though, have demanded that it be removed completely.RTO sources said it may be mentioned on tariff cards in the near future. More said apart calculating the fare by multiplying distance with Rs 9.87 for autos, one should check the waiting time on the meter and add the charge (Re 1 per minute) to the fare. \"Between 12am and 5am, the driver has the right to charge 25% extra over the fare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17012264", "title": "Hyderabad cops crack gold robbery case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested a six-member gang, including a jeweller, involved in the two-kg gold robbery at Jubilee Bus Station. They recovered 1.8 kg (180 tolas) of the stolen booty from their possession and produced them in court on Monday.On October 15, the gang had abducted Rajeswar, an employee of Om jewellery shop in Nirmal, at Jubilee Bus Station while he was returning to his native place after purchasing two kg gold from Chanda Anjaiah Parameshwar (CAP) jewellery store in Secunderabad and robbed him. After a detailed probe, Task Force sleuths nabbed V Bhikshapati, 28, owner of Sri Venkateswara Jewellery Mart, Hanamkonda, P Praveen, 28, salesperson at Laxmi Sai Jewellers in Hanamkonda, K Gowtam, 25, a driver from Hanamkonda, D Sampath, 32, a history-sheeter of Atmakur police station in Warangal, Ch Satyanarayana, 24 , a driver from Ameerpet in Hyderabad, and R Srinivas, a driver from Warangal, from various places in the state. Among the accused, Sampath, Satyanarayana and Srinivas were involved in a murder, an attempt to murder and a kidnapping case in Warangal district. Addressing the media on Monday, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said the robbery was planned by Bhikshapati along with his relative Praveen. \"Bhikshapati and Praveen were facing financial problems and to get over their woes they hatched the robbery plan,\" the commissioner said. Praveen, who also used to visit CAP jewellery shop, had suggested to Bhikshapati that they should rob gold from Rajeswar, who used to visit the store three to four times a week for purchasing huge quantities of the yellow metal. Then, the duo sought help from others, whom they know personally and a plan was hatched.As per their plan, the gang waited for Rajeswar at the jewellery store on October 13, but he did not turn up that day. Again on October 15, Praveen went to the store and waited for Rajeshwar, as soon as he saw the target arriving at the shop, Praveen alerted the other gang members. After Rajeswar left the shop, Bhikshapati trailed his auto on a bike and informed the other gang members, who were waiting in an Innova, about the movement of their target. As soon as he disembarked from the auto at JBS, the gang abducted him, relieved him of the gold and dumped him on the road at Yousufguda.Police got the first crucial lead from CCTV footage at the jewellery shop. \"We found Praveen monitoring Rajeswar at the shop and with the assistance of the jewellery store owners and the victim we nabbed him from Warangal. Based on his confession, other culprits were also picked up,\" the city police chief said.Task Force sleuths managed to recover 1,809 grams of the stolen booty from the culprits along with an Innova car, a bike and six cell phones. They are yet to recover 191 grams of the stolen gold, which the culprits had already sold. \"We are trying to find out if they were involved in any other offences,\" the commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012976", "title": "At 38, dengue toll highest in state since 2006", "text": "MUMBAI: The outbreak of dengue is not restricted to Mumbai; the rest of the state, too, is reeling under one of the worst bouts of the viral infection, which has claimed 38 lives this year. State public health officials said this year's toll is the highest since 2006 when 26 people had died.In Mumbai, over 300 people have reportedly contracted dengue in less than a month. The toll has, however, been lower in the city at three deaths, mainly because of its relatively better health infrastructure. Noted filmmaker Yash Chopra died of complications arising out of dengue and pneumonia at Lilavati Hospital in Bandra on October 21, sources told TOI.In 2006, there were 737 positive cases in the state as against 1,086 in 2012.The state health department has convened an urgent meeting on Tuesday to discuss the issue.State officials said dengue is no longer concentrated in urban areas. It has begun spreading in Maharashtra's heartland as well, according to a state government report.Public health minister Suresh Shetty said, \"The health department officials are monitoring the situation. Instructions have been issued to take preventive measures. In fact, a meeting on Tuesday has been called to review the situation.\"A senior health department official said, \"Besides taking preventive measures, we are focusing on fogging activities in affected areas to control the spread of dengue.''Meanwhile, a committee comprising officials from the state government, the BMC and the private sector is yet to decide on the cause of filmmaker Chopra's death, said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar. The Union government has reportedly asked for the report.(With inputs from Linah Baliga)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012811", "title": "Mgmt school inaugurates Oz campus", "text": "MUMBAI: The SP Jain School of Global Management on Monday announced the launch of its third international campus in Sydney, New South Wales , Australia. The institute, which already has campuses in Dubai and Singapore, will now offer courses in a unique tri-city model, where students will pursue the course in all three cities. The college is the sister school of the SP Jain Institute of Management and Research.The global institute will offer three courses, a four-year Bachelor in Business Administration (BBA) programme, a 16-month Master of Global Business (MGB) course for candidates with up to three years of work experience and a one-year Global Master of Business Administration (GMBA) for candidates with more than three years of work experience.For the BBA course, students will be allowed to stay on the Dubai and Singapore campuses for a year each and the rest of the two years will be spent at the Sydney campus. For the Global MBA, the students will spend a trimester each on all three campuses. The fee for the BBA course is $30,000 and $16,000 for the masters course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "17013921", "title": "Realtor's bid to kill friend's son for a share in profits", "text": "DHANBAD: A 10-year-old boy had to pay a price for a commission that his father, Rabindra Kumar Sinha, secured in a land deal recently. Shubham Kumar alias Yuvraj, a student of Class II, is battling for life in the intensive care unit of the neuro-surgery ward of Central Hospital here.Shubham was kidnapped on Sunday morning near his house at Vasant Vihar. His father's friend, Naresh Prasad Sah, who is also a commission agent, asked Shubham to come along with him to take a round of the colony on his motor cycle. The boy readily agreed.He was, however, taken to a jungle at Golmara under Tundi police station, 30 kms from here. Naresh and two of his friends, Akhtar Ansari and Yogendra Karmkar, all from Kola Kusuma area, strangulated the boy by putting a cloth in his mouth. They then threw his body in the jungle and smashed his head with boulder. They left the place only when they felt that he had succumbed to injuries. Meanwhile, not finding him around, Sinha's wife informed him about this. Sinha lodged a missing person's diary with Saraidhela. While lodging the complaint, he got a call. The caller demanded Rs 5 lakh for releasing his son and a share in the commission that he made through the land deal. \"Or else, your son's body will be sent to you\", warned the caller.The police traced the call records and it was found that his business partner had made the call. On Monday morning, Rabindra was called by the police to identify a body found in Golmara jungle. When he reached the spot, he found that it was his son, who was still alive. The child was rushed to the Central Hospital. His condition is critical. Rabindra told TOI, \"They made a determined bid to kill my son for money. They demanded Rs 5 lakh.\" Shankar Kamti, the officer-in-charge of Saraidhela police station, said the two (Naresh and Rabindra) are business partners and worked closely in sealing land deals and shared commission. Rabindra had signed an agreement for the sale of 8 acres of land of Uttam Rai of Palani circle in Baliyapur block. Rabindra was to get a commission at the rate of Rs 5,000 per decimel. He had arranged sale of the land for Rs 17,000 per decimel and earned a dividend of Rs 5,000 per decimel from the buyer. Naresh wanted his share in the deal, to which Rabindra did not agree saying that he had dealt directly with the seller and the buyer.District SP R K Dhan said Naresh Sah, Yogendra and Akhatar were arrested. \"The kidnappers had tried to kill the child when he threatened he would tell his father about them. The child was hit on his head by the kidnappers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011101", "title": "Third Pak child undergoes heart operation in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: As a part of ongoing Rotary Club initiative a third Pakistani child, seven-and-half-year-old Baby Mariam was successfully operated for a multiple heart defect on Monday at Care Hospital.A total of ten children are scheduled to be operated in Nagpur under the 'Save the Little Hearts' project of Rotary Club. The other seven children will be operated by December end. Ten more children will be operated at Indore. Rotarian Madhu Rughwani, former district governor of 3030 district, who was instrumental in launching the 'Dil Se Dil Tak' project which got converted into a national project, told TOI that Rotary had undertaken to get 200 kids from Pakistan operated in India. \"Every year Rotary International President decides on a theme. This year RI President Sakuji Tanaka has launched Peace Through Service theme and this project is an effort in that direction,\" said Rughwani.Dr Saurabh Varshney, who operated Mariam, said she had three abnormalities in her heart. She had a hole in her heart (atrial septal defect or ASD), choking of her pulmonary valve and obstruction in right ventricle.\"We could close the hole using her heart tissue itself. The choking part was opened using simple surgical knife and her heart muscles that were blocking the blood flow were cut to restore the flow. These corrections may be difficult in Pakistan but these are routine procedures here,\" he said. Mariam is daughter of Muhammad Saleem from Gadap town near Karachi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17012105", "title": "Can't conduct exams for both private and regular students simultaneously: Bhopal colleges", "text": "BHOPAL: A number of colleges in Bhopal- mainly government run- have expressed their inability to conduct exams for private and regular students simultaneously in their premises as desired by the higher education department.Several colleges have refused to forward the forms of private students citing the issue of \"insufficient space and staff for conducting the exam.\"Every year a total of around 50,000 students belonging to both regular and non-regular category appear in under-graduate and post-graduate exams. After implementing the semester system for regular students, earlier, the higher education department announced semester system for private students as well .However, as the private students started filing up forms for the next semester, colleges affiliated to Barkatullah University have denied forwarding them.When contacted, registrar, Barkatullah University, Dr Sanjay Tiwari admitted that a few colleges have shown their inability. \"Some colleges have expressed their resentment. But, they have to accept it in any condition. There is no other choice for them,\" Dr Tiwari said. However, he refused to disclose the names of the colleges. \"The situation will be in control soon,\" he added.On the condition of anonymity, principal of a government college said, \"We have limited capacity for conducting exams of regular students. In such situation, it won't be possible for us to conduct exams of both private and regular students together,\" principal said.He went on to question the logic of introducing the semester system for private students. \"Private exams are for the students who are unable to attend classes regularly. Besides, semester exams are for those students having regular appearance in sessional and other exams. Appearing in semester exam in every six months means students will have to come to exam centres twice in a year for 20-25 days. It does not make any sense,\" he saidBesides, extra class rooms for conducting exams will overburden the teaching faculties. \"There already exists a lack of manpower. This will put extra pressure on teaching staff. It's impractical,\" he said. Every year a college spends 100-150 days on conducting various under-graduate and post graduate exams.Despite contacting several times, higher education authorities did not respond.BOX...Students appeared last year in examsRegular studentsUnder-Graduate-49,038Post- Graduate: 8374Private studentsAround 50,000ramendra.singh@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17011203", "title": "New twist to Jain murder case", "text": "NAGPUR: The Rohit Jain murder case got a new twist after the arrest of Bhaskar Austin Joseph alias Anna. Bhaskar, who was produced before the court on Monday, is learnt to have helped mastermind Shaikh Akram and others to whisk away Jain from Arbi in Wardha before he was alleged murdered in September this year.Jain's body was kept concealed in a pit dug inside a hutment at Vasantrao Naik slum near Bole petrol pump for around a fortnight before the local residents brought it to fore after creating ruckus in front of Sitabuldi police station earlier this month. The local residents had also lynched mastermind Shaikh Akram's elder brother Iqbal then.Akram, his elder brother Akbar, Kamlesh Gupta and Anup Bhosle had already been arrested in the Jain murder case so far. Bhaskar is the latest one to be taken into custody in the same case. Advocate Parag Uikey, representing defence in the case, said that Bhaskar has been remanded to police custody till November 1. It is learnt prosecution had argued before the court that his custody was required for collecting information about the car in which Jain was brought from Wardha to Nagpur and another assailant Sachin Thakur, who too is wanted in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011376", "title": "50 in hospital after feast at Palghar resort", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifty persons attending an engagement party at a resort in Palghar had to be admitted to hospital following a bout of food poisoning.According to Palghar police, over 200 people attended the party at Bandhan Resort in Thane rural on Sunday evening. The guests were served Chinese food followed by dessert. The hosts had booked the caterer for the event in advance.Late in the night, some guests started showing symptoms of food poisoning. They started throwing up and were rushed to private hospitals in Palghar. A couple of them were also taken to hospitals in Vasai. Though the condition of all, including women and children, is stable, they are under observation.The police are questioning the caterer but have not arrested anyone yet. Officials of Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Thane, will take samples of the dessert for analysis. The police suspect that the mawa used in the sweets may have been adulterated. But no conclusion can be drawn till test reports arrive, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17013947", "title": "Kin of missing victims closer to compensation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Could she help it, Monica would never visit the Sarojini Nagar market. She never takes her children there. The horror of seeing her infant daughter, mother and sister die in the October 29, 2005 blasts at the market still traumatizes her.For many, the gap of seven years has not pulled a curtain on that fateful Diwali eve when 67 people died and more than 200 were wounded in serial blasts across the city.\"My nine-month-old daughter Ishika was with my mother. When the bomb went off, I thought people were only hurt and would recover. I held Ishika tightly and rushed to a hospital. But she had died,\" says Monica. Life has brought new joys to the family since then. Monica now has three children after twins were born to her two years ago. \"My younger daughter looks exactly like Ishika,\" she says.The passage of seven years has, however, brought some relief to the families of those whose bodies were never found. The government can now declare them dead, and release the long-due monetary compensation to their kin. Altogether, seven people present at the blast sites are still missing.Manisha Dass was just nine when her parents and brother died in the blast. But her father Michael's body was not found. For his parents, the loss of half their family was made worse by denial of compensation for the breadwinner. The couple struggled to bring up Manisha, who is now in Class 10. \"We are too old to work. The government should help fund Manisha's education. Michael was with my daughter-in-law Bubbli and grandson Alvin . How can he be \"missing\"? If he is declared dead now, the compensation can be used for Manisha's needs,\" says Saleena Dass, Manisha's grandmother.CBI officer S Ganeshan's family will never accept his death. Ganeshan, then 29, had left Sarojini Nagar with his mother safely. But, halfway home, he dropped her and returned for some urgent work. Only his bike was found days after. \"Our family believes he will come back. My mother will never accept he is dead. But the government should release the compensation. He was an earning member of the family,\" says Ganeshan's brother Murugeshan.On Monday, many of the survivors visited the blast site in Sarojini Nagar to commemorate the tragedy. Traders at the market had organized a havan in the memory of those who were killed. Indu Poddar, whose seven-year-old son Karan was killed, said, \"I cannot bear to look at this spot because it brings back all the pain we went through\". Her husband Vinod lost a leg. \"I am a junior court attendant and cannot afford the cost of treatment. My daughter also had multiple fractures and needs regular checkups. The government should reimburse the cost of my limb replacement,\" he said.Amid the mourners were Meerut resident NS Dhingra, who lost a son, and Jhajjar resident Balbir Singh, whose brother and his family of four died. DTC driver Kuldip, who lost his sight and some fingers trying to throw a ticking bomb out of a crowded bus in Govindpuri , said, \"I am waiting for a medical breakthrough to cure my blindness. My son, who was born two months after the blasts, is in Class 2 now. I have never seen his face\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17013639", "title": "Waste invitation cards turn beautiful structures", "text": "MYSORE: This lad creates wonders from waste. Vishnu V Raman has perfected the art of creating monuments, buildings and structures using discarded invitation cards. Ever since he turned four, Vishnu has been letting his imagination fly freely, and, constructively.Vishnu did not attend any craft classes, but drew inspiration from craft shows telecast on TV. \"Playing with waste cards interests me. In the beginning, I built a bridge using the cards. Visualizing structures helps me come out with art works,\" he said.The 12-year-old, as a child, had created birthday cards, hats, carrybags and the like. As he grew up, he designed items like helmet from cardboard waste, IPL trophy, pen stands, flower vase, photo frames, cradle, etc. Games like fishing, pin ball, wands and broomstick (snake and ladder) were also added to his collection.Speaking about her son's creative works, Urmeela Venkatesh said cards that lie waste at home have become raw materials for him. Vishnu, VII Std student of Acharya Vidya Kula School here, recently recreated the facade of Mysore Palace without using stapler or glue to attach the cards. \"He did it in less than 20 minutes,\" Urmeela said, adding: \"Timing and accuracy are of prime importance to him.\" He has also designed Metro City with flyovers and other necessary infrastructure models. He has also come out with other crafts, mostly made of household waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17012267", "title": "'Public information officers cannot question RTI applicant'", "text": "GUNTUR: Taking serious objection to the queries being raised by the public information officers (PIOs) when information is sought under the Right to Information ( RTI) Act, state information commissioner M Ratan has said that the PIOs have no business to ask questions. He said that providing information sought by the applicant was the job of the PIOs and putting questions to the applicant was not tolerable.Ratan took strong objection to the pending applications in revenue department. Speaking at a meeting here on Monday, Ratan said, \"Asking details of the applicant and purpose of the information goes against the spirit of the Act. The Act was designed to bring transparency in the governance and the PIOs should perform their duty as per its provisions,\" Ratan observed.He said of the 15,000 applications pending with the state commission, more than 5,000 pertained to the revenue department alone. He said that nearly 1.7 lakh PIOs were appointed to furnish the information sought. He suggested that PIOs not to reject any application on flimsy grounds. The commission was taking steps to dispose the cases early in order to empower people with the information. He said that entire data sought and given by respective PIOs should be compiled in the computers as per section 4(1-b) of the act. He said although the act itself prescribed that 17 issues should be computerised, no one was following the rule.Ratan said that it was unfortunate that many officers are not even aware of the details that need to be compiled in a tabular form of a table even seven years after the act came into vogue. He asked that all the welfare departments should upload their spending almost regularly and on a daily basis so that the stake holders would come to know about the expenditure. Joint collector N Yuvaraj and district revenue officer K Nagababu were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17013011", "title": "Caught, thief pretends to be deaf, dumb", "text": "MUMBAI: A thief, who would pretend to be deaf and dumb when caught in the act, was arrested by the Dadar government railway police (GRP) recently. Nandu Tayade (44) is a Buldhana native and used to come to Mumbai every month to steal commuters' baggage. He would then return to his hometown and stash away the loot in a granary. The police have recovered Rs 64,200 so far.On August 6, Tayade stole Rs 1.12 lakh from the baggage of Malad resident Vijaya Patil at Dadar station. \"After Patil lodged a complaint with us, we went through the CCTV footage and got a clear image of the accused,\" said senior inspector Prakash Kirdutt. Copies of the accused's photo were distributed to GRP personnel at Dadar.On October 22, the GRP spotted Tayade attempting to steal another passenger's bag. But when officers caught him, Tayade pretended to be deaf and dumb. \"Tayade was carrying papers from the outpatient department of a public hospital, declaring he was hearing and speech impaired. We got him to write down his native address for us,\" inspector Nitin Bobade said.A police team went to Chichari village in Buldhana where Tayade resided. On questioning, his brother revealed that Tayade had no hearing and speech problems. The hospital papers were found to be forged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17012740", "title": "80% consent must if land acquired for private projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a sign of the government acquiescing to the wishes of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , the land acquisition amendment bill may stipulate that 80% landowners should agree for government to acquire land for private projects.The change has necessitated redrafting of the note that was approved by the group of ministers vetting the land bill.The Sharad Pawar-chaired ministerial panel had decided that 67% landowners have to consent to allow the government to acquire land for private projects and those under PPP mode.But no sooner did the decision become public this month that Sonia conveyed to the government that she was against the dilution of the land bill.The rural development ministry had provided for 80% consent in the bill but brought it down to 67% after vocal opposition in the Cabinet to the stringent clause. Key ministers said such a clause would make acquisition difficult and halt industrialization and urbanization.After a brief meeting with RD minister Jairam Ramesh , Pawar told reporters Monday, \"A detailed discussion was made in the last GoM meeting. Some of them suggested changes and these were discussed and finalized today.\"He said 80% landowners have to agree for land acquisition for private projects while clarifying that consent was not required for government projects in public purpose.The changes will be made in the draft bill which will be circulated afresh to the 14 members of the GoM for their views and consent, Pawar said. The bill will be presented to the Cabinet for approval after that.Ramesh told reporters the land bill would be tabled with amendments in the winter session of Parliament.Congress is banking on the land bill to regain the halo around its \"aam aadmi\" image that has been severely dented by price rise and corruption. The legislation has been in the works for many years and may finally come to fruition.But its passage in Parliament will depend on how the opposition estimates the political impact of the bill. While BJP may want to rob Congress of a talking point among the vast farmer-rural constituency, the opposition party will have to take into account the negative publicity such a blockade could attract.A high consent clause aims to please farmers by conveying that the government can no longer acquire land against their wishes to help private projects.The government has been reeling under allegations that farm land was being taken over at cheap rates to benefit industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17013068", "title": "PCMC opens dengue detection centre", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has opened a dengue detection centre at Yashwantrao Chavan memorial (YCM) hospital in Pimpri.Addressing a news conference on Monday, PCMC's medical officer of health A D Jagdale said: \"A separate pathology centre has been started at YCM hospital wherein tests of suspected dengue patients will be conducted. The tests are on par with those conducted at the National Institute of Virology (NIV). So there will be no need to send the samples to the NIV to confirm whether a patient is dengue positive or not.\"In 2012, 56 dengue cases were detected in Pimpri-Chinchwad. Jagdale said, \"13 patients were tested positive in September, while 23 cases were found in October. As many as 13 suspected dengue patients are undergoing treatment at the YCM hospital run by the civic body.\"Joint commissioner Amrut Sawant said that the number of dengue patients was increasing in the city. So a review meeting was held at the PCMC main office on Monday. \"The meeting was attended by four zonal officers, senior officials from the health and medical departments and from the building permission department. The officials have been asked to conduct public awareness campaign to enlighten citizens about the steps to be taken to prevent the spread of dengue.\"Sawant added, \"The dengue causing Aedes Egypti mosquitoes breed in fresh water. Fresh water is stored in large quantities in the open at construction sites. We have appealed to the builders and owners of construction sites not to store fresh water for longer periods.\"He said that if the builders and construction site owners did not heed to the appeal, the civic body will take action against them.Elaborating on the public awareness campaign, Sawant said, \"Hoardings will be put up for a period of two to eight days at important junctions in the city. Pamphlets will be also distributed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17011932", "title": "State to scout for diamond traders", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the diamond industry-rich states like Gujarat and Maharashtra are facing problems, the state government sees an opportunity in it.The state government would encourage those working in diamond industry in Gujarat and Maharashtra, the states facing problems like scams and communal riots-- to shift base to safer states, Vijayvargiya added. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan would hold a road show in Mumbai shortly, he said. The diamond major Rio Tinto has already brought a few persons to the state from places like Mumbai and Surat, he said. By the way, a diamond pendant, prepared from diamond pieces collected from the diamond mine in Panna district of the state, was put on display by the CM during the morning session of the day.The government is also trying to make revenues by commercial exploitation of the properties owned by it in Maharashtra and Kerala, he said.Essar Group chairman Shashi Ruia called on chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan here on Monday and wished to invest in various sectors of the state, including education, bio-medical research, logistics and business process outsourcing. Ruia assured that his group would extend its active cooperation in the state's industrial development.Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) , a leading IT firm, will set up operations in the state by building a new integrated campus in Indore for IT and BPO with an initial investment of Rs 550 crore in the first phase. Once all permissions are in place, the construction of phase I is expected to be completed by March 2016. It is likely to provide employment to 10,000 persons.Cadbury signed an MoU with TRIFAC for additional investment in its plant in Malanpur. The facility will create 1,700 jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17011337", "title": "CBSE aims to promote cultural learning, launches heritage portal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) which is conceptualising and formulating a heritage education programme for schools, launched its heritage website and a blog, Shiksha'n'Diksha on Monday.The website is part of the heritage education programme of the Board. The website put in place jointly by CBSE and Sahapedia is to create awareness about India's cultural heritage among young, future decision makers and to encourage them to participate in safeguarding this legacy for future generation.The website was launched by the former education secretary, ministry of human resource development, Anshu Vaish. Vaish said, \"The heritage site will act as a resource matter for teachers and students.\"Also present on the occasion, chairman of CBSE, Vineet Joshi said, \"This is an endeavour to inspire our future generation to learn about our past and take our country forward.\"CBSE is planning heritage education as a dynamic subject which can emerge as a link program between social and natural sciences. Therefore, to motivate schools in this direction, the Board has launched several heritage education games, activities and projects for schools. Events like inter-school Heritage India quiz, celebration of World Heritage Day on January 12 every year, adopt a monument programme and functioning of heritage school clubs is also being introduced. The website is a continuation of this effort.The website presently has four domains - Built Heritage, Natural heritage, Performing Arts and Arts and crafts. This portal has been developed to benefit the students, teachers and parents.Along with the website, CBSE also launched a blog, Shiksha'n'Diksha, providing a platform to students, teachers and parents to express, interact, discuss and debate their views on education and how they would like the educational system to evolve.\"This will be your punching bag for parents, students and teachers. This will be your window for fresh air each time you open it. To begin with, we are looking at our school education system,\" said M Rajendran, the brain behind the blog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013389", "title": "Court puts off CBI plea on warrant for Rathore", "text": "JAIPUR: The Dara Singh encounter case saw some furious action on Monday.BJP legislator Rajendra Rathore rushed to the Supreme Court against the high court order asking for his immediate surrender while the CBI approached a lower court to obtain an arrest warrant against him.The agency said that Rathore has not turned himself in even three days after the HC direction. In a breather for Rathore, the court fixed the next date of hearing on October 31. Meanwhile, Rathore's lawyers approached SC to file a special leave petition (SLP). However, it could not be listed for hearing as the apex court asked the petitioner to approach through proper channel. The matter is likely to come up for hearing on Tuesday.CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfarz Haidar Khan told TOI, \"The CBI's application came up for hearing in the link court of additional district judge Anita Sharma as the district judge was on leave. \"CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfarz Haidar Khan told TOI, \"The CBI's application came up for hearing in the link court of additional district judge Anita Sharma as the district judge was on leave. We had requested the court in our application that an arrest warrant be issued against Rathore.\"Khan said that the Rajasthan HC in its orders on Friday had said that Rathore should surrender himself \"forthwith\" before the trial court failing which police authorities and the trial court were directed to take necessary steps to arrest the 8politician.\"The CBI waited for three days, but he has not turned himself in. The word \"forthwith\" has been used with directions to Rathore for surrender, which means, the politician has to surrender without any delay. So as per the high court's directions, we requested the link court to issue an arrest warrant keeping in view the urgent nature of the matter,\" said Khan.However, the court fixed October 31 as next date of hearing as the district judge court is not in session. Rathore's lawyer A K Jain filed an application in court saying the defence arguments should be heard before an arrest warrant is %issued. This application will 8also come for hearing on 8October 31.Jain argued that the expression \"forthwith\" does not necessarily and always mean instantaneous. The expression has to be understood in the context of the statute. Rathore had filed an application in the Rajasthan high court immediately after orders of his surrender requesting it to give him four weeks' time to go through the appeal. Lawyer A K Jain said that the application will come up for hearing on November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17013485", "title": "Students display high spirits at youth fest", "text": "LUDHIANA: The 3rd Annual Youth Festival of Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU) commenced on Monday, with first day seeing huge participation from students for various fine arts events.Dr Sushil Parbhakar, controller of examination, was the chief guest for the morning session. During his interaction with the students, he said, Youth festivals are an appropriate medium for expression for the students. The huge crowds gathered here display students high spirits towards such events.The morning session saw events like on-the-spot painting, poster-making and photography. The topics of the photography included 'Portrait of nature', Texture, Moods, while for poster-making the subject was 'Natural landscape'.Meanwhile, Dr Satinder Pal Singh Sangha, director student welfare, was the chief guest for the afternoon session. The event included collage-making with the topic White Revolution.The judges for the day were Dr M S Toor and Kulwant Singh Basra. Tuesday would see events like cartoon making, clay modelling, debate, extempore speech and elocution contest.ResultsOn-the-spot photography 1 | Satinder Pal Singh Saini, College of Veterinary Science 2 | Deep Jot Singh, College of Fisheries 3 | Parteek Jindal, College of Veterinary ScienceOn-the-spot painting 1 | Amanjot Brar, College of Veterinary Science 2 | Barinder Singh, Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Amritsar 3 | Amarpreet Singh, Khalsa College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, AmritsarCollage-making 1 | Taranjot Kaur, College of Veterinary Science 2 | Parteek Jindal, College of Veterinary Science 3 | Amandeep Kaur, College of Dairy Science and Technology", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17013121", "title": "One lakh families remain deprived of NREGS benefit", "text": "BAHRAICH: In Devipatan division, out of Rs 141 crore rupees that were to be spent on welfare schemes under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNRES) on all the 44 blocks, only Rs 59 crore was spent by September depriving 1 lakh families of employment opportunities.Four districts of the division were supposed to spend Rs 141 crore of rupees by September which would have helped 1 lakh families get employment but officials were not able to achieve this target.In Gonda, instead of Rs 43 crore, only Rs 16 crore were spent depriving 43,000 families of employment. In Balrampur, instead of 42 only Rs 12 crore was spent and 25,000 families remain deprived of employment. In Shravasti district instead of Rs 17 crore only Rs 9 crore was spent which kept 26,000 families unemployed. In Bahraich district, instead only Rs 20 crore was spent out of Rs 37 crore.The money was to be spent by all the 44 blocks of the division but the joint block development officers failed in the mission.The condition of Babhanjot, Paraspur, Haladhmau, Mankapur, Chhapiya, Mujehna and Tarabganj blocks is worst. Women employed are only 5 per cent instead of the targeted 33 per cent under the MGNREGS. Pradhan avoids giving employement to women. 1 per cent women in Gonda, 2 per cent in Balrampur, 1 per cent in Bahraich and only 0.5 per cent women in Shravasti were able to the job under MGNREGA.The commissioner of Devipatan division Dr Ashok Kumar Verma said performance of MGNREGS work is below satisfactory and it has been communicated to all district magistrates of the division that pradhans of gram panchayats where less than 60 per cent of the funds has been spent should be issued notice under panchayati raj section G and if their response is not satisfactory, action must be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012848", "title": "Tariff cards' pasting drive to start at prepaid booths", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO has decided to adopt a new strategy to ensure that the maximum number of cabbies paste original tariff cards behind their seat.Regional transport officer M B Jadhav told TOI, \"We have now decided to post volunteers at prepaid taxi booths in the city. The booths are located outside prominent railway stations such as CST, Dadar, Mumbai Central, L T T and Bandra Terminus. Thousands of taxis arrive at these booths daily. Whenever a taxi stands in the prepaid queue, the driver will be handed over the original tariff card (blue for electronic and yellow for mechanical) and told to compulsorily paste the card before picking up a passenger.\" This will ensure that at least 10,000 to 20,000 taxis have the original tariff cards within a week.He added the department had printed 35,000 more cards and a significant number was distributed among traffic policemen.Traffic cops will hand over the cards to drivers at prominent junctions and stands.Taxi unions such as those led by A L Quadros and Prem Singh have instructed their members to paste tariff cards. Over 10,000 taxis have done so. \"Carrying a photocopied card or pasting it behind the driver's seat is an offence. Passengers should complain about it as it is illegal,\" said a senior RTO official.Complaints can be lodged with the local RTO or on the tollfree number 1800-22-0110.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17016411", "title": "Sculptures back to life after 45 years", "text": "Games, audio-visuals, and stone sculptures that have been locked in storage for 45 years are all part of the sculpture gallery at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya, which reopens todayThe sculpture gallery at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (formerly known as Prince of Wales Museum) finally opens to the public with a series of upgrades that authorities hope will attract younger visitors.The gallery has been closed for renovation since March, and people involved in the project are optimistic that the facelift will make things worth the wait.The new gallery includes eight sculptures that had been kept in storage for the last 45 years. Historian Devangana Desai and curators Sabyasachi Mukherjee , Dilip Ranade and Mrinalini Jamkhedkar dug deep in the basement, where over 2,000 sculptures had been stored, to add to the collection of existing sculptures on display.The gallery itself is now divided into two broad sections: one for Hindu mythology and the other for Buddhist and Jain mythology.\"The museum is a place that is associated with research and scholarly activity, but not enjoyment. We hope to change that with new interactive elements,\" says Mukherjee, director general of the museum.The sculpture gallery is the seventh section of the museum to be reorganised and renovated over the last two years.45 years laterSome sculptures that have been in storage for 45 years have been put on displayTalking sculptures: What's new at the museum audio visual presentationsA film created by education officers at the museum will put the sculptures into context. \"It takes the visitor to the place where the sculpture comes from and fills you in on the story behind the creation,\" says Mukherjee.GamesYou can spot the difference between two similar images of a Brahma sculpture, help Ganesha find his bowl of sweets in a maze puzzle and match the gods with a cartoon representation of their 'vahana' (vehicle)Computer kioskA touch screen computer kiosk will take you through a description of the sculptures, the dynasty they belonged to, and the unique features. Younger visitors can also opt for a caricature storybook narrated by a Dvarapala Yaksha warrior.Clay modelling workshopThose interested in clay modelling can get involved in workshops while seated amongst some of the finest sculptures from Indian history. The workshops will be conducted by art studentsBraille footnotesMukherjee believes the museum is a resource that should be made available to all, and the new gallery includes captions in Braille. \"We will also allow visually impaired citizens to touch the sculptures on occasion,\" he said.Visiting hours: Tuesday to Sunday, 10:15a.m.to 6:00 p.m. Monday closed.Entry: Rs 50College students Rs 25, school students Rs 10yolande.dmello@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17012714", "title": "Don't hasten digitalization, Uddhav warns Centre", "text": "Throwing its weight behind cable operators, the Shiv Sena has warned the Centre not to hasten the process of TV digitalization. \"The Sena will not allow the authorities to snap cable connection after the October 31 deadline. Citizens cannot be deprived of their share of TV entertainment during Diwali,\" party CEO Uddhav Thackeray said on Monday. \"Big money is involved in the Centre's move to make digitalization mandatory from November 1.\"People are already down and out because of the hike in fuel prices and the cap on LPG connections. To add to their woes, the government is going ahead with digitalization,\" he said. Pointing out that Mumbaikars wanted the deadline to be extended till January 2013, Uddhav said the Sena would support the demand. \"If Mumbaikars come out on the streets, the Sena will be with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17011801", "title": "Raina, Yuvraj to battle for No. 6 spot in Indian Test team", "text": "MUMBAI: Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh have won many games for India. They have played the finishers' role to perfection. Their acrobatic saves at point and cover have stopped many batsmen from piercing the field. Both have taken brilliant catches and produced direct hits that have changed the course of a game.As fate would have it, though, the two will be hoping to outdo each other and clinch the No. 6 spot in the Indian Test team for the four-match series against England, starting November 15, when Raina leads India A in the three-day tie against Alastair Cook's troops at the Brabourne from Tuesday.The poor form of openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir has been a cause for concern of late, but realistically, No. 6 is the only spot that is up for grabs in the Indian team. The right-left Delhi combination of Viru and Gauti has aggregated 2666 runs at an average of 60.59 in India. Hence, even if Murali Vijay and Abhinav Mukund - the designated openers for this match and another right-left combination, but from Chennai - pull off something sensational at the CCI, the new selection committee isn't likely to take much notice.Back to the No. 6 conundrum then. Raina had usurped Yuvraj from that spot in Sri Lanka , thanks to his debut ton in 2010 and then handed it back to him for the series against the West Indies, after Raina endured a horrendous tour of England. Then came the saddening news of Yuvraj's rare germ cell cancer.Laxman's sudden retirement has once again presented an opportunity to these two players, who are likely to bat at No. 5 and No. 6 in the three-dayer.\"He is my role model,\" Raina said, referring to Yuvraj after practice on the eve of the game. \"I would love to see him back in whites. I want that spot too. But I'd rather not dwell on who it will go to. I just look to enjoy his company,\" he added philosophically.Yuvraj, after missing Sunday's practice session, trained on Monday and was even struck on the ribs by a bouncer from a net bowler.For Raina, who played the two-Test series against New Zealand and scored a fifty, the England series offers a chance at redemption. \"I want to play these four Tests against England. I was there in England and I still feel the pain of losing that series 0-4. I want to give the English some of that pain back,\" he said.He can start on that mission by scoring a few runs here. The UP player will surely be tested, though, as in Stuart Broad , Tim Bresnan, James Anderson and Graham Onions , England have a seam attack that will need some handling, especially if the wicket plays true to its reputation. \"Yes, the pitch here offers good bounce to the bowlers. The first two hours are going to be crucial and that is where the openers come into play. We have two openers (Vijay and Mukund) who have played Test cricket for India,\" Raina stressed.Raina also said that he was in no mood to offer any favours and will insist on the game being treated as a first-class match which means only the listed 11 can bat and bowl. \"I don't want to give England proper practice,\" he said.As there are no specialist spinners in the team, the pace bowlers - Irfan Pathan, Ashok Dinda, R Vinay Kumar and Parvinder Awana - will get a chance to display their potential.TEAMSIndia A (from): Suresh Raina (captain), Murali Vijay, Abhinav Mukund, Ajinkya Rahane, Manoj Tiwary, Yuvraj Singh, Irfan Pathan, Wriddhiman Saha, R Vinay Kumar, Ashok Dinda, Parvinder Awana, Robin Bisht, Ashok Menaria, Ambati Rayudu.England (from): Alastair Cook (captain), James Anderson, Jonny Bairstow, Ian Bell, Tim Bresnan, Stuart Broad, Nick Compton, Steven Finn, Graham Onions, Monty Panesar, Samit Patel, Kevin Pietersen , Matt Prior, Joe Root, Graeme Swann, Jonathan Trott.Umpires: Shavir Tarapore, Sudhir Asnani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17013370", "title": "After boy dies, mum back for abandoned girl", "text": "JAIPUR: At first she was her unwanted child. Now 32-year-old Daku Bai is running from pillar to post to get her back. A case of a woman abandoning her girl child has taken a bizarre twist.A week ago, Daku Bai gave birth to a twins \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a boy and a girl \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at Udaipur's MB Hospital. She then quietly slipped away unnoticed with the baby boy, leaving the new born girl behind. Fate however, had other things in store. A few days later, the boy died suddenly. Now, the woman has been doing the rounds of hospital demanding her girl child back.The situation has put officials of the child welfare committee in a fix. \"It is a clear attempt of abandoning the girl child. Thus, we are in constant touch with the child welfare committee, Udaipur to find out if the baby girl could be handed over to the mother on humanitarian grounds or do we need to take action against the mother for abandoning her,\" Doctor DP Singh, superintendent of MB Hospital, Udaipur told TOI on Monday.He added that the woman fled merely two days after she gave birth to the twins, taking the infant boy who, was underweight, along with her.According to the sources, the hospital administration and the child welfare committee were planning to lodge an FIR against the mother but could not do so due to Eid festival on Saturday.\"This is a unique case. Usually people who abandon girl child never return and as a procedure we hand over the girl to the child welfare committee to pursue the adoption process. However, in this case the mother has returned to claim the baby,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17012990", "title": "Holidays delay police SMS alerts", "text": "BANGALORE: The police department's initiative of SMS alerts under Sakala couldn't take off due to the spell of holidays.In a bid to simplify procedures, an automated SMS service for 11 police services was to commence on October 10. \"Due to several holidays, we were unable to implement it. Test services are on at the computer laboratory of the police computer wing (PCW),'' said additional director general of police (PCW) Praveen Sood. The pilot project could be up and running by another fortnight in a phased manner.\"We expect at least 20 services to be brought under Sakala (guarantee of services to citizens within a time frame) by middle of December,\" he said.The SMS facility will reduce the number of visits citizens will have to make to police offices.He said they are now testing the GSC (guarantee services to citizens) number. \"It's similar to the railway PNR number or a bank account number of 15 digits. We're checking ways on how people can access the status of their cases through the internet,\" Sood added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17013540", "title": "JD(S) looks at youth to turn fortunes", "text": "MANGALORE: JD(S) is seeking to bolster its fortunes in Dakshina Kannada by inducting second line leaders and youth who can take the party forward, HD Kumaraswamy , state president of JD(S) said here.\"It is these leaders who are in sync with the people and know their problems first hand that will stand the party in good stead rather than established leaders of other parties and inducting them could cause discomfiture to all concerned,\" he added.Exhorting party leaders to work unitedly to take on both Congress and BJP in the coming assembly elections, Kumaraswamy who inducted educationist A Sadananda Shetty into the party, said he has had telephonic talks with Halladi Srinivas Shetty, former BJP MLA from Kundapur.\"None of our leaders have met him to invite him to join the JD(S). Halladi might take a decision in this regard at a time convenient to him,\" the former CM said.Krishna's entry is not a threatNot dismissing or discounting media analysis on impact of possible re-entry of former CM SM Krishna to state politics, especially in Old Mysore area, Kumaraswamy said, \"Political conditions in 1999 when Krishna became CM and now are vastly different. On the other hand, his entry into state politics might widen the fissures in the state unit of Congress and end up helping the JD(S) which will come to power in the next assembly elections,\" he added.Observing that there is a strong undercurrent against both Congress and BJP as they have not lived up to the people's trust, Kumaraswamy said,\"People of Dakshina Kannada should understand that BJP has created rift in society with its ideologies. The party that has presented an Rs 1 lakh crore budget has also on the other hand doubled the state's debt. The BJP has not fulfilled any of the assurances given in the election manifesto,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17010971", "title": "Fire causes severe damage at Rainbow Medinova", "text": "NAGPUR: Property worth several lakhs was damaged in a major fire at Rainbow Medinova Diagnostic Services's pathology lab in Ramdaspeth area in the wee hours of Monday. Fortunately, no one sustained injuries in the blaze, which erupted due to a short circuit.According to fire department officials, the fire began around 1.30am on the first floor of diagnostic services. Six fire tenders pressed into service. It took almost an hour to douse the fire. Until then, laboratory testing equipment, two refrigerators, two air-conditioners, four computer sets and furniture were gutted. Sources said that the footfall in the diagnostic centre is very high and the main reason no one sustained injuries is because the fire erupted in the night. Fire officials pegged the material loss at around Rs60 lakh.As per fire department's record, the diagnostic centre has not obtained any fire compliance certificate from NMC's fire and emergency services department. \"We have asked the centre's owner Dr R B Dakhane to produce the copy of the fire department's no-objection certificate by Tuesday. If Dakhane fails to produce it, we will serve him a notice,\" he said.However, the incident has once again exposed the lackadaisical attitude of private hospitals and clinics towards making their premises fire safe.It can be gauged with the fact that of around 650 private hospitals, only 16 had compliance certificates by installing fire fighting equipment and other systems. \"Around 115 hospitals have obtained only temporary no-objection certificates from the fire department,\" said a source.The Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act, 2006, empowers the chief fire officer to disconnect water and electric connections of violators, but the city's fire department has not initiated any such actions yet.Besides, the Act also empowers the CFO to issue directives to the commissioner of police to seal the building. A case in point is Care Hospital, where a major fire was broke out in December 2011. The hospital has violated as many as 16 guidelines and those include no side-space margins and blocking of entrance gate facing Wardha Road. Sources said the department has served notices to around 108 hospitals including Care Hospital for ignoring fire safety norms.Sources pointed out that lack of fire NOC obtained by private hospitals is due to apathy and lack of coordination between the NMC's departments including town planning (which sanctions plans), health department (which allows to run the hospital) and the fire department (which certifies the premises is fire safe), said a source.Town planning department was the nodal agency to sanction building plans or maps but the department reportedly never insisted on fire NOC before issuing occupancy certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17015403", "title": "No Bengali teaching in Purnia College", "text": "PURNIA: Authorities have virtually abandoned Bengali teaching on the pretext of rationalization of the posts of lecturers in Purnia College which falls under Bhupendra Narayan Mandal University (BNMU), Madhepura, triggering protests in the academic circle.The state education department joint secretary, in a communication to the college, informed that the strength of lecturers at the college had been reduced from 73 to 60. In the process, while two posts of teachers in the department of English, Maithili and Bengali have been surrendered, one post each in physics, chemistry, botany, zoology and mathematics in the science stream and economics and political science in the arts faculty have also been surrendered. The surrender of two posts in Bengali means that there will be no teaching of Bengali in Purnia College, it is officially learnt.The suspension of Bengali teaching has kicked off a storm of protest in view of the fact that Purnia has always been the cradle for Bengali litterateurs including Satinath Bhaduri, Bolai Chand Mukhopadhyay 'Banphool' and Kedar Nath Mukhopadhyay.Dubbing the entire exercise in the name of rationalization as retrograde, a former member of Purnia Bengali Association, Alo Rai, said, \"The posts of teachers in Bengali have not only been abolished in Purnia, but an anti-Bengali mindset appears to govern the state government.\"BMNU Syndicate member Jai Krishna Mehta on Saturday regretted such an aberration. He, however, assured that the authorities would soon rescind the decision. The university authorities are seized with it and would approach the education department officials, he added. The rationalization of posts of teachers has not affected Purnia College alone, but all other colleges where roughly 20% of the posts have been abolished, Mehta said.The suspension of Bengali teaching has kicked off a storm of protest in Purnia as it has always been the cradle for Bengali litterateurs, including Satinath Bhaduri, Bolai Chand Mukhopadhyay 'Banphool' and Kedar Nath Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17013920", "title": "Ranchi nights get chilly as winter sets in", "text": "RANCHI: Winter chills can be felt as one steps out of house at night. In the past few days, the minimum temperature of the city has dipped below the the normal minimum temperature.The normal minimum temperature of the city, according to IMD sources, should be 18 degree Celsius but it has been fluctuating from 13 to 15 degree Celsius in the past three days.Ravi Kachchap, a government employee, said: \"The wind is really chilly, one does not feel so in the daytime as the sun shines bright. But it gets colder by the night.\"G K Mohanty, director of IMD, Ranchi, said that this will continue for the next three days. \"The low pressure system in the southern portion of Bay of Bengal has led to a change in cyclonic circulation. As a result the north easterly winds are colder,\" he said.The minimum temperature on Monday was 13 degree Celsius and the maximum was 27 degree Celsius which is comparatively lower than the normal temperature. Mohanty said, \"This will continue for the next three days when the temperature at night will be much lower than what it is during the day.\"The sudden dip in temperature caught people unawares and as a result many fell ill owing to cold and cough. Arjun Mullick, a college student, said: \"I caught severe cold because of the sudden change of weather. Three days ago, it was bright and sunny in the daytime but the temperature dropped really low at night and I was not carrying a windcheater.\"Now, people are seen carrying sweaters and jackets while travelling at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17013025", "title": "ASI seeks heritage tag for 2 more sites", "text": "BANGALORE: The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) plans to seek world heritage tag for two more historical sites in the state -megalithic tombs of Hire Benakal in Koppal district and Bahmani structures at Bidar and Bijapur. It will send a proposal to Unesco for inclusion of these two sites.The hundreds of megalithic tombs at Hire Benakal pertain to the 500 BC-200 BC period while the monuments belong to the Adil Shahi period of Bahmani Sultans at Bidar and Bijapur.Speaking to reporters on Monday, D Dayalan, ASI regional director, said that Karnataka has 500-odd historical monuments. \"At present, Hampi and Pattadakal have been given the heritage tag. We would like to extend the Pattadakal heritage area by including Aihole, Badami and Mahakoota, the nearby places having historical monuments pertaining to the Chalukya period,'' he said.He said that a 'homa kunda', a pit where a sacred fire was lit, and a Mahadwaram, belonging to the period of Gangas, were discovered near Talakadu.What's a heritage tagOnce a site is recognized as a heritage site, the world heritage committee gives limited funds to support it. However, since a heritage tag means international recognition, such sites will get assistance from international organizations. Also, when a country nominates a particular site, it means it is committed to protecting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17012761", "title": "Patil under fire from Cong for calling ally pain for NCP", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after home minister R R Patil attacked the Congress, saying the party has become \"a pain for the NCP owing to its corrupt practices\", the senior NCP leader came under heavy fire for \"exceeding his brief\". A senior Congress minister on Monday said the NCP leader must set his own house in order before pointing fingers at the Congress. \"Patil has a habit of making irresponsible statements. Before making baseless allegations, Patil should do his homework. More than half-a-dozen NCP leaders are facing charges of corruption,\" he said.NCP chief Sharad Pawar leads the list of NCP leaders under the scanner. Anti-corruption crusader Y P Singh has alleged that Pawar played a key role in allotment of land to Lavasa corporation in Pune district. NCP's Padamsinh Patil was arrested for his alleged involvement in the murder of Omraje Nimbalkar. A month ago, the then deputy CM Ajit Pawar quit following corruption charges in irrigation projects. Water resources minister Sunil Tatkare and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal are accused of flouting norms while allotting contracts. In both the cases, the anti-corruption bureau has sought the government's permission for an open inquiry. \"If Patil is serious, he should urge the CM to grant permission,\" the minister said.Minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar was arrested for his alleged involvement in the Jalgaon housing scam, while cabinet member Jaidutta Kshirsagar is accused of favouring a select firm while alloting the toll collection contract .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-30"}
