{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13180951", "title": "Another victim's father compensated with Rs 33 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A freak accident similar to Deval Vora's has taken place eight years ago and set a precedent in how a victim's family is compensated by the consumer courts. Hardik Acharya, an engineering student, had tried to peek through a window in the wooden door of the lift to know if it was coming down after he pressed the button repeatedly. He was on the ninth floor of the 10-storey Akshardham Flats in Shahibaug.The indicator was faulty and did not display the floor the lift had reached. No sooner had he looked up that the lift came down and chopped his head off. Hardik's father, Nalin Acharya, was compensated last year in June when the Gujarat State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission awarded the family Rs 33.6 lakh with a 9 per cent interest.The commission found the builder, chairman of the housing society and the agency which had the annual contract of lift maintenance guilty of not following the Gujarat Lifts and Escalators Act, 2000 and Gujarat Lifts and Escalators Rules, 2001.\"As per the norms, the window on lift doors has to be of five inches by nine inches, fitted with a metal grill and toughened glass,\" says KK Bajaj of the Consumer Education and Research Centre (CERC), which provided legal aid to Acharya. \"But in Hardik's case, the size of the window was 7.5 inches by 9.5 inches, allowing him to fit his head in it. Also, there was no glass or grill fitted on itLift safety is a neglected issue in the state.\"Bajaj pointed out that a certified agency for elevator maintenance charges between Rs 10,000 and Rs 12,000 annually, but housing societies get the job done from unqualified agencies for half the cost.He also pointed out that in a survey conducted by the CERC in 2006-07 a majority of the lifts in most cities had not renewed their licenses. There were more than 48,000 lifts in the state at the time of the survey.\"Nearly half the lifts did not have licenses as they expire every three years. No one bothered to apply for renewal with the chief electrical inspector not even issuing show-cause notices to societies for renewal,\" Bajaj added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13187532", "title": "Man strangulates wife, sets her on fire to claim suicide", "text": "JAIPUR: A man who misled the police by claiming that his wife committed suicide was arrested on Wednesday after it was found that he had actually strangulated her and later set her on fire to give it a suicide angle.On Monday, the accused, Gopal Lal (36), who hails from Chandwaji village on Jaipur-Delhi highway, claimed that his wife Banarsi Devi (32) had committed suicide by setting herself on fire. He had also told police that his wife was depressed as she had a paralytic attack some months ago, police said.\"Initially, we also took it as suicide but we were still a bit suspicious about the claims made by the husband. Meanwhile, post-mortem report suggested that there were some pieces of cloth inserted in her mouth upto the throat. Later, the medical board conducting the post-mortem identified strangulation as the cause of death and the burn injuries occurred later, said Vineet Bansal, additional superintendent of police, Kotputli.The accused not only tried to mislead the police but also told his kids to keep mum. \"We also spoke to the kids about the incident. Though they did not speak anything, their response to us also made us suspicious in the case,\" he added.Asked if police has been able to find the motive behind the murder, a senior officer said: \"He was into boozing almost on daily basis. Secondly, it was becoming difficult for him to give proper medication to his wife who had a paralytic attack. Thus he did this act to get rid of her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13179110", "title": "'Palande aide killed my granny, framed me'", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a decade ago, 16-year-old Rahul Parmar was accused of killing his grandmother with the help of two juvenile delinquents. His father, an advocate, secured his release quickly and ensured that he is now settled into a good job and marriage.However, Rahul's 19-year-old 'accomplice', Manoj Gajkosh, graduated to a life of crime and was held for the killing of Arunkumar Tikku. at Lokhandwala. TOI met Parmar and visited the quiet locality in Sion where Gajkosh allegedly committed his first murder. The building is home to veteran filmmaker and theatre director Sagar Sarhadi.Police are investigating Gajkosh's acquittal in the case. On the afternoon of February 15, 1999, the residents of Mhada's Panchpushp Society were alarmed to discover that their affable neighbour, 77-year-old Vijaya Parmar, had been strangulated with her sari. \"The jowar roti she was baking for her grandson lay on the kitchen floor. Her tongue protruded so far that I was shocked at the sight,\" recalls an eyewitness.The watchman had seen the three flee the building through the back exit. Police investigations nailed the teenagers and secured prompt confessions. \"Rahul was habituated to stealing from his home and storing the loot in another family apartment that was locked. His grandmother knew their secret and often warned him to stay away from Khan and Gajkosh. One day, when the boys pilfered an expensive computer from his coaching class, she threatened to tell Rahul's father. They killed her that day,\" says a former office-bearer of the society. \"The dog did not bark as it was familiar with the accused.\"However, 13 years later, Rahul insists he was not present at the scene and instead accuses his friends of having committed the crime. \"Khan and Gajkosh framed me as the main accused. They had followed her to the apartment and throttled her,\" he says.He admits his peers informed him that they had assaulted his grandmother on the back of her head but he believed it was \"not serious\". \"I blame myself for leading them to her, though. I spent around a month at the Dongri juvenile home before my father secured my release. The case lasted a few years but I was cleared of charges,\" he says. His grandmother warned him against bad company but Rahul saw no reason to sever ties given that the two did \"nothing untoward\".A mid-level executive with a television channel, Rahul is now father to an infant son. The well-built bespectacled youth is distinctly uncomfortable about his child learning of his past. Rahul's wife Purna, a former photojournalist, was aware of \"the incident\". She insists, \"My family and I both feel he is simply not the kind to commit murder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13191398", "title": "3 more die, dengue fear grips Tirunelveli", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Concerned by more suspected dengue deaths in Tirunelveli district, chief minister J Jayalalithaa rushed health minister V S Vijay and a team of health officials there to monitor the situation. District health officials said there have been 13 deaths so far.On Wednesday, three more persons, including two children, died at the Tirunelveli Medical College Hospital. The death of a six-month-old girl, a nine-year-old boy and a 58-year-old womanadded to the panic in the region.With the medical college hospital reporting a stream of patients complaining of fever and body pain, fear spread across the district. The medical staff have been facing a difficult time handling the flow of patients, said sources. Medical college dean M Manoharan said the six-month-old girl died soon after she was admitted in hospital in a critical condition. \"The child was brought very late and we rushed her to the special ward but she died within an hour,\" he said. Another woman, who was said to be suffering from dengue, actually died of cardiac arrest, he said.More than 100 patients with complaints of fever have been admitted in the hospital and among them 92 are children. Manoharan said there are 10 confirmed dengue cases. \"We are giving the best treatment with expert advice based on WHO guidelines. But we are helpless as most of the patients are being brought at the terminal stage,\" Manoharan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181546", "title": "Gujarat Technological University re-works syllabus to reduce failure rate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has decided to adopt the active learning technique and make the syllabus, especially the difficult portions of different papers, easy to understand with the use of easy language, graphics and cartoons so that the students are able to grasp and understand the technical stuff better.The move comes following the shockingly low result posted by the GTU degree and diploma engineering students in the first semester. While 80 per cent students failed in the first semester degree engineering exam, 70 per cent diploma students failed to pass the exam.The GTU decided to conduct workshops to understand the problem areas with the students. Two workshops were held with the teachers. tnnThe decision to de-mystify the syllabus with the use of easy language and animations was taken at the third workshop.\"Special attention will be paid to topics where students are failing consistently to perform. These topics will be demystified so that students are able to learn better and hence score better\", said GTU official.The teachers have been asked to submit complete the process of converting topics underlined to be difficult into easily understood content by July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13177237", "title": "Loss against Mumbai Indians would have put us under pressure: Gautam Gambhir", "text": "MUMBAI: Kolkata Knight Riders captain Gautam Gambhir admitted that a loss against Mumbai Indians on Wednesday would have put his team under pressure ahead of their final league game of the Indian Premier League against Pune Warriors.KKR defeated MI by 32 runs to jump to the second spot in the standings with 19 points and virtually seal their place in the four-team play-offs.\"If we had lost this we would have been under pressure. Today's win will give us confidence,\" he said at the post-match press conference.Gambhir also said that even though 140 was not enough, the middle-order did a good job in posting a decent target on the board.\"I don't think we had enough, but after losing two wickets early then 140 was a good total. If we win the next one we'll be in the top two,\" he added.MI skipper Harbhajan Singh said they need to work on their starts ahead of the final game against Rajasthan Royals on Sunday.\"I don't think there was much fault in the wicket, I think we need to sort out our technique and how to bat in the first six overs,\" he said.\"We haven't been playing great cricket. Boys need to pick up their game.\"Man-of-the-Match Sunil Narine, who returned with impressive figures of four for 15, said he was having a dream tournament.\"I'm having a dream at this moment, hard work is paying off. Hopefully it will continue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13187286", "title": "Transport office, post office slug it out over delay in sending vehicle registration documents", "text": "NASHIK: With vehicle owners complaining of delay in receipt of registration certificate (RC) books and licences, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) and the General Post Office are blaming each other for the mess.Aggrieved citizens say that when RTO inspectors stop them to check their documents, they are unable to produce any and are fined.Jayant Patil, assistant RTO, said, \"Recently, the scheme of dispatching RC books and licenses through speed post has started. There are some problems with the postal department. If a person is not at home when the postman goes to deliver the documents, the postman tries to deliver them only one or two times. If the house is locked, it is the postman's duty to go two-three times and then return the documents to the RTO. We will be having a joint meeting with them this week to sort out the problems. The entire process should take around eight-10 days.\"However, the postal department has its own side of the story. Ghanshyam Wagh, Public Relations Officer, GPO, said: \"The delay is not on the part of the postal department. We are given loose papers by the RTO, which we then have to sort. Sometimes, we get the information in a pen drive, which we have to print and then sort. These are put into envelopes for speed posting, addresses are written and then dispatched. All these take three days. People want it within two days. Sometimes the address provided is wrong. The process of documentation by the computer section of the RTO takes one month to be completed. It is the RTO's duty to complete the work soon. We send our deliveries on time.\"Wagh said that to save the vehicle owners from inconvenience and to ensure that vehicle documents reach the bona fide owners on time, recently the Maharashtra government and the postal department came to an agreement to dispatch the documents through speed post. The licence owner has to pay some postal charges on receipt of the documents through speed post.Sachin Pagare, a vehicle dealer, said there were a number of reasons for the delay in documents reaching the owners. \"The RTO takes a long time in preparing documents and there is a delay from the postal department as well. The RTO should be able to provide documents to the postal department in two days, but they take a month. The postal department takes 15 more days. If the owner comes to know that the postman was there to deliver the documents in his absence, he has to go to the GPO, or else the documents go back to the RTO. The RTO again asks for Rs 50 for sending the documents back to the GPO. Earlier, the owner had to go in person to collect the documents on the third day from the vehicle dealer and pay Rs 350. The RTO's move to send documents through speed post came after the decision of the Supreme Court to keep a check on terrorists who provided fake addresses.\"He added that a circular by the government reads that if a person is not at home, the postman should go back six times, or paste a notice.Meanwhile, vehicle owners in Nashik are still having a tough time. Sachin Ghumre purchased a vehicle in January 2012 and is still waiting for his RC book and disclaimer. \"My dealer has forwarded the documents, but the delay is on the side of the RTO. They said I will get them within 15 days but I have not yet received the documents,\" he said.Another Nashikite, Vasant Shejal, has been waiting for his RC book and smart card for two months. \"The work is being delayed by the RTO. I have followed it up many times,\" Shejal said. Mansingh Rathod has been waiting for transfer papers of his vehicle since 20 days. \"They had told me that I would be getting the documents in a week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13188801", "title": "Mumbai-based ABG Group bags order on Azhikkal port project", "text": "KANNUR: The construction of cement terminal at the Azhikkal port will be given to Mumbai-based ABG Group. The company is involved in ship-building and cement manufacturing.The state government had floated two separate tenders for two terminals, one for cement and the other for multipurpose.ABG Group was the lone bidder for the cement terminal, whereas there was no bidder for the multipurpose one.The committee comprising Kerala Port Department director Jacob Thomas, deputy director Hari A Warrier, and senior port conservator at the Azhikkal port M Sudheer Kumar evaluated the tender on Tuesday at the state capital and decided to give the work to ABG.As part of this the business group will develop the terminal by creating a six-metre draft so that 10,000 tonne ship can be brought to the terminal.Meanwhile, the government is yet to decide whether a fresh tender should be floated or the government itself should develop the multipurpose terminal instead of going for the PPP model, said an official.The tender was floated based on the feasibility report prepared by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India Pvt. Ltd. Though a company named Mundra Port and SEZ had earlier won the bid in 2010, it had later backed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "13191428", "title": "5 dead as lorry with 40 people overturns", "text": "ERODE: Five people, including two children, died on the spot and 32 others were seriously injured when the mini lorry in which they were travelling turned turtle near Thalakarai in the Bargur hills on Wednesday. The lorry was carrying more than 40 passengers, all relatives, who were returning from an engagement ceremony at Anthiyur, near Erode.The victims have been identified as Mathammal Karappan, Nandini Devaraj, 3, M Manikandan, 10, K Gurusamy, 50, and V Chinnapullai, 40. Lorry driver Sakthi escaped unhurt and was arrested. Police said the lorry's brake had failed, leading to the accident. The condition of many of the injured is serious. Eyewitnesses said the lorry, which was also carrying bags of river sand, was negotiating a curve when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "13176073", "title": "CBI raids B S Yeddyurappa, family, mining companies", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa risks being jailed for alleged corruption, with the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) deciding to oppose his plea for anticipatory bail. Yeddyurappa moved for the bail on Wednesday after CBI raids on his residential and commercial premises in connection with illegal mining cases.The raids, which began at 6.30am, also covered residential and commercial establishments of his family members and close associates. The CBI was asked by the Supreme Court to probe charges that the former CM gave concessions to two mining companies in exchange for monetary benefits for his family members.CBI teams also carried out searches at the premises of the two companies in question - JSW Steel and South West Mining Company - signalling the urgency of the agency which has been asked by the SC to wrap up its probe by August 11.CBI sources in Bangalore and New Delhi headquarters said documents substantiating charges of corruption against Yeddyurappa were recovered during the raids, adding that the agency would oppose the former CM's petition for anticipatory bail.The agency had on Tuesday registered an FIR against Yeddyurappa and others for criminal conspiracy and criminal breach of trust under sections of IPC, Prevention of Corruption Act and for violation of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act.Although Yeddyurappa was quoted by news channels as asserting that he would be cleared of all charges, his fear of arrest reflected yet another dramatic twist in the career of the powerful satrap who is widely acknowledged as the force which propelled the north-centric BJP to its first-ever electoral success across the Vindhyas.Tempted by the perks of power, and harassed by political opponents as well as implacable factional foes, the Lingayat overlord, known to be a street fighter, self-destructed in office.The high court threw him a lifeline in March when it quashed the Lokayukta's recommendation for his prosecution for alleged corruption in grant of mining licences - the demining indictment which forced him to quit in July last year.The window was shut, however, on May 11 when the Supreme Court, acting on the findings of its empowered panel on environment, asked the CBI to probe his collusion with JSW and South West Mining Company.The raids come just after Yeddyurappa raised the flag of rebellion against the BJP leadership, asking for a change of guard in Karnataka, and can seriously undercut his leverage with his colleagues.The CBI's FIR against the former Karnataka CM is based on two charges. First, that he gave mining concessions to South West Mining after the Jindal group company contributed Rs 10 crore to Prerna Education Society, an NGO that is controlled by his family. Second, JSW allegedly bought 1.2 acres from Yeddyurappa's son and son-in-law for Rs 20 crore as against the Bangalore Development Authority's recommended rate of Rs 1.4 crore.Yeddyurappa's son and son-in-law had bought the plot for Rs 20 lakh. They were able to sell it at a huge premium as the patriarch, then chief minister, got it denotified.The premises searched across the state by hundreds of CBI officials included Yeddyurappa's family-owned Prerna Trust and Dhavalagiri Properties. The operations are likely to continue.\"The raids are inconclusive,\" an agency official said in Bangalore. The official also said they had only seized documents and would verify the bank accounts of the firms and family members including his sons Raghavendra and Vijayendra and two sons-in-law Sohan Kumar and Uday Kumar.A CBI source indicated that the scope of the investigation may be expanded if they get information about other illegal dealings.The personal bank accounts of Yeddyurappa did not show many transactions for the past seven months. \"Only the salary and other benefits he obtained officially as an MLA were found in the accounts. There was a sales proceed of Rs 23 lakh in one account and that's being verified,\" an officer told TOI.A large number of documents pertaining to Yeddyurappa's earlier financial dealings were also searched, as were his and his family's bank accounts. The documents relating to these accounts were also seized. \"We didn't ask for support from any other agency. As we hade prepared well in advance for this exercise, we knew where to zero in,\" said an officer.The CBI also conducted raids in the former CM's native place Shimoga to trace the funding for the construction of a hotel there. \"There were raids in his native village Shikaripura (near Shimoga) and an estate in Shimoga. We have targeted a mining company in Hospet and some of Yeddyurappa's close aides in Bellary and Sandur,\" a source said.On their list were his erstwhile cabinet colleague Ess Enn Krissnaiah Setty and BJP MLA Hemachandra Sagar. \"The offices of Prerna Trust at Sheshadripuram were the main target,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13189165", "title": "Slew of infrastructure plans to make Bekal a tourism hotspot", "text": "KANNUR: Bekal in Kasaragod will no longer be known just for its sprawling sea-facing fort. Going by the tourism department's grand plans, it will soon be developed into the second biggest backwater tourism hotspot after Alappuzha.The Bekal Resorts Development Corporation (BRDC) formed in 1995 to promote the destination has already completed the first phase of infrastructure development.The authorities have realized that much needs to be done to woo foreign tourists. Though over 7.32 lakh foreign tourists visited the state in 2011, the share of Kasaragod was just around 2,000.Now it is planning to market the place as the 'destination next' for international tourists.Meanwhile a slew of infrastructure projects are on the anvil.The tourism department is planning to beef up the connectivity to the region by building an airstrip at Periya near Bekal and sprucing up the Kottikulam railway station. It is also exploring the possibility of starting seaplane service with a capacity of 6-12 people.As of now two resorts, Vivanta by Taj and The Lalit by the Lalit Suri Hospitality Group, have come up in the 230 acres of land acquired by the BRDC. Four more resorts would come up in a couple of years.Since foreign tourist inflow is a major source of revenue, the department is planning to promote the region abroad including Europe and West Asia.Information kiosks would be opened in all major airports in the country. \"Without knowing the destination people won't come so we have to place and promote Bekal as a destination that caters to the taste of all types of tourists,\" said an official.\"Apart from developing the infrastructure in Bekal, we will highlight and promote Bekal as an upcoming destination in the national and international road shows,\" Rani George, director of the department of tourism.\"BRDC will also take part in these campaigns to promote the resorts there.\"The department is also planning to develop the northern circuit to attract more tourists to the Malabar region and in this too Bekal would be given importance.\"To popularize a destination, the inflow of middle-class tourists is a must and for this there should be more budget hotels,\" opined Ravisankar K V, the managing director of Tourism India Publications, which focuses on tourism industry in Kerala.The BRDC is planning to attract more investors both in developing more resorts and budget hotels.Though it is a lesser-known destination, the BRDC is developing it in such a manner that in the next few years, it would have all the facilities of any major tourist destinations in the country, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13203391", "title": "Cannes 2012 starts with a splash", "text": "She's had her fair share of famous boyfriends, first dating George Clooney and most recently linked to Jackass' Steve-O. But Elisabetta Canalis showed that she quite likes a bad boy as she took part in a hilarious stunt with Sacha Baron Cohen's Dictator for the Cannes Film Festival.The 33-year-old Italian model showed off her bikini body in a hot pink twopiece as she flirted with Cohen, who was in full character as General Aladeen. The pair laughed together, enjoying several glasses of champagne on the top deck of a luxurious yacht , with Cohen even treating Canalis to a seductive massage at one point.But the courtship wasn't like any other romance, as after a short period, Cohen was seen getting tired of his new toy - dragging Canalis along the deck by her feet. The stunt is the latest in a series of pranks that Cohen has been completing in a bid to promote his latest comedy movie.Earlier in the day, Cohen was seen brandishing a machine gun as he stood on the helm of a stunning boat as it pulled into the dock outside the lavish Eden Roc hotel. The 40-year-old comedian was seen wearing a diplomatic white shirt with matching swimming trunks, as well as his bushy beard and sunglasses as he smiled for photographers.As he has been promoting his new movie The Dictator, Cohen has rarely been out of character for the various interviews, press conferences and premieres he has been attending. And Cannes is no different. Cohen was later seen arriving at the city's historic Carlton Hotel, which had been decked out in full Republic of Wadiya regalia, on the back of a camel.The actor wore a polostyle outfit and carried a riding crop as he made his way inside the hotel, flanked by two women carrying machine guns and dressed in sexy khaki outfits. As well as the press conference for The Dictator, the opening day of the 12-day Cannes Film Festival will see the premiere of Wes Anderson's child fantasy Moonrise Kingdom , which stars Bruce Willis and Bill Murray.Apart from Cohen, Eva Longoria , Diane Kruger , Freida Pinto , Jessica Chastain and Jean Paul Gaultier had also arrived before Cannes festivities kicked off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13177061", "title": "Mamata has her way with financial package; Punjab, Kerala also to gain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid pressure from Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee for financial assistance to West Bengal, finance minister Pranab Mukerjee said a package was being worked out to help the state along with similarly debt-stressed Punjab and Kerala.Replying to the budget debate in Rajya Sabha, Mukherjee said a group of officers had been constituted to look at possible ways to help states that have high debt levels. \"We will work out an acceptable solution,\" the finance minister said in what was by far the clearest indication of Centre's keenness to help West Bengal out with its financial woes.On her visit to the Capital earlier this month, Banerjee had made it plain that Trinamool's support for Congress's nominee in the coming presidential elections would depend on whether the Centre heeds her insistence for an early financial package, including moratorium on interest payment on central loans, to West Bengal.In a public display of toughness, the feisty CM had even criticized the finance minister, despite being from the state, for not doing enough to bail out bankrupt West Bengal, and had complained of inordinate delay.Mukherjee, one of the frontrunners for Congress nomination for Rashtrapati Bhavan, appeared to assuage her twin grouses. \"I come from West Bengal and I have an obligation towards the state. But I have an equal responsibility towards 28 states and cannot do anything that goes against the federal system,\" Mukherjee told the Rajya Sabha, a formulation that seemed to be aimed at Writer's Building in Kolkata.He said that the just-concluded elections in Punjab had slowed down work on the package.His statement came amid increasingly indications that officials in the finance ministry could be giving final touches to the package for West Bengal.The Centre is likely to cite the 13th Finance Commission's acknowledgement of the strained finances in West Bengal, Kerala and Punjab to justify the succour. However, sources in the government acknowledge that the sympathetic stance at a time when Centre's own finances are in disarray, is being influenced by the consideration to placate Banerjee who has unsentimentally used her numbers at the Centre to have her way on policy matters.While the unprecedented speed of the finance ministry mandarins tasked with readying the package may please Congress managers who want to seal Banerjee's support soon, many in the government are filled with trepidation about the cascading effect. Besides having to deal with the additional burden that the package for three states will entail, Centre is also bracing for copycat demands from UP and Bihar.In fact, UP has been quick on the cue, and has already presented a long charter of demands. The Samajwadi Party , with numbers just as crucial for Congress as the tally Banerjee boasts of, needs infusion of central funds to implement the populist package which steamrolled the party to power in UP. JD(U), another player being aggressively wooed by Congress, is also eyeing central support.On May 6, TOI had reported that the government's efforts to work out a debt relief for West Bengal will pave the way for a relief for other states.In the past, the government has referred debt relief for states to the finance commission but this time it has decided to take it upon itself although the constitutional body is due to be set up over the next two-three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13202116", "title": "Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda hospitalised", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda was on Wednesday night admitted to PGIMER in Chandigarh after his blood sugar level fluctuated.65-year-old Hooda was taken to PGI from his residence nearby Chandigarh at around 10 pm, hospital sources told PTI. A doctor in the PGIMER main emergency wing said that Hooda's blood sugar had gone up.The doctor said the chief minister's other parameters were alright and there was no cause for major worry. She said that a City Scan was done on Hooda as a precautionary measure.Asked when Hooda would be discharged, she said at the moment he was kept under observation and the decision in this regard would be taken soon.Haryana's Director Public Relations Department, Shiv Raman Gaur said the chief minister had fluctuating sugar level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189011", "title": "Watch out for the silent killer", "text": "BANGALORE: Blame it on lifestyle, increasing stress levels or unhealthy dietary habits. Hypertension among Indians is on rise and so are non-communicable diseases like heart attack, chronic kidney diseases and brain stroke / attack. Cardiologists, nephrologists, neurosurgeons and psychiatrists describe hypertension a 'silent killer'. Experts also caution against high intake of salt in food, drinking alcohol and smoking.Says Dr CN Manjunath, senior cardiologist and director, Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research: \"Hypertension can lead to enlargement of the heart and can result in sudden cardiac arrest. If we examine 100 patients of hypertension, 55 have a chance of suffering heart failure and 35 could suffer a heart attack. Many people hesitate to initiate medication to treat hypertension, thinking it to be a lifelong treatment. But it's very important to control hypertension to prevent failure of the most important body organs.\"Stress is a major contributor for increased hypertension. \"Stress and depression , apart from a sedentary lifestyle, can raise the blood pressure. The brain and mind together play a role in generation of hypertension. If it's not controlled, it can lead to a brain stroke. We get about 40 patients every week who complain of hypertension and related problems. One way to deal with it is through yoga, exercise and meditation,\" said Dr BN Gangadhar, professor of psychiatry, Nimhans.Good control on blood pressure/ hypertension is recommended to protect the four main organs viz. heart, kidney, brain and eyes. Said Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, senior nephrologist and medical director, Manipal Hospital: \"Primary or genetic hypertension is commonly seen in India. Lifestyle and dietary habits play a major role in controlling hypertension. Anyone who is overweight or eats too much salt is likely to contract hypertension.\"Avoid brain attackChronic or long-term hypertension affects organs like brain, heart, kidney and eyes. The brain is affected in multiple ways. \"Control of hypertension can bring down incidence of stroke or brain attack. Chronic hypertension can damage the brain permanently. It can also lead to development of vascular dementia. The only way to avoid a brain attack or vascular dementia is by controlling hypertension,\" said Dr P Satishchandra, senior neurosurgeon and vice-chancellor, Nimhans.Common symptomsBleeding from the noseFrequent headachesVision problemsFlushed faceFrequent urination, especially during nightPalpitationsLack of sleep60-plus population at riskIt's been observed that two-thirds of Indians above the age of 60 are at greater risk of contracting hypertension. But nowadays, young persons are prone to this disease due to changing lifestyle and peer pressure. Hypertension is seen among children for various reasons, mainly due to peer pressure.Dr Yogesh Kumar Kothari | senior interventional cardiologist and electrophysiologist, Apollo Hospitals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13187162", "title": "Doctor murder: Accused in judicial custody", "text": "KOCHI: Two persons from Jharkhand, who were arrested by city police for murdering a homeopathy doctor from Thoppumpady, were presented before the judicial first class magistrate court here and remanded in judicial custody.The arrested were identified as Bahadhur Mahatho and Santhosh Mahatho of Jharkhand. The two were arrested after police had launched a detailed probe into a man-missing case registered with the Palluruthy police.Two and-a-half years ago, the doctor, K J Antony, went missing while he was on his way to attend a medical seminar in Jharkhand. According to police, the doctor was killed by the accused after they suspected that he had been having an illicit relationship with Santhosh's wife, who had earlier worked at the doctor's clinic in Thoppumpady. However, it was Antony who had taken the initiative to marry off the woman to Santhosh who was in love with her.According to police, the doctor was received at the Ranchi railway station by the two accused. They then took him in a taxi to a remote place and murdered him.Though they had destroyed all other evidence, they hadn't disposed of his mobile phone, and were using it. City police tracked the mobile call details using the IMEI number of the phone.The accused were arrested with the help of Jharkhand police. Police are yet to ascertain the role of Santhosh's wife, Sunita, in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178667", "title": "Lokpal Bill unlikely in Rajya Sabha this session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prospects of the ill-starred Lokpal bill being moved in Rajya Sabha this session seem dim as significant differences remain unresolved on aspects of the legislation like control over the Central Bureau of Investigation and the appointing authority for the anti-corruption ombudsman.Despite the government's efforts to push the legislation with deletion of the clause prescribing the formulation of state-level lokayuktas and changes in the removal procedures for Lokpal, the bill is unlikely to make much progress.The bill was stalled in Rajya Sabha during last year's Winter session after an unprecedented coalition of Opposition, outside supporters of UPA and key Congress partners like Trinamool Congress came together to stoutly oppose the Lokayukta clause as an attack on the federal powers of the state.Faced with the prospects of Opposition-sponsored amendments being passed in a House, where it lacks majority, the government ducked the vote with chairperson Hamid Ansari abruptly ending proceedings at midnight.Thereafter the government has reengaged in negotiations, but seems to have made limited headway. \"There are several loose ends. The differences have narrowed but have not been overcome. The bill might be doubtful this session,\" said an official source.The Opposition has not let up its pressure on the government to bring the bill, albeit in the form that it prefers it, to Rajya Sabha. Many of their amendments closely reflect those proposed by the Anna Hazare campaign, the anti-corruption movement that is anathema to the government.CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta (CPI) said, \"It is extremely unfortunate that the government is dragging its feet on the lokpal bill, which only shows its lack of commitment to set up an effective mechanism to curb galloping corruption across the administration.\"\"A government that has proved to be corrupt is naturally going back on its commitment,\" he added.BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said, \"Ministers have already met leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha on the bill. We have told them our suggestions. BJP demands that the bill be passed at the earliest and incorporate the BJP's suggestions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179540", "title": "Shortage of HIV testing kits affects screening in state", "text": "PUNE: HIV screening at government-run centres in the state has come to a halt since a month following shortage of testing kits. However, officials say that they have received the kits but distributing them to all centres would take a few more days.\"Inadequate supply of testing kits from the National AIDS Control Organisation ( NACO) hampered testing at 578 Integrated Counseling and Testing Centers across the state. However, we have received the kits now and have started supplying them. The screening will resume soon,\" said Asha Hegde, joint director (basic services) Maharashtra State AIDS Control Society (MSACS).Every month, the state requires 2.32 lakh screening kits for its 578 centres, of which 42 are located in Pune district. About 16,000 people undergo voluntary testing in the district, of which less than 3% are detected positive.\"Except pregnant women and tuberculosis patients, the screening on others has stopped since April 15. We came to know that the kits arrived on Wednesday but it will still take some time for the service to resume,\" said Sandeep Dhavale, programme officer, district AIDS prevention control unit.Officials at the Integrated Counseling and Testing Centers (ICTC) at Sassoon hospital and Yashwantrao Chavan hospital in Pimpri also confirmed the shortage.\"There are three tests that need to be performed on blood samples to check for antibodies against the HIV antigen. The first test is most important as it picks up positivity of the virus and is extremely sensitive. Kits for this test are in short supply while those for the second and third tests are available,\" said an ICTC official.Most people reporting for voluntary HIV testing have been instructed to come after May 15 but we have not received testing kits till date, said another ICTC official. Barring high-risk patients like those suffering from tuberculosis or pregnant women, the general population reporting to ICTCs for HIV testing have not been receiving the services since April 15, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13190085", "title": "5 charred, 1 injured in Arunachal fire", "text": "ITANAGAR: At least five persons were charred while another sustained serious burn injuries when a devastating fire gutted a house at Ngopok village under Mebo circle in East Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh.The inferno completely reduced the house to ashes late last night, official sources informed here today. However, the cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained.Atting Yirang, the owner of the house, was admitted to the general hospital at Pasighat with multiple burn injuries, sources said, adding that the deceased were identified as Okiling Megu (12), Olik Yirang (16), Karneil Gamango (35), Biju Das (18) and Darbin Gurung (28).Local MLA Ralom Boran visited the accident site and expressed profound grief at the unfortunate incident and cautioned the villagers to be alert to avert such incidents in future, sources added.Officials from the district administration along with police immediately rushed to the spot and provided immediate relief to the aggrieved family. Postmortem of the charred bodies was conducted today and samples were collected for further tests, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190296", "title": "Vadodara doctor bags Royal College of Physicians fellowship", "text": "VADODARA: City-based dermatologist Dr Shyam Verma has achieved a rare distinction of receiving Fellow of Royal College of Physicians (FRCP) from the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) of London, UK.Verma is the only doctor from Gujarat to have got fellowship from RCP of London. This honour has been given to very few doctors in India for contribution in their field.\"This honour is given by the jury of RCP, London to doctors who have made significant impact on the service in the field of their appointment, by establishing new service or improving the present one and by introducing new range of approaches or techniques,\" Verma told TOI.\"RCP, London gives such honour to doctors every year and this year I am the only doctor from India to have got it. At present, there are less than 10 doctors in India who have been honoured by FRCP and most of these recipients have been professors and heads of departments of premier institution,\" Verma said.\"I am the only full-time practitioner to have got this honour,\" he added.Verma is Director of International Society of Dermatology and he is chief editor of Indian Dermatology Online Journal. He has over 60 scientific papers to his credit in major international journals and has delivered over 100 international guest lectures at top universities in different countries.He is a regular guest speaker at various international conferences. Verma is also clinical associate professor in three American universities, namely, University of Pennsylvania , State University of New York and University of Virginia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13179745", "title": "SP govt all set to add green touch to Maya's pet project", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former UP chief minister Mayawati's pet project, Kanshiran Eco Park may finally get a new green touch from the state government. And, if sources are to be believed, then the forest department is examining the possibilities of developing the park into a green belt.Searching for locations where plantations could be carried out, the department tumbled upon the 110-acre project, which otherwise has hardly any green cover, even though it is called an Eco Park.Sources in Lucknow Development Authority said that there have been talks with the forest department for a proposed drive to plant some 4,000 saplings in the park. \"The proposal is under discussion,\" said a top official in LDA. Forest officials also confirmed that the Eco Park in Kanpur Road is certainly one of the few sites where plantation could be carried out when monsoon sets in. \"We have sought the status report of the site from the LDA to ascertain if plantation could be carried out,\" said district forest officer, Lucknow, SC Yadav, speaking to TOI.Vyom Khand in Gomtinagar is another site, where the plantation could also be carried out, Yadav said. The area has already been a declared green belt.Developed during the regime of former chief minister Mayawati, the Kanshiram Eco Park, was constructed after bulldozing the district jail. The park, however, is an irony of sorts. The term 'Eco' may be derived from ecology (environment), yet the park has only traces of green patches. There are two huge mounds within the premises of the Eco Park, they only have grass. The rest is all concrete red sandstones and marbles. Meant to showcase bio-diversity, the 'park', in fact, has 'statues' of trees and animals constructed out of brass and red sandstones.\"It is a mockery of the very term ecology,\" quipped a senior LDA official, privy to the meetings between the LDA and the forest department. The Mayawati government though planted some cycas trees on the periphery of the park, but they continue to crave for enough maintenance. The official said that the state government has decided in principle to plant such trees which could trap dust.Interestingly, the park is constructed mostly out of marbles and sand stones which would block seepage of water into the ground, thwarting the plan of the state government to plant saplings. Officials associated with the project, however, said that the two mounds may be used for planting saplings. \"There is some space on the two mounds which have an area of over 5 acres,\" the official said.Experts however said that it will depend on the types of saplings that will decide the density of the plantation. The state government, understandably, is unwilling to damage the parks, even though chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has been repeatedly claiming to use the open space in the parks for a better purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13184666", "title": "Two youths found murdered in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Two youths were found murdered in Transport Nagar and Khajrana areas of the city on Wednesday. Police received an information that the boy of an unidentified youth was lying in a pool of blood on the premises of Shiv temple behind Velocity talkies, coming under the jurisdiction of Khajrana police.Cops along with forensic team rushed to the spot, where they found a body with nearly half-a-dozen stab wounds. The deceased was later identified as Alask Patel (20), a resident of Mumtaz Nagar. The cops were investigating to find out the accused and the motive behind the murder till the filing of the report.In another incident, a youth aged around 35 years was found dead with a rope tied around his neck in Transport Nagar Lane No. 2. It is suspected that the youth found in semi-nude position might have been strangulated. According to Bhanwarkuan police, the youth was probably murdered at some other place a couple of days ago as the body's skin had got peeled due to sunburn. An FIR was lodged against unidentified persons in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13186075", "title": "Police attack on lawyer: Home guard seeks bail", "text": "KOCHI: Three months after a lawyer was assaulted by a police team at Njarakkal, the home guard - who hit the lawyer with his baton - has moved the Kerala high court seeking bail, highlighting state government's own statement in favour of his action.The lawyer, Vibin PV, was returning home after watching a movie late on February 14 when he was intercepted by a police team, led by SI Vince Joseph, on night patrol.The lawyer lost five of his teeth and sustained head injuries. He was hospitalized at Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences. In the bail application, home guard Varghese O F has pointed out that the affidavit by the state government itself states that he only stretched and waved the baton to stop the lawyer's vehicle.The affidavit states that the home guard - who was standing 80 metre away from the spot - tried to stop the motor vehicle by stretching and waving the baton and the lawyer lost five of his teeth, when the advocate didn't stop his vehicle.Along with the bail application moved through advocate BH Mansoor, the home guard has also produced a certificate issued by 161 Medical Regiment of the Army for civil re-employment that was issued when he left after 16 years of service. According to the certificate, Varghese was intelligent, reliable, and a willing worker who remained cheerful under stress.Earlier, the state government had submitted that inspector general of police (Ernakulam Range) has ordered for constituting a special team headed by deputy superintendent of Perumbavoor to probe the case.The government had also submitted that a case has been registered for attempted murder against the police personnel involved, which includes sub inspector Vince Joseph, constable Eldho and home guard Varghese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13192026", "title": "After rejecting plan, municipal corporation panel mulls trip to study house tax", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the debate over whether city residents should be burdened with house tax goes on, municipal corporation's (MC) house tax committee has planned a trip to the tourist destination of Goa, besides Bangalore and Mumbai to study the tax model in place there.The municipal corporation house has rejected the proposal to impose house tax but the UT administration has been keeping the issue alive by sending repeated reminders to the civic body.In a detailed letter, chairman of the house tax committee of the MC Sat Parkash Aggarwal has requested the civic body to allow a study tour to the above mentioned cities, so that various practices to impose the tax could be minutely assessed to avoid taking a slapdash decision.It has been stated in the letter that the above-mentioned cities are collecting house tax from residential properties and the system has been running smoothly, while adding that the UT administration should be asked to give them time to study the issue in a broader perspective before imposing tax in the city.Confirming the development, Aggarwal said, \"As the issue is quite serious, therefore we want that things should be done after a detailed study and discussion. I have requested the authority to allow the house tax committee to study the best practices of house tax in prominent cities, so that implementation could be done in a better manner.\"According to the initial plan, only big houses having an area of over eight marlas would be covered under the house tax.Sources in the UT and MC have also confirmed that if MC avoids imposing house tax, the administration using its special powers can intervene and impose it.The development has come following repeated reminders from the administration to the civic body to impose house tax, while pointing out that if this is not done the Central government will stop their grants for developmental projects. The Union government has already warned the UT in this regard.Times ViewMunicipal Corporation has embarked upon yet another study tour, though it has a history of councillors not even caring to submit their reports. And this has happened in as many as four instances. Earlier, MC had approved foreign jaunts to Singapore and Bangkok but the ideas gathered there were never replicated in Chandigarh. It's high time MC learnt a lesson from the previous occasions and put an end to such futile exercises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180869", "title": "Punjab owners promise inquiry into 'sting' row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Punjab, whose two players - Shalabh Srivastava and Amit Yadav - were suspended by BCCI on Tuesday after their names cropped up in a TV channel sting, said that the team management is prepared to take strict action against the players if they are found guilty.\"The franchise believes in fair play and commitment towards the game. We also have faith in the decisions of BCCI and IPL's governing council and are willing to abide by their decisions,\" Punjab team's co-owner Mohit Burman told TOI on Wednesday.Although IPL has its own investigative team to look into the matter, Punjab also promised a separate inquiry. \"We'll be looking into the matter separately. We are planning to start by speaking to both the players involved. If there is truth in the matter, severe and appropriate action will be taken against them,\" he added.Apart from Shalabh and Amit, another Punjab player's name has been dragged into the controversy - Baroda left-arm spinner Bhargav Bhatt.There were murmurs that Bhatt might have been left out of Tuesday night's match due to his alleged involvement. Punjab's stand-in skipper David Hussey backed his players to the hilt.\"I am not sure about Bhargav's involvement in this mess. Everyone in my team is playing with the utmost integrity. If anyone says anything different in this regard I will be really disappointed,\" the Australian all-rounder said.The shadow of the 'sting' operation is also bothering table-toppers Team Delhi. \"Nobody is guilty until proven. We will have to wait for the decision after the enquiry and only then can we come to some conclusion. Right now our focus is on finishing in top-2. Nothing will divert us away from the task,\" Delhi's Mahela Jayawardene said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13187723", "title": "Courses get makeover to fit industry needs", "text": "CHENNAI: What's in a name? Apparently a lot, going by the response that colleges have elicited by providing some value addition to conventional courses and giving the names a tweak.\"After we changed our BSc Information Systems Management to BCom Information Systems Management this year, we received twice as many applications as last year. Students are always looking for new options ,\" said MOP Vaishnav College for Women principal K Nirmala Prasad.Other conventional courses like BSc Mathematics and BSc Physics have also got a makeover and have been repackaged as BSc Mathematics with Computer Applications and BSc Physics with Computer Applications. University of Madras expects the change in nomenclature to give a fillip to courses like BSc Nutrition Food Service Management and Dietetics, which will be changed to BSc Home Science Emerging Technology - Nutrition Food Service Management and Dietetics.The change in nomenclature is not all superficial, say students, who feel that colleges are also adding brand value to the courses.\"Even after spending three years studying nuances of design , methods and materials like architecture students do, people often ask us if we've done a diploma course. A home science degree with specialization in interior design sounds more like a degree and is likely to be more accepted,\" said Sowmya Nandakumar, who has completed a BSc Interior Design course in a city college.Industry experts said that graduates with a specialization will have more edge than conventional degree holders. B Ananthakrishnan, HR manager at a financial services company , said, \"A BSc Mathematics graduate would be no good to us in our industry, but if the candidate has done a specialization in finance or insurance he could be recruited for a position that does not require a candidate with an MBA degree.\"Academics say repackaging a course to make it more multidisciplinary widens the scope of the syllabus and this works to the advantage of students. \"A few years ago our BSc Nutrition and Dietetics students received low salaries when they started out, but after we changed the course to BSc Food Science and Management, and incorporated elements of food processing, students have done well.\"Academics say the changes are made based on industry requirements. \"A prospective employer doesn't look at the course content, only at the candidate's degree. When the course is restructured , that should reflect in the title of the course,\" said University of Madras vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam.He said change in course names have helped colleges to fill 80%-90 % of seats in courses that earlier received few applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13183934", "title": "Bengal youth held for duping job seekers", "text": "HOWRAH: A 19-year-old youth was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly running a fake job racket in Howrah.Tanmoy Chatterjee, a resident of Joy Narayan Santra Lane under Howrah police station, would sometimes pose as a police officer and on other occasions as a traffic guard to dupe his victims. Claiming to have contacts at high levels, he promised to offer jobs in the police force to youngsters and also got them clear the physical tests before demanding money. The police have come across 27 people, some of them from other districts, who claimed to have paid various amount of money to Chatterjee.A raid at his residence led to the seizure of police uniforms, rubber stamps, forged forms and letterheads. Chatterjee has also been accused of misusing the national symbol. tnn\"He would charge Rs 1,000 for the form and then ask the candidate to go to Dumurjola Stadium for the physical examination. There, he would get the heights and weights of the candidates checked and 'clear' them for appointment. Chatterjee would then demand money from the candidates. The rate would be anything upward of Rs 20,000. Till now, we have received information of 27 youths being cheated. There may be many more. He would also target people who are not from Howrah. Some of them may have left the district after losing their money without informing the police,\" an officer said.The matter is being investigated by Amit Kumar Rathod, assistant commissioner (south) of the Howrah City Police. Some more arrests may take place soon. \"A thorough investigation is under way. We are also checking to find out if he had any associates. We are also getting in touch with the victims to find out Chatterjee's exact modus operandi,\" Rathod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13200333", "title": "Threaten strike on base fare", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto union leader Sharad Rao has threatened that the 15-lakh auto drivers across the state will go on strike if the one-member Hakim committee fixes the minimum fare for 1-km distance. Rao's threat comes barely a month after the government move to make Maharashtra Essential Services Maintenance Act stringent and proposing imprisonment of one year to whosoever instigates workers to go on strike and maximum punishment of six months jail with fine for those agitating and disrupting public services.But Rao dismissed these worries and said drivers across the state were \"cheated\" . Rao said he would wait for the Hakim committee's final report, which is likely to be submitted next month. \"If the report mentions the basic fare as 1 km, auto drivers will stay off the roads.\"The 1-km fare has been a long-standing demand of activists. \"They should realize that the 1-km basic fare is in the interest of passengers, who are their daily bread and butter. Why should they be anti-commuters ,\" asked MGP's Shirish Deshpande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13189241", "title": "Man seeks justice for brother's murder", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Wednesday concluded the hearing of the criminal review petition filed by Pallab Das seeking justice for the murder of his brother Parag Das, a journalist and human rights activist, who was killed 16 years back.On May 17, 1996, Parag was shot dead at Rajgarh in broad daylight. Four surrendered Ulfa (Sulfa) members-Mridul Phukan alias Samar Kakati, Diganta Baruah, Tapan Dutta alias Biswajit Saikia and Nayan Das alias Guli were accused for the murder.In 2001, the CBI took up the case and filed a charge sheet before the Kamrup district and sessions court against Mridul Phukan, the only surviving accused in the case. \"CBI has admitted before the high court that it faced difficulty in solving the case as the state police had failed to provide them necessary evidences against the accused. The high court has heard all and reserved the judgment. I believe the court will give justice to my brother,\" said Pallab Das, brother of Parag and the petitioner.In 2009, the district and sessions judge, Kamrup, acquitted the prime accused, Mridul Phukan citing lack of solid evidence. \"My question is why the enquiry was stopped when the culprit is still out in the open. I don't know who killed my brother, but if CBI was right about accusing Phukan then they should have challenged the decision of the sessions court and if they were wrong, the investigation should have been continued to find real culprit,\" added Pallab.It was believed that CBI would challenge the session judge's order within the next 90 days, but the prosecution agency abstained from filing any petition in the high court to prosecute the accused, whose involvement in the killing was detected by them during the year-long investigation.\" It has been 16 years since my brother was murdered. How long are we expected to struggle for justice?\" questioned Pallab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13187818", "title": "3 rob house in broad daylight", "text": "JAIPUR: Three people robbed a house located at Madranpura locality on Ajmer road on Wednesday afternoon. They knocked at the door and asked the lady, who opened the door, if the house was available for rent. Though the lady, 60-year-old Sheela Joshi, said that the house wasn't available for rent, they entered the house on the pretext of having water.The moment the woman allowed these three men inside, they shown her a knife and asked her to give them all the cash and valuables with her.\"Since the woman was facing life threat, she did not resist and brought out Rs 8,000 and 5 to 7 tolla gold which was there in the house,\" said a senior police officer.Before leaving the house, the robbers tied the woman to a chair and also gagged her.Soon after they left, the woman managed to free herself and called up her husband who owns a mineral water factory in the outskirts of the city. Later, a team of senior police officers reached the spot to take a stock of the situation.Police said that based on the description given by Joshi, efforts ware on to nab the assailants. \"They were talking to the woman in Rajasthani and it appears they could be part of some local gang,\" said Manoj Gupta, circle inspector, Sadar.According to the police, the robbers stayed in the house for almost half-an-hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13188851", "title": "Shorter movies with fewer songs is the new trend", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil film directors have decided to do away with the song and dance routine and literally cut to the chase. Some filmmakers say it has to do with the spate of small-budget movie releases in 2012. But the long and short of it is that the average length of Tamil movies seems to be lesser than it was a few years ago.In 2005, most movies averaged between 160 and 180 minutes,with less than a handful of them sticking to 130 minutes. In the last two years, while the big budget, three-hour-long movies continued to release - case in point being director Shankar's larger-than-life movies such as 'Endhiran' (2010) and 'Nanban' (2011) that averaged at over 180 minutes each -- others were hovering around the 150-minute mark. But in the first half of 2012, films seem to be averaging at 130 minutes. Of the last four Tamil movies that hit the theatres, three were about 115 minutesto 125 minutes long.Balaji Mohan, who directed the hit film 'Kadhalil Sodhapuvadu Yeppadi', a 125-minute film,which released a coupleof months ago, says he intentionally kept the movie short. He ensured that even the songs were between one and three minutes long, a sopposed to the usual five-minute sequences in most movies. \"I had a short story to tell and I knew it was not necessary to keep the movie going longer,\" he says. \"Directors have also started putting in songsonly where required and have realised that they can use it as a background score,\" says Mohan, adding that just cutting down the song-and-dance routine can save you 30 to 40 minutes. The movie 'Vazhakku Enn 18/9', which released just a couple of weeks ago, has only two songs,oneof whichis just a couple of minutes long.Mohan also feels that the audience and movie reviewers have made a difference. \"Of late, I have noticed reviews say the movie was just the right length or was too long. People are conscious of thetimespent at the theatre,\" hesays.Director-producer N Linguswamy, who produced 'Vazhakku En 18/9', which has got rave reviews, says it is the script that determines the length of a movie. \"The film was a touching love story and so115 minutes was enough.On the other hand, my 'Vettai ' (2012), which was all masala, was 155 minutes long because it needed that much time,\" says Linguswamy.He knows what it means to make the cut. In 2005 he had to cut out 17 minutes of his film 'Ji' two days after it released because people complained it was too long.Economics also seems to play a role in determining the film's length. If the film's reel exceeds 13,500ft (which in running time is around two-and-ahalf hours ), the excise duty is more. According to film distributor Abirami Ramanathan,it is the reason only big budget movies can afford to be three hours long. \"If thefilm is shorter, you can have more shows in a day and that can mean more money. But if the film is less than two hours, it will be difficult to sell in the Bgrade centres as viewers there want their money's worth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13180625", "title": "Security beefed up following threat to Pak side of Integrated Check Post", "text": "AMRITSAR: Security was beefed up on the Indian side of Integrated Check Post (ICP) following reports of threat to Pakistan portion of ICP by Taliban on Wednesday evening.The reports came after the visit of Union home secretary R K Singh, who was here to inspect the cargo and passengers facilitation at ICP at Attari. Clarifying that threat perception was on Pakistan side of ICP, Senior Superintendent of Police, Amritsar (Rural), Pritpal Singh Virk said, \"As a security measure, we are in a state of preparedness to meet any eventuality.\"BSF Inspector General (Frontier) Aditya Mishra said they did not have any authentic reports of threat to ICP. \"Due to the home secretary's visit, the security is already tight and we are prepared,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "13180535", "title": "Rights case: Haryana officials admit wrongdoing before Lokayukta", "text": "PANIPAT: IAS officer Rajiv Ranjan and HCS officer Shakti Singh on Wednesday admitted before the Lokayukta at Chandigarh that they had furnished wrong information related to a case that was registered against trade unionist P P Kapoor in connection with a protest organised by his trade union in Panipat in 2005.Two inquiries -- first by ADC Panipat and then by Rohtak divisional commissioner -- had confirmed that Rajiv Ranjan, who was posted as deputy commissioner Panipat at that time and Capt Shakti Singh, who held the charge of SDM Panipat, had submitted false reports to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) that no case was pending against P P Kapoor pertaining to vandalising of a local factory during a protest organised by his trade union in 2005.Kapoor, who had to undergo imprisonment after his trade union held a protest outside a local factory, had approached the NHRC pleading that he was being victimised for raising the voice in favour of the labourers.However, when the NHRC sought details about the case registered against Kapoor, the district administration stated that no case was ever registered against Kapoor, thus making the commission close Kapoor's case.Kapoor exposed the district officials' wrongdoing through Right to Information Act on January 7, 2011 and lodged a complaint with Lokayukta that the two top district officials had furnished wrong information to the apex rights body.On Wednesday, appearing before the Lokayukta, Capt Shakti Singh filed a written reply stating that he was under tremendous work pressure and had verbally asked from the concerned SHO and Panipat labour officer if any case was registered against Kapoor.Rajiv Ranjan, who also filed his reply before the Lokayukta, said he had believed the report submitted by Shakti Singh to be true and forwarded the same to NHRC.Meanwhile, following the replies filed by the two officials, the state Lokayukta adjourned the hearings in the case till July 9, when the case would be again taken up by the Lokayukta.Speaking to TOI, Kapoor demanded strict action against the two officials for furnishing wrong information to the NHRC due to which he had to undergo imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13190112", "title": "Weekly markets still popular in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Though a number of retail shops are coming up in Hubli, people still prefer weekly markets for fruits and vegetables.The weekly markets are held once a week at a particular place where people buy vegetables and fruits in bulk at affordable prices.According to corporation sources, last year, there were 6 to 7 weekly markets in Hubli. This year the number has gone up to more than 10. The weekly markets are held in Shirur Park, Renuka Nagar, Bengeri, Unkal, Navanagar and on Gokul road.One of the main reasons for the popularity of the weekly markets is that people find the cost of the vegetables affordable in weekly markets compared to retail vegetable shops.Vegetable and fruit vendors come to weekly markets from neighbouring places like Sutagatti, Amargol, Bidnal, Goppankoppa, Shiraguppi and other villages. More than 400 to 500 vendors sell their products at weekly markets in Bengeri and Gokul road.Speaking to the TOI, Suresh Halli, a resident of Keshwapur, said that being a head of the middle class family, I prefer to go to weekly markets and bring more vegetables at a time. We have joint family and we need more quantity of vegetables at home. So we prefer weekly markets than retail shops, says Nagaraj P, a resident of Gokul road.Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation special officer HS Naregal told TOI that there were only about six weekly markets last year, but this year number has reached more than 10.Usually, the middle class people visit weekly markets to purchase vegetable in bulk at affordable prices.This is the reason for the popularity of the weekly markets in Hubli, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13186059", "title": "IIT-JEE: Experts, students fume over wrong questions", "text": "LUCKNOW: Wrong, ambiguous and questions with incomplete descriptions have now become a part of the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) for admissions to coveted Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs). For the third consecutive year, serious 'blunders' in IIT-JEE have come to fore. In JEE 2012, four questions worth 14 marks were wrong for which the JEE panel had decided to award zero marks for two questions and no negative marking for the remaining two.In physics, two questions were found incorrect. In paper II, question no six in section I where only one option was correct, two solutions were given in the answer key. In section III, question no 15 which carried one or more correct answers, experts found that there were two situations with which the answer could be derived. In chemistry, question no 23 belonging to section I had no correct options. Similarly, in mathematics, question no 60 had no correct answer out of the four options. The JEE panel for the incorrect questions in chemistry and mathematics has awarded zero marks to all.Fumed with the constant errors, an IIT aspirant said, I had spent a lot of time solving questions which ultimately was found had no correct answers. The JEE can never penalize even if they given full marks (as they did lat year) for the time that is wasted in trying to solve the question.''Another promising candidate said, It seems the paper setter adopts a casual approach in setting the question paper. For a prestigious exam like IIT-JEE, one really doesn't expect wrong and ambiguous questions.''Aditya Kumar, an expert in the field, said, Repeated mistakes in the JEE questions the sincerity, capability and integrity of the paper setters. The 'blunders' made every year clearly hint that people who are involved in it are unable to understand the system.'' He added that it has now become a trend which was rarely seen till few years back.IIT-Kanpur director SG Dhande suggested a technological advancement in the IIT-JEE system to make it robust, error-free and well balanced. Apart from the subject matter experts, we need experts from other fields like psychology, psychometric, statistics while setting the paper. Also, use of item response theory (IRT) and comprehensive test theory (CTT) is required.''On asking whether 'secrecy' while setting the question paper is a reason behind the errors, Dhande said, All I can say that there is a plenty of scope to improve while maintaining the confidential elements which are must for any competitive exam.''To recall, the first major blunder in JEE came to light in 2008. Mistakes worth 18 marks were found, and the cut-off for mathematics was just five. Last year, questions worth 30 marks were incorrect. Three questions in the Mathematics section were erroneous for which JEE awarded full12 marks to all candidates. In 2010, IIT made a biggest printing error in which the subject headings of physics and mathematics in the optical response sheet (ORS) were interchanged. This created flutter among the candidates and resulted in loss of time. Acknowledging the goof-up, JEE panel released a communique which said that each ORS (both for paper one and two) will be evaluated in two ways - sequential question number-wise and subject heading-wise. In each case, the higher score of the two evaluations will be taken as the candidate's score.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13190152", "title": "Bidhan family still hopes to get 'son' back", "text": "MUMBAI: As Bidhan Baruah waits anxiously to go under the knife and take the final step towards becoming a woman, his family back in Guwahati is hoping against hope that their son changes his mind. The family has also decided not to appeal in the Supreme Court against Bidhan's gender reassignment surgery due to financial constraints.Talking to TOI on Tuesday, Bidhan's father Supti Ranjan Baruah (45) said their younger son's decision to opt for the sex change surgery had come as a huge shock. The Baruahs reside in Guwahati's Pandu Colony, a close-knit conservative area. Baruah said the family has been fielding all sorts of allegations and accusations from different corners, including neighbours and the local media that Bidhan was tortured physically and mentally. \"The truth is we have raised him with care and affection like any other parent,\" said the father, who works with the railways' commercial division. \"I was shattered when he lodged a complaint against me with the Colaba police,\" he said.Bidhan's mother Supriya has been inconsolable since the day he left home without spelling out his plans. The missing complaint lodged with Guwahati police turned into a frantic search for the next 11 days before the family finally learnt the real reason behind Bidhan's disappearance. \"I have not cooked in the last few weeks. Actually, we have stopped eating proper meals. We are worried all the time that something terrible is happening to him,\" said the mother of two. Bidhan's elder brother is doing his post-graduation in Guwahati and has supported his parents' stand of not allowing his younger brother to go ahead with the surgery.Baruah said he dropped his plans of going to the Supreme Court after he learnt about the litigation charges. \"I do not have the resources to fight a legal battle now. I just want him to come back home,\" said the father, who maintained that in all these years no one in the family noticed Bidhan's feminine side. \"It was as if the transformation happened overnight. We are also surprised how the court gave a verdict even before we could receive a notice about the case,\" he said. \"We just hope the case does not set a wrong precedent because it would mean no parent would have any right on their children's choices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13189236", "title": "Student squads to make Koyilandy garbage-free", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Koyilandy municipality is all set to enlist the support of school-college students in its 'Clean Koyilandy Drive'. Special wings of students will be formed in all schools in the municipal area for the purpose.Coordinated by a teacher-convener, student volunteers from lower primary, upper primary, high school, higher secondary school and parallel colleges will be entrusted with the task of visiting houses to create awareness on the need to treat waste.The trained volunteers will also teach homemakers the methods to degrade waste in their own compounds.K Shantha, municipal chairperson, said the municipality would provide uniforms to the volunteers doing the job.The municipality is also planning to rope in young volunteers to clean fish and vegetable markets as well as the bus stand.The student squads will also be entrusted with the task of monitoring the waste disposal mechanisms of private organizations and institutions.The volunteers would be selected from among students after the sixth working day of the next academic year, said Shantha.The municipality is also planning to set up gardens (medicinal plants, vegetables) in school compounds with the help of these volunteers.Students will also be encouraged to set up kitchen and terrace gardens at their houses, she said.The bio-waste generated in houses and educational institutions can be used as fertilizers in these gardens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "13194620", "title": "Indian national jailed in Singapore", "text": "SINGAPORE: An Indian national has been sentenced to 20 months in jail for drunk driving a lorry which rammed into three pedestrians - all his fellow countrymen, last year, killing one of them.The lorry driver, Mutukrishnan Gunasekaran, 39, was also banned from driving for six years by a District Court yesterday.25-year-old Natarajan Sugumar died on the spot from multiple injuries in the lorry crash on February 14, 2010.Deputy public prosecutor Crystal Tan Yan Shi said Gunasekaran drank whiskey with a friend at a coffee house and drove the lorry against the flow of traffic to dormitory, The Straits Times reported.He swerved the vehicle to the left to avoid a crash with an oncoming taxi, but hit the three innocent bystanders.The second injured bystander had his two toes amputated and the third suffered a brain injury.Pala Venkata Nageswara, 29, who drank whiskey with Gunasekaran and took a ride in the lorry, was also hospitalised because of injuries.The report said Gunasekaran was jailed for causing Sugumar's death through a rash act and grievous hurt to the others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13190719", "title": "11 bikes recovered, four thieves held", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli sub-urban police arrested four persons on Wednesday and recovered 11 motor bikes worth Rs 3 lakh from them.The arrested are Kareem Samshi, Salman Patil, Sharukh Khan Hosur and Dawalmalik Eligar, all residents of Tadas of Haveri district. They were involved in bike theft cases in the last three months in Hulagur village of Shiggaon taluk.They used to lift bikes in various localities of Hubli, change number plates and then sell them at Tadas.Some of the bikes were hidden in their relatives' houses, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13192389", "title": "Mixed response to new alcohol age limit", "text": "KOCHI: The government's recent move to increase the agelimit for alcohol consumption from 18 to 21 has evoked mixed response throughout the state. While a large majority of adults and teenagers call this a very responsible move, many find this order preposterous and are offended by the government's 'invasion' of privacy. The law is a result of the state's dubious record of highest per capita consumption of alcohol, which is three times the national average. But the very obvious question still remains, if you can vote at 18, drive at 18, then why not consume alcohol when you are 18.\"It is our choice. If they think we are sensible enough to elect a government when we are 18 years of age, then it is wrong tosaythatwedon'thave the right to drink. This is a personalchoice and notsomething for the law,\" said an engineering student from Perumbavoor Pranav Sukumaran Nair.But there are others who label it as a thoughtful step. Gopika Varrior, a journalism student from Ernakulam, thinks this move will help youngsters in the long run considering the cap on alcohol consumption. Cherish Manjooran, a marketing student from Cochin, said, \"A law like thisis necessary.Many kids are driven to such bad habits because of peer pressure. Children are influenced easily at this age and are curious too. This law will curb such problems to a certain extent,\"Namratha Pradeep, engineering studentfrom Kadavanthra has a similar opinion. \"It is a positive step. Eighteen is too young an age to make such decisions anditis also a vulnerable phasein life. So authorities want to ensure that children don't adopt bad habits\" she said.The only question people ask is how this law will be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13184410", "title": "Part of missing ammonium nitrate traced, recovered", "text": "BHOPAL: Tracing of 220 gunny bags, containing ammonium nitrate on Saturday in two villages in Umaria district, has partly unraveled the mystery over a consignment of the explosive that went missing after it left Indore for Singrauli on April 19. The truck, carrying 30 tonnes of ammonium nitrate, was reported missing by the supplier on May 3.The consignment was dispatched from the Deepak Fertilisers' godown in Mangliya area of Indore and was going to IDL Explosives Limited, Nawa Nagar Road in Singrauli town.Police suspect the driver may have sold the chemical used as an oxidising agent in improvised explosive devices to either the red insurgents in neighbouring Chhattisgarh or to the illegal mining mafia. When the driver, identified as Ramesh Dahia, allegedly went missing with the chemical-laden truck, the police found out the residence of the accused in Maihar. The house, however, was found locked.Police said that almost 220 empty gunny bags were found in the forests between Pathrai and Jhala Tekan villages in the Sandhiya police station area. Most villagers mistook it for urea fertiliser and carried large quantities of the chemical home, hoping to use it in their agricultural fields.But a forest guard also stumbled into the same gunny bags while patrolling the area close to the Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserves and he reported the matter to the police.\"We asked the villagers to return the stolen gunny bags because of the explosive material,'' said Phool Singh Paraste, officer in-charge of Sandhiya police station. Investigations led us to three to four districts in the state. En route to Singrauli at least 10 tonnes of the explosives in the Umaria jungles and mobile tower locations and the driver's cell phone call details took the search efforts to Satna close to Chhattisgarh state.\"\"The truck was loaded with more than 600 gunny bags of the explosives. Of this, only one-thirds has been recovered. It is not still known where the remaining 380 gunny bags of the explosive material is,'' said Paraste.On Wednesday morning, a truck was found abandoned in a petrol pump in Sehora area of Jabalpur district. Police are trying to find out if it was the same truck that went missing with the explosive material. The truck, identical to the one missing, has a different number plate and a licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13180983", "title": "Keshubhai Patel likely to attend BJP national executive meet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After skipping the BJP national executive for three consecutive years, former chief minister and Narendra Modi's bete noire Keshubhai Patel is planning to attend the party's top two-meet in Mumbai on May 24 and 25.The development is significant in the wake of Keshubhai's recent statements, which have obliquely attacked Modi. Also, Modi is undecided on whether he will be attending the meet or not. He had missed it last year as well.The chief minister is likely to keep away from the conclave, where BJP will formally endorse a resolution to amend its constitution, allowing a second term to party president Nitin Gadkari . Senior leaders say Modi's main grudge, however, is the platform the party leadership is planning to give to his adversary Sanjay Joshi, who will analyze BJP's show in the recent Uttar Pradesh elections.\"I am not a working committee member,\" Keshubhai told TOI. \"But, I have received an invite today like many other former chief ministers. Though I have prior commitments, I may go there for a day.\"Keshubhai had first decided to boycott the national executive in 2004 and equated the situation in Gujarat with a 'mini-emergency'. Though he kept attending the meeting intermittently, he has avoided it for the past three years.Over the last month, Keshubhai has launched a veiled attack on Modi and exhorted the powerful Patel community to speak out against the \"injustices\" meted out to its members. Considered a key support base for the BJP, many believe the Patels are drifting away from the saffron party.\"The party is aware of Keshubhai's grievances, after he was removed as Gujarat's chief minister overnight in 2001 to make way for Modi. At the conclave, Keshubhai is likely to address key issues that hurt the party in Gujarat,\" said a senior party leader, who did not wish to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183653", "title": "6 share auto stands at Vile Parle", "text": "MUMBAI: Vile Parle residents will get six new share-an-auto stands by this weekend.The new share auto stands were proposed by local MLA Krishna Hegde.The new routes are: Vile Parle station (E) to Shivaji Chowk, Koldongri (Rs 5.50); to Hanuman Mandir (Rs 5.50); to Garware House (Rs 6); to Highway Rose Society (Rs 5.50), to Saibaba Mandir, Shradhanand Road (Rs 5.50), and to Sahara Star Hotel (Rs 6). Said Hegde, \"The RTO and traffic police have approved the routes after we pursued the matter with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13189367", "title": "KMSS stages dharna demanding release of activists", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) has threatened to make its agitation more vigorous if 19 of its activists, detained by the police, are not released soon.Many KMSS activists were detained in a recent crackdown by police in Lakhimpur district.Members of KMSS and eight other organisations have been protesting against the 2000 MW Lower Subansiri project and other large dams in the northeast at Chawldhowa ghat in Lakhimpur since December last year. During the recent crackdown, police also dismantled a camp set up by activists to prevent movement of trucks carrying construction material to the Lower Subansiri project construction site in Arunachal Pradesh.On Wednesday, members of KMSS and eight other organisations staged a sit-in demonstration in various districts across the state, demanding release of the detained activists and stopping of dam construction.\"The government has unleashed its forces to crush our democratic movement against large dams. These projects are going to affect the life and property of people living in downstream Assam. Instead of government showing sympathy to its people, they want to stop the movement by use of force. We are not going to be cowed done by such threats. We are going to continue with our protest till our activists are released,\" KMSS publicity secretary Kamal Medhi said.Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuva Chatra Parishad (AJYCP), which is protesting along with KMSS, also came down heavily on the government, alleging that attempts were being made to destroy the movement at a time when the people of Assam were coming out in large numbers against big dams.\"Our protest against large dams will continue and in coming days it will be intensified. The government cannot stop people from protesting through use of force. All the detained activists should be released immediately,\" AJYCP president Manoj Baruah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13185729", "title": "\u2018Toon is on the making of statute, not on its makers\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: NCERT's upfront defence of the Ambedkar cartoon a month before the controversy erupted was contrary to HRD minister Kapil Sibal's stance that the cartoons were inappropriate. Sibal has since drawn flak from commentators for political capitulation at the cost of constitutional freedom of expression.A group in April 10 handed NCSC chairman P L Punia a copy of the cartoons from the textbook 'Bharat ka Sanvidhan'. In response to a query from the panel, NCERT said the book had nothing offensive. It said the textbooks \"provided extensive coverage to the immense contribution of Baba Saheb Dr B R Ambedkar to Indian society. He is hailed as the principal architect of the Constitution of India\".The council said, \"Political cartoons were used as a source of learning in all the political science textbooks of classes IX-XII. Chapter 1, 'Constitution: why and how?' explains the process of making the Constitution in general and the Constitution of India in particular. The cartoon in question comments on the making of the Constitution rather than makers of the Constitution.\"The defence that the textbook eulogized Ambedkar showed that NCERT was confident of its decision on the toons, marking that HRD minister's bowing to the anger in Parliament was dictated by political concerns. Many Congressmen felt the government had acted in haste.Insiders said Congress was in a spot. While it was loathe to be on the wrong side of dalit uproar, it knew that agreeing with the protests would dent its equity with the liberal constituency. A leader said it was keen to ward off political costs, compounded by BSP chief Mayawati's emergence on the Delhi scene.The dalit leader has taken to targeting Congress since she shifted to Delhi from Lucknow, painting it as \"anti-dalit\" during the debate on Supreme Court decision to strike down reservation in promotions. She again targeted the Congress in the toon row. The Centre has called an all-party meeting on May 23 to discuss ways of neutralizing the apex court order quashing 'promotion quota'.Congress leaders said with crises on dalit front accumulating, Congress opted for the easy way out of the political mess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178012", "title": "We want re-investigation of Aarushi case: Talwars", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nupur and Rajesh Talwar, facing trial in the case of murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, on Wednesday pleaded with the Supreme Court to order re-investigation on the ground that the evidence collected by CBI was replete with discrepancies.\"Please order re-investigation as there are glaring discrepancies in the evidence. We do not want a clean chit. But for someone else's criminal act we should not face trial in the murder case,\" their counsel Pinaki Misra told a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar.The desperate plea from Nupur came just before the bench reserved order on her petition seeking review of the apex court's January 6 judgment, which had upheld the Ghaziabad magistrate's February 9, 2011 order summoning the parents as accused despite the CBI filing a closure report.Misra also requested the court to direct the agency to conduct 'touch DNA test' of several articles in foreign laboratories, which he said would conclusively establish whether an outsider \"made a friendly entry\" into Talwar's Sector 25 flat in Noida and committed the murders on May 16, 2008.If the bench posed questions on fact as well as law to the agency's counsel Siddharth Luthra to know the necessity of a long reasoned summoning order and whether the magistrate misread the evidence on record, it repeatedly told Misra that analysis of evidence was the job of the trial court and not that of the apex court.Justice Patnaik wanted to know the ill-effects of a long summoning order on the case and whether it prejudiced the accused. Luthra said in the Criminal Procedure Code, there was no provision which supported or decried a long reasoned order for summoning accused.Luthra said, \"At the stage of summoning, the magistrate only takes a preliminary view about existence of evidence on record and its sufficiency to warrant summoning of record, nothing more than that. If the accused are aggrieved by it, they could point out the discrepancies in evidence and loopholes in the chain of events constructed by the investigating agency and seek a discharge from the sessions court to which the magistrate has already committed the case for trial.\"Significantly, Justice Khehar seemed to be appreciate why the magistrate chose to issue a lengthy summoning order, and stressed that she had turned down the investigating agency's closure report to summon the accused.\"If the magistrate does not record reasons and commits the matter for trial to sessions court, how would the sessions court know what weighed with the magistrate to take cognizance of the case when there was a closure report? Some kind of reason has to be given, otherwise it would be termed as an arbitrary order,\" he said.\"If she gives reason, the accused would be questioning her, if she does not then also they will question her,\" Justice Khehar said.The bench allowed the counsel for the CBI and the Talwars to submit additional submissions within two days and promised to give its verdict \"as early as possible\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13178974", "title": "Will Boris Gelfand try Gruenfeld again?", "text": "CHENNAI: The Moscow World Chess Championship match looks similar to the 1995 New York PCA match between Gary Kasparov and Viswanathan Anand.The similarity is not in the outcome of the four games that have been played so far between Anand and Gelfand of Israel in Moscow, but the way they shaped, the kind of openings the players chose and also to an extent their psychology make the matches look alike.World champion Anand, like Kasparov in 1995, is getting into difficult situations early in the Moscow match against the odds. Of course, the New York match was of 20 games and the match took a while to warm up as the first eight games were drawn.Anand, like Gelfand in Moscow, had started off well surprising Kasparov at least thrice, the third one in Game 9 fetching him the first full point.Mark Dvoretsky, a prominent Russian coach and one of the key members of Kasparov's army of seconds, finds Gelfand's mindset almost similar to that of Anand from the past.\"Gelfand is playing freely and he's not afraid of his opponent; it's as though he's chosen a proactive strategy for the match and is playing some fairly combative positions with black. He has no fear of Anand,\" he noted.As the Moscow match progresses, Gelfand's choice with black is likely to be decisive. He adopted the Gruenfeld in both the games, Anand avoiding the main line for white in the second and interestingly getting a better position in the middle game.The World champion did not want to comment on the match after the fourth game. \"You don't really want to start doing evaluations, but so far it's a pretty tough match,\" said Anand, who will probably run into another Gruenfeld on Thursday in the fifth game.French GM Joel Lautier felt Anand wanted to avoid the Gruenfeld Defence in Game 3, but he got it, so his plan failed. \"I think the choice was okay, but all the same, Anand doesn't have huge experience of using the Gruenfeld Defence with white. It was therefore logical to try this variation, which Boris might have considered less,\" analysed Lautier.In New York, there was only one draw (out of the first eight) that took more than 30 moves; in Moscow, only one of four draws came after 30 moves. In New York, Anand faced the Sicilian Scheveningen in his first four whites, Kasparov repeating the opening until he lost Game 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13187151", "title": "Minor boy commits suicide", "text": "JAIPUR: A teenager committed suicide at the government quarters located inside the Rajasthan Police Academy(RPA) by hanging himself from a ceiling fan after he was allegedly reprimanded by his mother over studies. He was the son of a traffic police constable posted here.The deceased identified as Aakash (13) was reprimanded by his mother late on Tuesday evening. The boy was upset and locked himself in one of the rooms of the government quarters. Initially, the mother thought he was angry and did not disturb him. Later, the boy's father Subash Chand, who is a traffic police constable, came home, the couple unlocked the door with the help of a iron rod. They were stunned to see the boy hanging from the ceiling fan, police said.\"The boy was a student of Class IX and was the eldest son of their two sons and two daughters,\" said Rantan Singh, assistant sub inspector of Shastri Nagar police station.Police added that no suicide note was recovered from the spot and it appeared that the boy took the extreme step to kill himself after he was scolded by his mother.The body of the deceased was handed over to the parents after conducting the post mortem on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13190663", "title": "Guns N' Ganja network busted, one held", "text": "SURAT: Police on Tuesday arrested one person with a country-made pistol and seven cartridges in the city and claimed to have unearthed a nexus between weapons and ganja traders.The arrested person Krishna Mahapatra was closely associated with Janmohammad Liyakatali Fakir, a weapons dealer and ganja supplier, who was arrested in January with 10 pistols and 65 cartridges.The pistol recovered from Mahapatra was one of the two missing ones that police had been search for ever since Fakir's arrest.During investigation, police found that Fakir used to get ganja from Ganjam of Orissa and for carrier's safety, he had obtained the pistols initially.Later, he saw that there is huge demand for illegal weapons and started dealing in country-made pistols. Fakir sold most of his ganja in Surat and had contacts in the city. One of his contacts was Krishna.Fakir had purchased 12 pistols from Dinesh Rane, a carpenter in army. Of the 12, 10 were recovered from Fakir, while two were missing.So far, police have arrested Fakir, Rane and a gun carrier Navin Adidravid in the case.Mahapatra is also wanted in Pandesara police station for murder and kidnapping charges. He informed police that he started ganja trading few years back and used to arrange the produce from Orissa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178914", "title": "Rajya Sabha MPs cry over LS bias, Ansari promises action", "text": "NEW DELHI: First, it was MPs versus bureaucracy. Then, it was MPs versus Team Anna. Now, it's MPs versus MPs. With hierarchy consciousness gaining ground all round, Rajya Sabha members on Wednesday claimed their counterparts in Lok Sabha were getting preferential treatment at parliamentary functions and in other matters.Raising an \"important issue concerning Rajya Sabha's prestige\", V Maitreyan of AIADMK said \"repeated\" attempts to \"undermine the authority\" of the Upper House were taking place on \"various occasions on various matters\".During the photo session organized for MPs just after the completion of 60 years of Parliament, 60 seats in the front row were reserved for leaders of major political parties. But the criterion for the leaders of different parties in the two Houses was found to be different.\"For Lok Sabha, it was parties with four or more MPs. For Rajya Sabha, it was parties with eight or more members. I fail to understand how does four out of 545 (Lok Sabha membership) compare with eight out of 245 (Rajya Sabha). It's an injustice done to Rajya Sabha,\" said Maitreyan.Many other MPs thumped their desks in support. Some joined in with their own remarks, which included Lok Sabha TV having its own studio in the Parliament House complex and its employees being regularized, while Rajya Sabha employees did not enjoy the same privileges.Chairperson Hamid Ansari , on is part, assured the MPs, \"I am asking the secretary general (of Rajya Sabha) to convey the sentiments of this House to the other House and ensure that constitutional equality of the two is maintained in all matters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178565", "title": "RDCI releases its manifesto", "text": "KANPUR: Real Democratic Council of India (RDCI) on Wednesday released its manifesto 'Mission 2014' for the parliament election slated to be held in 2014.Releasing the manifesto Thomas Jacob, national president of RDCI said that country is witnessing corruption and scams nowdays and to save the country only alternative was a new constitution. Addressing media persons he claimed that current constitution was only for elite persons not for masses.Jacob informed that his party had started a public opinion poll for new Indian constitution 19 years ago from Kanpur. After nineteen years home work, party had drafted new constitution, which had been already loaded on party's website. Due to massive public support party had decided to field as many as 350 candidates in forth coming election. Party candidates would in the mean time distribute the party manifesto amongst the public.Disclosing the salient features of the constitution he said no voting would be a punishable offence while peoples would have right to recall their representative. Direct election of president and prime minister and implementation of central rule in India. Death penalty would be awarded to guilty persons of bribery, scams, misuse of government funds, adulteration in edibles and public property damage cases. Unemployment allowance for unemployed youths of the country and free justice for all, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178344", "title": "Bangalore take on Delhi in must-win game at Kotla", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is a lot in common between Team Delhi and Bangalore this season. For one, both sides are led by Delhi batsmen - Virender Sehwag and Virat Kohli respectively.Then, the two outfits have heavily-loaded top orders. It's going to be quite a spectacle when the two teams face off in Ferozeshah Kotla's last IPL 5 match of the season on Thursday.The sides, though, have vastly different interests on their mind. The hosts, who finished at the bottom of the table last year, have had a remarkable season so far and became the first side to book a playoff berth when they beat Punjab on Tuesday.Their opponents, on the other hand, with 15 points so far are still some way away from achieving that objective with only a couple of matches to go - both must-win games for them.The Bangalore outfit, like most of the teams in the middle of the IPL points table, have had a roller-coaster season.When Gayle is in the mood, Bangalore look unassailable. Similarly, Delhi look unstoppable when Virender Sehwag gets going.The worry for the table toppers is that Sehwag's form has started to trail off with the tournament heading towards its finale. If both Sehwag and opening partner David Warner fail to fire, Delhi may find it tough to get big totals as Punjab pacer Parvinder Awana exposed on Tuesday night.Bangalore will look to capitalize on this aspect and send back these two dangermen as quickly as possible.A win in this game will put Bangalore in the driver's seat as far as a playoff berth is concerned with their last league match against bottom-feeders Hyderabad later this week.The middle-orders of the two sides have been carried by two foreign imports - Mahela Jayawardene for Delhi and AB de Villiers for Bangalore.The local flavour in both sides haven't exactly pulled up their weight, apart from a couple of knocks from the likes of Naman Ojha and Mayank Agarwal.Jayawardene and de Villiers are completely different kinds of batsmen but equally effective. While the Lankan is silken smooth and traditional in his strokeplay, the South African is completely audacious.One of the biggest worries for the Delhi attack will be to keep de Villiers in check. However, Tuesday's Man of the Match, Umesh Yadav, is more worried about Gayle.\"I know Delhi have qualified for the playoff but we won't be taking the next two matches lightly. Gayle is their most dangerous bat and of course it will be important to get our strategies in place,\" Yadav said.Delhi mentor TA Sekar has confidence in the ability of his bowlers to handle pressure. \"We have already faced Bangalore once before and our bowlers know which areas to bowl. Umesh and Varun Aaron are both looking good after last night's match,\" Sekar said.For Bangalore, this is almost the last throw of the dice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13179426", "title": "Maharashtra government to regularize 6,546 van majoors", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when the forest department is facing staff shortage, the state cabinet on Wednesday decided to regularize services of 6,546 van majoors. The decision will cost an additional Rs 23 crore to the exchequer.Finally, poor van majoors' (temporary forest workers) long wait to get regularized in the forest department is over. In 1994, 16,000 van majoors were regularized. This is a major move initiated by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.\"We waited for over 17-odd-years to hear something positive from the government. Finally, the good news has come. Many of our colleagues are not alive to hear the news,\" said a section of van majoors.A study group constituted on July 2, 2011 and headed by the then additional PCCF SWH Naqvi had already given a go ahead to regularize services of van majoors. The group was formed at the instance of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on June 28.\"Of the 6,546 van majoors, 5,089 belong to the forest department, 1,006 work in the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) and 451 are with the social forestry department (SFD),\" said Siraj Patel, central president of Maharashtra Forest Guards, Forest Workers and Forest Labourers' Union.Patel, who was also member of the study group, said those workers who worked for 240 days in a year between November 1, 1994 and June 30, 2004, will only be regularized.\"It will not include those working on contractual basis,\" Patel stressed.Van majoors are face of the forest department and are involved in all sorts of forestry, conservation and protection work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "13180763", "title": "26/11, fugitives to figure in talks with Pakistan", "text": "ATTARI: The contentious issues of 26/11 and fugitives hiding in Pakistan will figure prominently during the home secretary-level bilateral talks scheduled for May 24 and 25 in Islamabad .The Union home secretary RK Singh, who was in Attari on Wednesday to inspect the recently-inaugurated Integrated Check Post (ICP) ahead of the planned visit of home minister P Chidambaram, said that India would try to resolve the contentious issues with Pakistan during the meetings.\"We will try to find a cordial solution to the core issues through the process of dialogue and I hope that relations between two nations would be much better after the talks,\" said Singh.He said that India would take up the issues of fugitives hiding in Pakistan and action against perpetrators of 26/11 attack, including its main architect Hafiz Sayeed.He added that smuggling of narcotics from across the border was also one of the major issues on the agenda.On the bandh call given by the Naxals, the home secretary said, \"This is a long-drawn battle and we will not let any person or a group to overthrow the democratic system at gunpoint.\"Meanwhile, Singh took round of the ICP to inspect the passengers and cargo facilitation services. He said that it had to be ensured that the goods arriving from Pakistan were properly checked.Earlier, Singh paid obeisance at the Golden Temple. Others who accompanied him included BSF additional director general Himmat Singh, deputy commissioner, customs, SM Akhtar, Amritsar deputy commissioner Rajat Aggarwal and police commissioner RK Mittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13191699", "title": "Committee endorses Parliament panel report", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Indian Council of Medical Research's (ICMR) head and one of the three panelists formed by the ministry of health and family welfare to look into irregularities in passing new drugs has endorsed the parliamentary standing committee's report as unchallengeable. The report had documented a nexus between drug manufacturers and top doctors/institutes of the country. The panelists will submit their report within two months and they will investigate if the report found procedural errors or if there was foul play. Lack of manpower at the drugs controller general India's (DCGI) office which has been pointed out in the committee's report has also been recognized by the ICMR head, Dr V M Katoch.Speaking to TOI, Dr Katoch said, \"We (the panelists)) have to go through the report and consult each other. The parliament is supreme and unchallengeable. There can be some flaws in either the procedure or there can be foul play. This is what we will try and find. There is manpower deficit . However it takes time to fill the posts.\"The committee has also named two PGI doctors -- Dr Dheeraj Gupta, department of pulmonary medicine and Prof Promila Pandhi, who retired last year as head of the pharmacology department, in its report. Dr Gupta had approved a drug on the basis of scientific trials in the West. And according to the committee, phase 3 clinical trials mandated by rules were not carried out in India. \"The drug approved had to undergo phase 3 clinical trials,\" the report mentioned.Most of the experts on the advisory committee of the DCGI for review and approval of clinical trials and new drugs are heading various departments of the PGI. The new committee was formed last year (after the parliamentary report's compilation). Accepting that the change of the DCGI has resulted in bringing regulation of drugs, Dr Amod Gupta, dean PGI and also one of the experts of the advisory committee said, \"Fixed dose combinations (for instance combining two drugs like aspirin with paracetamol) are now being outrightly refused. There is a high level of confidentiality maintained.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13178827", "title": "Rift within Cong: MLAs question Tytler's functioning", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A section of state Congress leaders on Wednesday threw an open challenge to the party leadership in the state and even questioned AICC general secretary in-charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler's functioning.\"It is time for a change (of leadership),\" Sundargarh MLA Jogesh Kumar Singh told media persons after a group of party MLAs and leaders owing allegiance to the faction led by L B Mohapatra met here. \"Tytler should first review his own work,\" Singh added, referring to the central leader last week writing letters to three legislators, Surendra Singh Bhoi (Titlagarh), Shyam Charan Hansdah (Rairangpur) and Dusmanta Naik (Bhawanipatna), warning them of action if they resorted to indiscipline.Tytler had expressed strong objections about the three MLAs making statements before the media about the need to replace Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik. The trio had accompanied former OPCC working president L B Mohapatra to a meeting with senior party leader and Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in Bhubaneswar on May 6 and discussed organization matters, even as Tytler was attending a public meeting in Cuttack to identify reasons for the party's rout in the February panchayat polls.Bhoi, who had earlier support of around 20 of the party's 27 MLAs in Odisha for Mohapatra to become OPCC chief, said being legislators they had the right to speak about party matters. \"Our efforts to strengthen the party shall continue,\" Bhoi said, indicating that the Mohapatra camp was in no mood to accept Niranjan as their leader.While Mohapatra refused to comment on the developments, Niranjan said, \"Only Tytler could respond to the MLAs' statements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13184262", "title": "Housing society put its foot down to Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology ring road", "text": "BHOPAL: An ambitious project of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) constructing ring-road around the campus to stop encroachment by those from the nearby residential areas may hit a roadblock after a housing society from neighbouring Kotra Sultanabad raised a red flag.The MANIT wants to develop a ring road around the campus before the onset of the monsoon next month. As the construction work gathered momentum, residents of the Nivesh Nagar Welfare Society of Kotra cried hoarse over it. Already, the authorities have finished the earth work.They allege the dumping of debris from the construction sites is clogging drainages. \"The drainage system would get choked creating trouble during the monsoon,\" they asserted.When contacted, MANIT registrar Savita Raje admitted the society has presented a memorandum and demanded to stop the construction immediately. \"The residents came to me and presented a memorandum alleging that debris is being deposited in drainages around the boundary wall,\" Raje said.The registrar has referred the issue to director Appu Kuttan. \"I have asked them to meet the director. He will take a final call on the issue,\" Raje said.The ring road is under construction around the boundary wall of the MANIT. Set up on the 650 acre land, the institute is hemmed in by a slew of residential colonies including Vaishali Nagar, Kotra Sultanabad, Chitragupt Nagar among others.Faced with the problem of encroachment in the recent past, the institute has decided to construct a ring road around the boundary wall of the campus to curb the menace. The estimated cost of the ring-road is Rs 1.72 crore. The authorities claimed that after the construction of the ring-road, security personnel can keep an eye on the campus to ensure property safety.After taking over as the director in last September, MANIT sources, Kuttan started the ambitious project. The authorities fixed the target to complete the ring road before the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13200012", "title": "Robin Singh blames batsmen for Mumbai Indian's defeat", "text": "MUMBAI: Blaming the batsmen for surrendering meekly to Kolkata Knight Riders' varied bowling attack in their IPL match, Mumbai Indians coach Robin Singh said that terming the team's batting as \"extremely poor\" is an understatement on this Wankhede wicket.Chasing a modest 141, the Mumbai outfit lost wickets at regular intervals to be shot out for 108 in 19.1 overs to go down to the Knight Riders by 32 runs last night, their second lowest total of the season after the paltry 92 made against Delhi Daredevils at this venue.\"The batting has been extremely poor. That's an understatement on a wicket like this. I think we should have scored the runs. We did not show any intent at the end of first six overs,\" said Robin Singh after his team's fifth defeat in eight home games at the Wankhede Stadium.\"Obviously then a total of 140 almost becomes like a 16-over game that you are playing,\" added the former India player.Refusing to blame the wicket for the defeat, Robin said it was a plumb track on which his batsmen should have comfortably chased down 141-run target.\"Wicket was fine, nothing wrong with the wicket. It was a plumb batting wicket as far as I am concerned. We could not chase 140. Obviously we did not bat well,\" said Robin after the Knight Riders avenged the first leg defeat they suffered against Mumbai Indians.\"We have been batting well in patches. We have won very close games. This is a batsmen's game. The batters have to come up and put the (opposition) bowlers under pressure. If you allow the bowlers to come into the game then you are in trouble,\" insisted Robin.The West Indies-born former cricketer admitted that his team should have won the match.\"I don't think there is any need to change the bowling. The batting has let us down. 140...9 out of 10 we should be winning that on this wicket, actually 10 out of 10,\" said Robin.Robin clarified that Rohit Sharma came down the order because he was unwell.\"Rohit was unwell. He was vomiting. We did not really have a choice. He (Dinesh Kartik) has been batting at number four for us, so we just pushed him up,\" said Robin when asked about the surprise promotion of the wicketkeeper-batsman to the one down slot, normally reserved for Sharma.Sunil Narine took four for 15 in just 3.1 overs, which included the wicket of Sachin Tendulkar that triggered the collapse but Robin pointed out that Mumbai had done well against the unorthodox off-spinner when the two teams had met a few days ago in Kolkata.\"We played him (Narine) pretty well in Kolkata. It was no different to how we want to play him.\"Heaping praise on Narine, Robin said: \"If you look at his economy rate, he has been extremely accurate, almost like a (Lasith) Malinga for us. You don't want more than 10 an over from him,\" said the coach.\"When he came in at that stage he was too good for us. He's extremely accurate, doesn't give you much to drive. I have been talking to (Kieron) Pollard as they play for the same state (Trinidad). He's able to bowl an off break with two or three fingers. It's not like you can just look at the hand and play him. You have to consistently keep looking at him, play him off the wicket as well.\"More importantly to play him on the back foot more than the front foot. It becomes very difficult to hit him if the wicket is slower and lower. You need a wicket where there is a little more bounce and he will become an easier bowler to play,\" observed Robin.Robin conceded that the defeat last night has made the last round robin match against Rajasthan Royals in at Jaipur a very important game in their quest to enter the play-offs.\"Next game is equally important. We need to win that game. I don't think we are safe in terms of qualification. Even Rajasthan (Royals) can qualify at this point in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13189023", "title": "MBBS forms sold out in two days", "text": "CHENNAI: In two days, the sale of application forms for MBBS and BDS courses crossed 20,800, sending officials in the directorate of medical education into a frenzy.The health department has now ordered for 10,000 more forms.On Tuesday, a total of 11,040 applications were sold in government-run medical and dental colleges. On Wednesday, another 9,840 applications were sold.Last year, 22,000 forms were sold in all.While general category students had to pay 500 for application form, SC /ST students, who produced two photocopies of their attested community certificate, got it for free.The deans of some of the government hospitals have told the selection committee that they had exhausted the forms. \"We have been repeatedly telling people that forms can be downloaded from the web pages,\" said a senior health department official. The applications can be downloaded free of cost from www.tn.health.org.Some parents, who stood for more than one hour in the queue at the Government Kilpauk Medical College, said they weren't able to download forms from the internet. \"I have been trying to download the form since yesterday (Tuesday ). I came here today because of that,\" said N Ganapathy, employee of a nationalised bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13188101", "title": "Corrupt sarpanch worse than terrorist: Remo Fernandes", "text": "To the common villager, the sarpanch is the highest authority he will ever hope to meet or even see outside begging- er, election- season. And \"India lives in its villages\", as Mahatma Gandhi once said. Therefore, if Indian villages are in the wrong hands, India is lost. And Goa is lost in a very specific way, because Goa's beauty lies in its nature- and its nature lies in its villages, coastal and interior. Tourists do not come to Goa for its malls, cinema halls, blocks of flats and gated communities.We all know that for long, Goa has been ruled by a bunch of mostly corrupt, criminal, uneducated sarpanchas who were in it for nothing but the money. Money made from allowing all illegalities to go on in the village, chiefly from construction and destruction of nature, but also everything else from murder to rape to drug trafficking to prostitution, especially along the beach belt. And these sarpanchas enjoyed the full patronage of ministers, whose obedient servants they were.Authorities such as these, work hard against the people and against the country. They are anti-national elements, and ought to be treated as terrorists who come into the country with the intention of harming it- such \"authorities\" do much more harm to India each single day than terrorists do in a whole year.Now that Goa has rid itself of most corrupt and criminal ministers, there is hope that the new ones will keep sarpanchas under control, at least to a certain extent. But if the sarpanch is in it not for the good of the village but his own, then the future of the village is bleak for the next few years, even with a good government at the Assembly. And a few years is all it takes to cover a tiny village with concrete or mining waste.My village of Siolim, for example, has several new blocks of flats and gated communities which simply do not belong in a village. It also has a new club/lounge owned by a party from Mumbai, which is built right on the waterfront in total violation of the law. The lounge played incredibly loud music right from Sunburn festival until well after the Christmas and New Year season- not only until the stipulated 10pm cut-off time, but all night long. Without exaggeration, the bass frequencies and volumes made walls and roofs of houses vibrate for kilometres around. My calls and SMS to the then chief minister Digambar Kamat evoked no response whatsoever. The villagers complained to the sarpanch, the sarpanch sent the cops, the cops went to the venue, collected their baksheesh, and the party went on every night, all night long. Finally, the village people went en masse to the sarpanch's residence late one night, forced him and the cops to accompany them to the venue, and got the music stopped. It has remained silent since.Just before these panchayat elections, I have realized that Goa needs its own website along the lines of the national www.myneta.com, giving full details of every candidate: Educational qualifications, criminal cases if any, assets before coming to power, assets after having been in power for x number of years if applicable, and so on. I appeal to an NGO who may be interested to kindly prepare such a website for all future elections in Goa. I hereby offer to help in whatever capacity I can.--Remo Fernandes(The views expressed in this column are those of the writer)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184454", "title": "More funds for rural development in Bengal, but how to use that?", "text": "KOLKATA: With the state set to get more central funds for rural development, the Mamata Banerjee government may face a tough time on the utilization front.As the chief minister wants to bring forward the panchayat polls to December 2012, she must utilize around Rs 4,000 crore or at least prepare the detailed project reports (DPRs) by October this year.Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has agreed to sanction Rs 2,000 crore to convert 5,733 km of morrum roads in rural Bengal into metalled ones and another Rs 2,000 crore in 2012-13 to construct 4,000 km new roads, but there is a catch. Ramesh sanctioned the funds on May 5, a day after Mamata urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for a three-year debt waiver. But the sanction order has a specific clause which has put the panchayat and rural development department in a fix. The proposals for repairing morrum roads and constructing metalled roads will have to be approved by the zilla parishads, most of which are run by the Left Front.The zilla parishads must send the proposals to the state government, which in turn, will forward those to the Union panchayat and rural development ministry. Sources in the panchayat department said officials are having a tough time getting the zilla parishads to act.The officials are in a hurry and prodding BDOs to push the zilla parishad heads to prepare the DPRs. The state must submit these reports for upgrading existing rural roads by October 24 and for new ones by July 24. Or else, the funds - even after being sanction - will remain unutilized.The central funds are to be provided under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY). But the approval for converting morrum roads into metalled ones has been pending since 2007 as the erstwhile government didn't bother to secure the funds.The other problem was that under PMGSY, the Centre can provide funds to construct roads for habitations not connected by roads. The state had announced that all habitations were connected with rural roads, making it difficult for the Centre to provide funds under PMGSY. After several meetings between the state and central officials, the technicalities were sorted out and the funds were sanctioned.In the first phase, 5,733 km of morrum roads will have to be converted into metalled roads. A project to upgrade another 6,586 km will be taken up in the next phase. The Mamata government is in a hurry to get the work started ahead of the panchayat polls, likely to be held in December, because around 6,200 habitations will benefit from the scheme.Some more central funds for rural development may be coming Mamata Banerjee's way, but her government may have a tough time getting hold of them. No wonder the chief minister wants to bring forward the panchayat elections to December, 2012. But then, she must make use of around Rs 4,000 crore - at least prepare the DPRs by October, this year.Even as Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has agreed to sanction Rs 2,000 crore to convert 5,733 km of morram (red stone) roads in rural Bengal into metalled ones and another Rs 2,000 crore in the 2012-13 financial year to construct 4,000 km of new roads, there is a catch in the allocation. Ramesh sanctioned the funds on May 5, a day after Mamata lobbied with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for a three-year debt waiver. But the sanction order has a specific clause which the panchayat and rural development department is finding hard to overcome. The proposals for repairing morram roads and constructing metalled ones in their place will have to be approved by the zilla parishads, most of which are run by the Left Front.The zilla parishads must send the proposals to the state government which, in turn, will forward them to the Union panchayat and rural development ministry. Sources in the panchayat department revealed that officials are having a tough time getting the zilla parishads to act.The officials are in a tearing hurry and are prodding BDOs to push the zilla parishad heads to prepare detailed project reports (DPRs). The state must submit DPRs for upgrading existing rural roads by October 24 and for new ones by July 24. Or else, the funds will continue to remain unused even after being sanctioned.The central funds are to be provided under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY). But the approval for converting rural roads - commonly known as morram - into metalled ones - has been pending since 2007 as the erstwhile government didn't bother to secure the funds. The other technicality was that under PMGSY, the centre could provide funds to construct roads for habitations not connected by streets. The state government had announced that all habitations were connected with rural roads, making it difficult for the centre to provide funds under PMGSY. Several meetings between state and central officials later, the technicalities were sorted out and the funds sanctioned.In the first phase, 5,733 km of morram roads will have to be converted to metalled ones. Upgrading another 6,586 km of morram roads will be taken up in the next phase. The Mamata Banerjee government is in a hurry to get the work started ahead of the panchayat elections, likely to be held in December, because around 6,200 habitations will benefit from the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13193461", "title": "Hapless students seek re-exam , BIE says no", "text": "Hyderabad: The controversy fuelled by the Intermediate physics paper got messier with over 20,000 students who missed the advanced supplementary examination on Wednesday demanding that the Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) hold a re-examination for them.Board officials, however, remained adamant and stated that a re-examination was out of question . In case the board refuses to yield, the students in question stand to miss an entire academic year as the next examination schedule is for March 2013.The students were not allowed to write the supplementary examination after their college managements failed to remit the examination fee to the board's treasury before the May 4 deadline.Meanwhile, responding to a petition filed by worried parents, the high court on Wednesday issued a directive asking BIE to provide all students with hall tickets who had paid the exam fee. However, since the court directive came at 4pm, when the physics paper II examination had already concluded, the board insisted that the order did not obligate them to conduct a re-examination . The parents though pointed out that BIE had actually ignored a May 15 court directive asking it to issue hall tickets to all students paying the fee.Board officials have, however, stated that they will issue hall tickets to students who are to appear for examinations (language papers and subjects other than physics) which are to be held over the coming few days.In a news release, BIE officials advised colleges to submit nominal rolls to obtain hall tickets for their students, adding that a control room (Telephone 24601010; Fax 24655027) would be set up to provide assistance in the matter.Thousands of students from Hyderabad, Nalgonda, Khammam, Kurnool, Chittoor and other districts were thus barred from writing the test. In the state capital, over 1,000 students from colleges in Falaknuma , Malakpet and Kukatpally missed the examination on Wednesday. Board officials, however , maintained that altogether just about 1,000 students had missed the examination and hence holding a retest would be a waste of government resources.The state government had decided to conduct the improvement examination for the benefit of students who either failed or scored low marks in the physics main examination . About 31% of all students (4.18 lakh) who took the physics test failed the main examination, results of which were released in April.To add to the confusion, three errors were found in the Telugu version of the physics paper. While experts claimed that question number 13 carrying four marks for Telugu medium students was incomplete , question number 19 carrying eight marks was based on erroneous data. Inter college lecturers have demanded that BIE grant 12 grace marks to all students who attempted the said questions.Defending themselves, college managements said that the goof-up over exam fees had occurred only because the server of the board's website was down for having received heavy traffic on the day before the deadline for applications. The board was also not clear about whether supplementary exam marks would be counted in determining Eamcet ranks. \"Several students waited till the last moment and, a day before the last date for registering, there was heavy load on the BIE server.The board is welcome to penalize colleges but the students should not be punished. The examination should be conducted again,\" said P Madhusudan Reddy, general secretary of the AP Government Junior College Lecturers' Association. Many private colleges approached the court on Wednesday seeking its intervention in the issue . \"Students are bound to lose a year if they do not appear for this examination. The board should think about their career. We will approach court on Thursday seeking re-examination ,\" said V Kumar, dean of Sri Chaitanya Group of Colleges .On Wednesday, 5.23% of the 3.12 lakh students slated to appear for physics paper II, failed to report for the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179233", "title": "Probe ordered into Bopodi drowning case", "text": "PUNE: The court of judicial magistrate first class at Khadki on Tuesday directed the Khadki police station officer-in-charge to probe into the drowning death that occurred at the PMC-run swimming pool in Bopodi on May 8.Sixteen-year-old Akash Chavan allegedly suffered an epileptic attack at the V B Patil swimming pool and drowned. Akash's uncle, Arun Jedhe, has filed a private complaint in the Khadki court after the police failed to register a case of cognizable offence.The matter will be investigated under section 156(3) of the Code of Criminal Procedure, which empowers the magistrate to direct the police to register and investigate a case.Akash had gone for a swim with his friends Shubham Kudlam and Akshay Thapa.Akash suffered a fit and started drowning when Thapa brought him out of the water. The boy was taken to a private hospital where he was declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180991", "title": "Man shot at by miscreants", "text": "NEW DELHI: Miscreants shot at a resident of JP Bandhu hospital campus near Daryaganj after he protested against the men drinking at the residential colony.A police source said Ravi Kumar, 30, objected to the persons drinking in front of his residence.Soon a brawl ensued between the inebriated miscreants and Kumar. One of them fired at Kumar, injuring him in the arm, a police officer said. Kumar was admitted to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13191842", "title": "Saeed sues scribes, seeks Rs 100 million in damages", "text": "Lahore: LeT founder Hafiz Mohammad Saeed has served legal notices on two Pakistani journalists for allegedly concocting a report about his secret meeting with US envoy Cameron Munter , seeking Rs 100 million as damages.The notices were served on columnist Nazir Naji and reporter Amir Mir by Saeed's lawyer A K Dogar. They contended that Naji's column in the Urdu daily Jang on May 9 and Mir's report in the Asia Times Online website on May 12 were aimed at tarnishing Saeed's image. Dogar said Saeed did not want to meet the envoy of a country that he claims is the \"murderer of millions of Muslims and an ensemy of Pakistan \" .Both journalists are bound to reply within 14 days, failing which legal proceedings would begin against them. Naji wrote that after the US announced a bounty of $10 million for Saeed, \"some extremists elements\" arranged a secret meeting between the Let founder and Munter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13190465", "title": "Assistant engineer caught taking bribe", "text": "BIJAPUR: Mohan Lalsingh Doddamani, an assistant engineer at the panchayat raj engineering division, was caught red-handed by the Lokayukta police here on Tuesday while he was allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 16,000 for sanctioning a bill amount.The officer allegedly demanded the money from Parasappa Madar of Balaganur village in Sindagi taluk who took up a drainage project costing Rs 2 lakh. The culprit had sought money to sanction the bill. Parasappa had filed a complaint with the Lokayukta police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13179753", "title": "Cong, NCP spar over white paper on irrigation", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet on Wednesday could not decide on a timeline for the white paper on irrigation projects, with Congress and NCP ministers engaging in a game of one-upmanship over the issue.At the end, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who was the first to demand the white paper, asked the irrigation department to make a presentation in this regard. The presentation is likely to be made within a fortnight, following which a call on the need for a white paper would be taken, officials said.The NCP, which is facing the heat over the issue, initiated the debate, with irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare raising the issue even though it was not on the agenda. Tatkare said the media had been carrying misleading information in this regard. He said he would like to make a presentation to the cabinet, providing the correct information. Sensing it was a veiled attack on Chavan, Congress ministers demanded that instead of a presentation, the department be asked to bring out a white paper. NCP ministers said they had no problems with bringing out a white paper and demanded a time-frame for its submission.Suggesting that the state agriculture department , controlled by the Congress, was responsible for submitting incorrect information which was included in the economic survey report, Tatkare said his department would need the basis of these figures to prepare the white paper. Chavan finally asked him to make a presentation providing details, later telling newspersons that even submission of details would be like submitting a white paper.Opinion in the cabinet was divided over a contentious proposal regarding distribution of central funds obtained for drought-prone and tribal areas under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) directly, without applying governor's criteria for proportionate distribute. While Chavan moved the proposal, which was supported by other ministers from western Maharashtra, including from the NCP, Congress minister Nitin Raut opposed it. He said it would lead to channelization of funds meant for Vidarbha and rest of Maharashtra to western Maharashtra.The cabinet also set aside Rs 10 crore for works of constructing cement plugs to improve groundwater levels in 15 drought-prone districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13177255", "title": "IPL 5: Kolkata have a foot in playoffs", "text": "MUMBAI: Team Kolkata inflicted a 32-run defeat on Mumbai and virtually booked their place in the IPL 5 playoffs at the Wankhede Stadium on Wednesday.Scorecard | Watch: IPL Highlights | Match in PicsChasing a target of 140, Mumbai succumbed to the guiles of mystery spinner Sunil Narine (4-15) and a deadly twin-strike from all-rounder Jacques Kallis, who accounted for West Indians Kieron Pollard and Dwayne Smith off successive balls in the 17th over.The Caribbean Narine foxed Sachin Tendulkar and had Harbhajan Singh and Rohit Sharma caught to spell doom for the hosts.Mumbai began on a slow note trying to read Kolkata's bowlers, who relied on a three-pronged spin attack.It paid off as Mumbai-bred left-arm spinner Iqbal Abdulla trapped opener Herschelle Gibbs leg before in the 6th over.Tendulkar made a sedate 27 (24 balls) striking three boundaries and an upper-cut six off Kallis before playing Narine very late only to see the ball spin and take his off-stump.Dinesh Karthik (20; 26b, 3x4) began with a flourish, pulling and on-driving two consecutive boundaries off Kallis but his attempt to pull L Balaji over square-leg in the 13th over saw him holing out to Yusuf Pathan stationed at the fence.With three gone for 66, Mumbai needed another 74 from 42 balls but Kallis' twin strikes swung the match Kolkata's way.Earlier, put into bat, Kolkata rode on the two good knocks of Manoj Tiwary (41; 43b, 2x4, 2x6) and skipper Gautam Gambhir 27 (23b, 3x4, 1x6) to post a modest 140.Kolkata's big-hitter Yusuf Pathan, however, continued to be strangled by his poor form, managing just 21 from the same number of deliveries.It was mainly due to Tiwary's effort that Kolkata managed to better their worst total of 131 this season batting first (made against Rajasthan at the Eden on April 13).That a few boundaries came from edges didn't matter as Tiwary did his best to prop the total. His two sixes were, in fact, the best-hit shots.He first deposited Harbhajan Singh cleanly over deep mid-wicket and later got under a length ball from Malinga to cart it high and straight near the sight screen.Gambhir, who began with a superbly-timed straight boundary off the very second ball of the innings from Munaf Patel, steadied the ship with Tiwary (adding 45 runs in 29 balls) after his side had suffered twin blows off successive balls in the second over, losing opener Brendon McCullum and Kallis.Kiwi McCullum was unfortunate to have been ruled leg before by the umpire as he was down the track against left-arm seamer RP Singh while Kallis was done in by a peach of a delivery that held its line and went past the pad and bat to knock back the off stump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13178520", "title": "Govt official probing BEML society fraud attacked", "text": "BANGALORE: A top government official of an auditing agency is battling for life after he was attacked by unidentified persons while assessing several controversial cooperative societies on Tuesday. S P Mahantesh, Deputy Director, Directorate of Cooperative Audit, was brutally assaulted while returning home from work.With police ruling out robbery as a motive, a probe has been initiated to investigate if the attack was linked to Mahantesh's work.Mahentesh was part of the audit of several cooperative societies in Bangalore, including the BEML Employees' Cooperative Society which acquired notoriety over fraudulent allotment of sites to non-members, including relatives of a top PMO official.Mahantesh was headed from office to his Chamarajpet residence on Tuesday evening when he was dragged out of his Maruti 800 car and hit on the head several times with a rod. The attack took place in front of the residence of the Chief Justice of the Karnataka High Court.Security guards nearby spotted Mahentesh lying in a pool of blood and rushed him to Mallige Hospital where he is on ventilator support.Police said some auto rickshaw drivers who rushed to his rescue claimed he was beaten up in the car's back seat and thrown by the roadside.\"The motive behind the crime is yet to be ascertained,\" said Joint Commissioner of Police, B Dayananda.A whistleblower revealed that Mahentesh had audit documents pertaining to eight societies, including the BEML Employees' Cooperative Society. \"Although I have not come in contact with him, our sources had received some documents from him which helped us expose scams in many cooperative societies in the city,\" said the whistleblower.Mahantesh's family and colleagues are in a state of shock. However they say they are not aware of any rivalry that Mahentesh had which could have motivated the heinous attack. \"He is a soft-spoken person. In his 18 years of service, he had an unblemished track record,\" said a family member.Mahantesh's wife Poornima has been left shattered by the turn of events. \"We were first told that there had been an accident. Only on reaching the hospital, we realized he had been attacked. Doctors are not every optimistic about his condition,\" said Poornima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13188700", "title": "Collectors meet songraphy owners to install 'silent observer' devices", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to curb illegal sex determination, collectors in the state have decided to bank on high tech equipment.Collectors of Jaipur, Pali and Rajsamand have decided to install 'silent observer' devices on sonography machines as done in Kolhapur district of Maharashtra. But, the Dausa collector, going a step ahead, has decided to install an active tracker.The state government has been working actively since chief minister Ashok Gehlot met actor Aamir Khan who took up the matter in his TV programme.'Silent observer' is a device installed on sonography machines which keeps records of every patient undergoing sonography test. Also, it keeps details of which part of the body was focused in the test. It is a black box, which has been installed in all sonography machines at Kolhapur district in Maharashtra.Pali was the first district in Rajasthan which planned to install the silent observer (SIOB) on sonography machines. Now, Rajsamand and Jaipur collectors too decided to opt for 'silent observer' to keep a close eye on the sonography centres in their respective districts.Jaipur collector Navin Mahajan said, \"Just like sonograhpy centres in Kolhapur, we will also install silent observers on sonography machines in Jaipur too. For the purpose, we have called a meeting of sonography centre owners.\"Besides, Rajsamand district collector Pritam B Yashwant has also decided to install the silent observer. Rajsamand chief medical and health officer Dr M L Deora said, \"There are eight sonography centres. We already have a meeting with them and it has been decided that all of them will install the silent observer.\"He said each silent observer will cost Rs 30,000. Half of the cost would be paid by the sonography centre while the rest would be paid by a corporate company.Deora said, \"The district administration has decided to rope in the same company which has installed the devices in Kolhapur.\"Besides, Pali district collector Neeraj K Pawan has already announced that the sonography centers in his district would be under his scanner through the silent observer.But Dausa district collector has decided to go a step ahead as he has plans to install active trackers in the sonography centres in his district. Dausa district collector R S Jhakar said, \"We have decided to go for active trackers. The active tracker works on GPS/GPRS system. And, if anyone tries to remove it from the sonography machine, we will receive an SMS about it.\"\"We already organized a meeting with the sonopgrahy centres and they have agreed for installation of the device. In a month or two, we will be able to complete the installation process,\" Jhakar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13183194", "title": "Surendranagar goes thirsty, politicians trade charges", "text": "RAJKOT: A political war seems to have erupted in Surendranagar town over Narmada water. The Congress which rules the Surendrangar Nagarpalika says that the local body is not able to supply drinking water to its citizens regularly because the state government is not supplying Narmada water to Dholidhaja dam, the only source of drinking water for Surendranagar town.\"The district administration as well as the state government had assured us that they would release Narmada water from May 15, but that did not happen. At present, we are pumping water from Dholidhaja dam and it is drying up day by day. So, we could supply water once in a week and that too for half an hour. This water scarcity has been a serious issue, but the BJP government neglects the Surendranagar Nagarpalika,'' said nagarpalika president P D Rathod.Congress leaders of Surendranagar have announced that they will hold a protest programme from May 18 in the town, demanding immediate release of Narmada water. \"We will begin our protest demanding Narmada water and we have faxed to the chief minister and water resources minister about our demand. Our protest (dharna) will continue till Narmada water is released to Dholidhaja dam. People suffer a lot as they have to drink contaminated water in the absence of clean drinking water,'' said nagarpalika member Jayesh Chauhan.Chauhan said that there was not enough water in Dholidhaja dam and it would last only till May 30. Nagarpalika officials said that they supply only 12 MLD water against the daily requirement of 21 MLD in the town.However, BJP leaders say the Congress is playing politics over water. BJP MLA from Wadhvan, Varshaben Doshi, said: \"The situation is not as grim as painted by the Congress. Recently, I attended a meeting at the district collectorate and officials told us that there is enough water in Dholidhaja dam to last till June 30. The nagarpalika is to be blamed for not being able to provide water efficiently to people.''She said the state government was supposed to release Narmada water from May 15 but it was delayed as work was going on in the Narmada canal. \"Work is going on in Narmada canal which has caused the delay, but the state government would release water if the situation turns really grim in Surendranagar,'' she said.Nagarpalika office-bearers said they had sent a proposal to the state government for laying a water distribution system but nothing had moved. \"We sent a proposal of Rs 70 crore to the government four years ago but the BJP government is sitting on this,'' said nagarpalika vice-president Jashubha Zala.But people say the political parties should burry their ego and ensure that safe drinking water is supplied in adequate quantity. \"Political parties should come out from dirty politics and should try to provide potable drinking water to citizens. It should not matter which party rules the local body,'' said Pradeep Vaishnav, a resident of Surendranagar.Surendranagar district collector Pradeep Shah could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13186200", "title": "Trial project to de-pollute Market Canal a success", "text": "KOCHI: With the Kochi Corporation declaring the trial undertaken to de-pollute the Ernakulam Market Canal a success, there is hope in the air about the city having cleaner canals in the future.As part of a comprehensive clean-up plan, the local body had put to test the efficacy of enzyme technology to detoxify the canal.The corporation said the findings of the test would be announced on Thursday. Experts will also analyze the results, said mayor Tony Chammany.The 22-day canal trial project was launched on April 26. It was carried out with the technical support of experts from United Kingdom (UK) and was sponsored by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII).Experts from UK-based Caringfornature.com selected a portion of the canal and carried out experiments to detoxify it. The enzyme technology was expected to help decompose organic waste in the water. A 15 x 5meter box-shaped instrument was placed to separate the portion of the canal which had to be cleared. Oxygen, crucial for the survival of aerobic bacteria, was then pumped into the bottom of this portion to facilitate aeration. Aerobic bacteria help decompose organic matter. Following this, enzyme solvent was added to the water.Launching the project, the mayor had said that if the experiment turned out to be a success, the civic-body would announce a comprehensive cleaning plan that would include fencing of canals, construction of side walls, and prohibiting dumping of garbage on canal banks. Steps would also be taken to remove plastic and other inorganic substances in the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13188908", "title": "CBI raids south west mining office", "text": "HUBLI: A CBI team on Wednesday raided JSW Steel Ltd's South West Mining Company office in Toranagal of Sandur taluk in Bellary district.Seven officials of a CBI team led by inspectors Ramesh and Satyamurthy conducted the raid around 8.30am. According to sources, the raids on South West Mining Company were held to probe the connection between former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa denotifying land and South West Mining Company having reportedly paid Rs 20crore to purchase land in Dhavalagiri estate, to Yeddyurappa's sons and son-in-law. The company also reportedly gave Rs 10crore to Prerana Education Trust , which belongs to Yeddyurappa's family.The team also raided JSW Steel Ltd CEO Vinod Navel's residence in Vidhya Nagar on Jindal campus, and verified some documents.A JSW spokesperson said: \"The company has not carried out any illegal activity, nor is connected with any wrongdoing. It has full faith in the judicial process and its books are open and it will fully cooperate with the investigating agencies. The JSW group follows the highest standards of corporate governance and is the victim of alleged illegal mining.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13177471", "title": "Now, pay Rs 600 for jumping red signal", "text": "NAGPUR: The traffic cops have decided to redefine 'dangerous driving' to include jumping red signals, using mobile while driving and habitual rash driving. Consequently, any biker or motorist caught committing these acts will be fined Rs 600 instead of the paltry Rs 100 at present.DCP (traffic) Jivraj Dabhade has directed officials to book such offenders under section 184 of Motor Vehicle Act, which states that jumping signal or use of mobile while driving is just like driving a motor vehicle at a high speed or in a manner dangerous to the public. Dabhade has further directed cops to intensify drive to nab such offenders and keep tabs on those violating traffic rules and regulations, especially at traffic signals.Dabhade said, \"Now-a-days, bikers enjoy jumping red signals, avoid standing behind stop lines and indulge in rash and reckless driving. The traffic violations at all squares and on the roads are endless. The worst part is that these violators do not care for public life and don't even fear traffic cops deployed at squares.\"The DCP feels that apart from helping crack down on speedsters, the harsher fine of Rs 600 would help control such traffic violators, especially young two-wheeler riders jumping red signals, stop lines etc.Along with action against errant bikers, cops have also started pulling up people for fancy number plates on vehicles these days. Dabhade said 452 bikers and motorist have been booked for fancy number plates and warned to change them immediately in the last few days.Meanwhile, the traffic cops said they have also started pulling up motorists travelling in cars with dark films on windows and windscreens after the Supreme Court orders for action under the Central Motor Vehicle Rules. The rules state that permissible visible light transmission of 70% for front and rear windshields and 50% for the wide windows is a must. However, four-wheelers, especially government vehicles, with tinted glass can be regularly spotted on roads.Dabhade said that 287 persons have been booked for having dark films on windows. \"Cops do not have equipment to measure the shade of the tinted glass. But they have been taking action on the basis of manual estimate of transparency and tint,\" he added.However, a senior cop said on condition of anonymity that in the 12-day long drive, during which 287 four-wheelers were fined for tinted glass, not a single vehicle belongs to the biggest violators; VIPs, top bureaucrats and government officials. \"How can we stop them? We know that these people are also violating the SC directives,\" said the senior cop.Dabhade however denied any such restrictions. \"There are no directions to exempt government officials, VIPs or others. The drive is going on and will be initiated against all violators,\" he assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13188208", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation told to approach state over land acquisition in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik district collector P Velrasu has asked Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation(MIDC) officials to take up the issue of land acquisition with the state government, as industrial development in Nashik has come to standstill due to non-availability of the land. Local farmers have been opposing the acquisition of their land for the growth of industry within the district.The land acqusitions issue was raised by industrial associations at a meeting with Velarasu. The collector said that farmers are protesting land acquisition and are not ready to part with their land even though rates were offered at nearly triple the amount of ready reckoner rates.\"There is no land available for new industries wanting to set up their base in Nashik. Existingindustries too, do not have land for their proposed expansion. MIDC has notified farmers' with land in Wadivarhe, Gonde, Dindori , Sinnar and Malegaon and has made entry into 7/12 extracts of land records. As a result, farmers can't sell their land, and the MIDC is not acquiring it either. Hence, permission should be given to farmers to sell their land directly to industialists, if both are willing,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA).Velrasu, who is also the chairman of the district land acquisition committee, said, \"Farmers' protests are creating hurdles in land acquisition. Farmers are not ready to give their land even though we have offered double or triple the price over the ready reckoner rate. I personally held a meeting with farmers over the acquisition issue in Dindori, Wadivarhe and Malegaon, but to no avail. For land near Malegaon, where the ready reckoner rate is Rs 1 lakh per acre, we had offered Rs 7-8 lakh per acre. But it was not accepted even at this price.\"Velrasu has therefore asked the MIDC to take up the issue with the state, and seek the state's permission if individual farmers were willng to sell their land directly to industrialists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13188000", "title": "Cops get faster bikes to catch up with speeding offenders", "text": "CHENNAI: Policemen on patrol can now give a hot chase to bike-borne offenders. More than 110 beat officers in the west zone have got 160cc motorbikes to patrol the streets day and night. Chain snatchers, who usually come on bikes, will be among the patrol officer's targets.The beat officers will go on rounds in three shifts to keep anti-social elements at bay. Prevention of crime on the streets is the main objective of beat officers. The very presence of police would deter criminals from carrying out illegal activities, they believe.\"The idea is to infuse confidence in the minds of the public. We will identify interior areas that are crime-prone. The two-wheelers will help our men reach narrow lanes where four-wheelers cannot enter,\" said ACP (law and order ) P Thamaraikannan.\"We have divided each area into three sectors and one vehicle will be shared by three policemen who will work in three shifts - 7am to 1pm, 1pm to 9am and 9pm to 7am. This will keep the area under surveillance roundthe-clock\" said a senior police officer.The 11 police stations falling under west zone - Pulianthope, MKB Nagar, Sembium, Anna Nagar, Thirumangalam, Villivakkam, Ambattur, Madhuravoyal, Poonamallee, Avadi and Pattabiram - have been brought under patrolling.\"This bikes with 160cc engine can negotiate harsh riding conditions and disc brake at the rear gives more control to the rider,\" said Prashanth Babu, an automobile engineer from Chetpet. Police will study the area, collect details of citizens and hold frequent discussions with residential welfare associations to help them during crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13187264", "title": "Jaipur's Kawa Brass band to perform twice while accompanying Olympic torch", "text": "JAIPUR: The Pink City will have its moment of glory in the forthcoming London Olympics when millions of sports lovers will watch the mellifluous tunes played by Jaipur's Kawa Brass Band. Though the band will not perform at the opening ceremony , it will perform along with the relay of Olympic torch on May 30 and June 13 at Shrewsbury and Belfast respectively.After the British Council sent a confirmation letter a week ago to 50-year-old Hamid Khan Kawa, the founder-musician of the band, the members of the troupe are preparing for millions of spectators.\"It gives us joy and a sense of recognition as we would be playing music while accompanying the Olympic torch through the streets of Shrewsbury in UK on May 30,\" said an elated Hamid Khan, talking to TOI on Wednesday.It will not end here for Hamid and his musical troupe as they will also perform at Belfast with Olympic torch on June 13, 2012.All the members of the troupe are excited and are burning midnight oil to give their best for the event.\"Abhi hum log Delhi mein hai. VISA ke liye aaye hain (We are in Delhi for VISA),\" said Hamid over phone.Hamid said that though the band has performed in almost every part of the globe, their association with the London Olympics is likely to open new avenues for them. \"Music lovers abroad are different. Thus, if our music clicks, we will definitely get more such assignments,\" said Hamid.On the kind of music they will play, he said: \"We have prepared a melody titled 'Hans Dwani' and will also play 'Pancham' for the events. Likewise, since we hail from Jaipur, our dress we will depict the colours of our state.\"\"We have also designed one item called Kawa Circus in which we have included all the ancient street games of Rajasthan and have created a melody that will take the listeners into the era of emperors,\" he added.The members of Jaipur Kawa Brass Band include Hamid Khan Kawa (founder and artistic director), Siraj Khan (bass drum player), Najikali Damami (side drum player), Manish Chauhan (trumpet player), Chand Mohammad Damami (clarinet player), Mohammed Shafi (euphonium player), Hakam Ali (euphonium player), Govinda (performer) and Chandni Sapera (dancer).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13189068", "title": "Man molests girl, locals damage bakery", "text": "MARGAO: Tension erupted at Fatorda on Wednesday evening after an irate mob vandalized a bakery-cum-shop on learning that the person manning the shop had attempted to molest a lady customer.Police sources said that a 20-year-old girl had gone to the shop to buy some ice cream. On the pretext of serving her, a relative of the shop owner, Vijay, allegedly grabbed the girl by her hand and pulled her inside. As he tried to pull down the shop's shutters, the girl raised an alarm. This alerted the locals who soon gathered outside the shop. Sensing trouble, Vijay took to his heels. The mob later vented their anger by damaging the goods and equipment found inside the bakery.The Margao police have registered an offence against Vijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178481", "title": "Women MPs\u2019 meet to fast track anti-dowry Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government appears keen to fast track the anti-dowry amendments, and has lined up an important meeting with women MPs on May 21. The women and child development (WCD) ministry has been mulling over amendments, which will ensure both moveable and immoveable property to be considered as dowry besides differential penalties for those giving and taking bribes.With a view to curb dowry-related deaths, the National Commission for Women (NCW) had called for changes in the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961, and the Indian Penal Code ( IPC). The proposed amendments range from changing the definition of dowry to imposition of harsher penalty for dowry deaths.The ministry hopes to garner political support for the bill. The anti-dowry legislation is often seen as ``draconian'' by its critics and the government hopes to get political view on the amendments before bringing it to the Union Cabinet. ``We want suggestions and comments from political parties on the dowry legislation,'' said Krishna Tirath, minister for women and child development.The ministry has proposed that the definition of dowry should be changed to include both moveable and immovable property as well as asking for any favours from the woman's parents. It also wants the punishment for dowry givers to be reduced on the ground that they are victims of coercion. The draft law has sought a mandatory provision for registration of lists of gifts received at the time of marriage and penalty for not maintaining such a list.There is also a proposal to empower protection officers appointed under the Domestic Violence Act, so that they can file complaints in case of dowry harassment. Advisory boards set up under the Dowry Act should assist the protection officers.The ministry also plans to discuss a new clause providing an opportunity to the woman to file a case at the place where the offence was committed or where she permanently or temporarily resides.The recommendations were part of the national consultation in January with representatives of state governments, police and legal service authorities among others.Other issues that are likely to be part of the meeting will be protection of vulnerable groups like sex workers and transgender, and the ministry's scheme for rehabilitation of rape victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13193899", "title": "Thailand woos AP investors", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is not just Indian tourists that Thailand is keen on attracting to its shores. Now, it also wants to woo Indian companies, especially those from Andhra Pradesh, from sectors like IT &amp; ITeS, pharma and biotech to set up shop in Thailand, Chanchai Charanvatnakit , consul general, Royal Thai Consulate General said here on Wednesday.These sectors have been accorded topmost priority by the Thai government with the maximum incentives being offered in addition to a single window clearance, Charanvatnakit told a gathering of AP Inc at a seminar on 'Business Opportunities in Thailand' organized by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry's (Ficci) AP council. He also pointed out how Thailand had abundant power for industry thanks to multiple power resources like natural gas, thermal, wind and solar power.On the other hand, Thai companies are keen on investing in sectors like food processing in AP, he said, pointing out that Thai players like CP Aquaculture and Rockworth have already made investments in Vizag and Chittoor. While CP Aquaculture has feed mills in Vizag and Chittoor, office furniture maker Rockworth has its facility at Sri City in Chittoor.Talking about bilateral trade, he said it was expected to grow to $14 billion by 2014 from $8.6 billion last year. \"While we import machinery, auto parts and gems from India, Thailand exports electronic goods, computer parts to India,\" he said.On tourism, he pointed out that India was the top 6th tourism generator for Thailand with around 9.2 lakh Indian tourists visiting the country in 2011. \"We expect over 1 million Indian tourists to visit Thailand this year. While 14 million tourists from across the world visited Thailand last year, we are targeting a total tourist inflow of 15 million this year,\" Charanvatnakit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "13180011", "title": "Five dead, 32 injured when mini lorry turns turtle", "text": "ERODE: Five persons including two children died on the spot and 32 others were seriously injured when the mini lorry in which they were traveling in turned turtle near Thalakarai in the Bargur hills on Wednesday afternoon. Break failure is cited as the reason for the accident. The lorry was carrying more than 40 members of a family who were returning home from an engagement ceremony at Anthiyur, near Erode.On Wednesday morning, Somasundaram, hailing from Thalakarai, and his family members proceeded down the hill to attend the engagement function. On the return journey , the driver loaded the bus with sacks of river sand. Those who were sitting on the sand bags were severely injured.The deceased have been identified as Mathammal Karappan, Nandini Devaraj (3), M Manikandan (10) K Gurusamy (50) and V Chinnapullai (40). The driver of the lorry, Sakthi, a native of Bijiletti, in Erode escaped unhurt and fled the scene. He was eventually arrested by police.The condition of many of the injured remains serious and the death toll is likely to increase. The injured have been admitted to various hospitals in Erode, Bhavani Sagar, Anthiyur and Coimbatore.Residents and witnesses conducted rescue operations even before police personnel arrived at the scene. District collector V K Shanmugam reached the spot and coordinated rescue operations. He also visited the injured in the hospital to ensure they availed proper treatment.According to eyewitnesses, the lorry was negotiating a steep curve when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13185557", "title": "Govt seeks end to Sudan-South Sudan conflict; sends special envoy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has again dispatched its special envoy Amarendra Khatua to South Sudan and Sudan as the conflict between the two shows no sign of abating. With oil rich South Sudan suffering the most - more than half of its population facing food shortage - government officials on Wednesday said India would pull out all stops to help the government in Juba, including initiatives to build vocational training centres and hospitals.Special envoy Khatua, who is a an additional secretary with MEA, held talks in Khartoum with UN special envoy Haile Menkerios and senior officials of Sudan's foreign ministry on Tuesday. He is also expected to meet African Union mediator Thabo Mbeki later this week.While expressing India's concern over the deteriorating situation, Khatua, who is on his second visit to the region as special envoy, urged authorities in Khartoum to comply with the UNSC resolution earlier this month which seeks to end all disputes related to oil and other issues. He also offered all possible help from India to end hostilities.Sources said India has offered to play a role in the resumption of discussions between the two countries in Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa over the oil dispute. India's ONGC Videsh, along with China National Petroleum Corp and Malaysia's Petroliam Nasional Bhd , is one of the main producers of crude in South Sudan and Sudan.\"The special envoy is currently in South Sudan after having visited Sudan, and he will then travel to Addis Ababa where he hopes to meet the African Union High Level Implementation Panel led by Thabo Mbeki,'' MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, confirming the development. India had appointed Khatua as special envoy in March after the escalation in conflict caused South Sudan to completely stop production and shipment of oil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13180720", "title": "Pakistan high commission declines visas to Sikh devotees", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Pakistan high commission has refused visas to Sikh devotees aspiring to undertake pilgrimage to gurdwaras of Pakistan to observe the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev.Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) president Avtar Singh Makkar told TOI on Wednesday evening that SGPC had submitted passports of 320 devotees to Pakistan high commission for obtaining visas.\"We were surprised when Pak high commission officials returned all passports after lunch without giving visas or any reason for denial,\" said Makkar. Condemning the action of Pak officials, Makkar asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to immediately take up the issue with Pakistan government so that religious feelings of Sikhs were not hurt.Though Pakistan high commission in Delhi has not given any reason for denial of visas to Sikh pilgrims, sources are of the view that there was a possibility that refusal to grant visa followed differences in dates of martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev.According to the amended version of Nanakshahi calendar, the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev falls on May 25 whereas according to traditional dates, the martyrdom day falls on June 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13188321", "title": "Council for Social Justice and Peace petitions Wanchoo over polls", "text": "PANAJI: While condemning the undemocratic and unfair practices used in the panchayat elections across the state, the Council for Social Justice and Peace (CSJP) has submitted a memorandum to the Governor of Goa B V Wanchoo.In the memorandum submitted on Tuesday, the CSJP has cited the manipulation in the delimitation and reservation of wards and preparation of voter's lists by the Government of Goa in the conduct of the elections.\"The delimitation and reservation of wards have been carried out by the director of panchayats in an arbitrary fashion with the assistance of the village panchayat secretaries and Block Development Officers (BDOs) who have allotted the voters for various wards without observing geographical contiguity, connectivity, caste-wise statistics, and criteria for numbering among other relevant factors,\" states the memorandum.The ward numbering has been carried out arbitrarily and in the process some localities which were reserved for women candidates in the last panchayat election of 2007 continue to figure as reserved for women even for this election under disguise of a different ward number, the memorandum states.The CSJP has appealed to the governor to initiate necessary action to remedy the injustice and ensure that the elections to the village panchayats are free and fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13182846", "title": "Much at stake for urban development minister in GMC polls", "text": "GAYA: There is much at stake for urban development minister Prem Kumar in Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC) election as Nagmani, said to be Prem Kumar's closest political aide, is contesting the election from ward no. 10 giving deputy mayor Mohan Srivastava a run for his money in the crucial polls.Besides Nagmani, several other contestants from different wards of the town, also enjoy the political patronage of the minister and the performance of these candidates, more so that of Nagmani, according to political science teacher Ali Hussain will indicate Kumar's popularity level in the town that has elected him to the assembly a record six times, each of these victories bigger than previous ones in terms of the victory margin.Political analysts see the ward no 10 election as the extension of the last assembly election in which Deputy Mayor Mohan Srivastava, as the Congress candidate, challenged Prem Kumar. That Srivastava came a poor third conceding the second slot to former CPI MP Jalaluddin Ansari is another story.Gaya watchers believe that Prem Kumar can ill afford to see Nagmani lose the all-important battle, as a defeat for Nagmani will be regarded as a setback for the minister, as Nagmani is too close to him to be wished away. On his part, Prem Kumar, aware of the implications of the municipal election outcome, plays it safe by maintaining a public distance from his 'local alter ego'.Denying any political stake in the GMC election, Prem Kumar told TOI that the municipal elections are not being fought on party lines and as such, he has nothing to gain or lose by the municipal election outcome. His only interest as a resident of Gaya town and its representative in the state assembly was to see that good people, irrespective of their political ideology, are elected to the municipal corporation and Nagmani was just one of the contestants belonging to the good category, said Kumar. Prem Kumar also had some nice words to say about Khatib Ahmad and Lalji Prasad seeking re-election from the Kathokar Talab and Ramna Road localities of the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13186948", "title": "Indonesian envoy calls for better ties with India", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exemplifying its national motto of 'Bhinneka Tunggal Ika' ( unity in diversity), the ambassador of Indonesia to India Lt Gen (Retd) Andi M Ghalib on Wednesday stressed on the need of strengthening ties between the two largest democracies of the world, especially in the field of education.The ambassador who is on a four-day visit to the city said, \"My main aim of this visit is to strengthen the ties between the two nations in the field of education. We want to have a good and strong student exchange programme between us. We met the governor and also called upon officials of the Lucknow University, and had a cordial interaction between us. Every year as many as 15 students come to IIT Roorkee and Aligarh Muslim University to interact with the faculty members on wide range of educational issues. And we want to take this interaction to a higher level.\"The ambassador also said that India and Indonesia have signed 33 MoUs and one of them relates to education. \"During our meeting with LU V-C, he agreed to come to Indonesia.\" Ghalib, who has been UP on earlier occasions as well, said that in order to boost ties between the two nations, Indonesia is giving visa on arrival to Indians, who visit the archipelago. The island nation is also contemplating providing direct flights to India from four metro-cities of Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai through its national carrier Garuda Airlines. The visiting ambassador wanted to meet the CM, but eventually could not meet Akhilesh Yadav.Elaborating on the trading relationship between the two economies of the world, the Indonesian ambassador said, \"India is Indonesia's fourth largest trading partner after China, US and Japan. The quantum of bilateral trade between us was worth US$20 billion in March 2011. By 2015, we want the figure to reach US$25 billion and then subsequently US$45 billion. An important area of trade is crude palm oil. Currently, the volume of trade between the countries is 50,000 to 75,000 metric tonne per month.\"When asked whether Indonesia would extend helping hand to India to meet its demand of crude petroleum, after India decided to cut 11% import from Iran, Ghalib said, \"As long as we have adequate stocks.\" Replying to another question pertaining to China's growing influence in the region, and ways to counter it, the ambassador was of the view that the combined population of India and Indonesia is more than 1.5 billion, and together both the nations can make a positive impact. \"India is rich in human resources and technology, while we are rich in natural resources, and together, both of us would complement each other,\" said the retired Lt General.Ghalib had also been to Varanasi during this trip and had interaction with the local businessmen. In addition to Varanasi, the ambassador also narrated his trips to Agra and Haridwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13184316", "title": "AIADMK celebrates first year in power with pomp and show", "text": "MADURAI: With the AIADMK completing one year in office, party workers in the city were on a celebration as they showered the public with sweets on Wednesday. Madurai mayor V V Rajan Chellappa and party workers paid floral tributes to an MGR statue in Anna Nagar, where party workers let fly balloons carrying the party insignia.Later, the mayor and others distributed sweets to the people. In another area, the functionaries inaugurated a campaign van to propagate the achievements of the AIADMK regime. Local functionaries held celebrations in all wards in the corporation. In a few areas, party workers surprised passengers in buses as they started distributing sweets there too. Similar celebrations were held in the rural parts of the district.As part of the one-year achievements, the district public relations office has said Rs 107.18 crore has been distributed on welfare measures for 2.11 lakh beneficiaries in the district. According to the press statement, 7.76 lakh ration cardholders were provided with free rice from the government. The DPRO stated that 69,000 cardholders in the district were given free mixie-grinders and fans. Under the free laptop distribution scheme, out of 54,049 identified beneficiaries, 13,541 students had received laptops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13191900", "title": "Youth shot at, robbed of Rs 4.4 lakh", "text": "PANCHKULA: A person was shot at by one of four miscreants in a white Zen in broad daylight and was robbed of Rs 4,40,000 on Wednesday in Sector 12, Panchkula. He had reached the house of his employer, Hari Om, after withdrawing the amount from a bank in Sector 11, Panchkula, on the latter's directions. The person, identified as Brij Mohan, 24, was referred to the PGI, Chandigarh where his condition is stated to be critical.This strike had the signature style of the White Zen Gang, that is active in Panchkula.\"It was around 1.10pm that Mohan came out of the bank after withdrawing the amount. He had to hand over the money to his boss at his residence in Sector 12, Panchkula. But the four miscreants reportedly started following him,\" said inspector Karamvir Singh, in-charge of crime investigating agency.He added, \"When he parked his bike outside his employer's house, three youths in the age group of 20-25 stepped out of the car and snatched his bag. When Mohan resisted, one of them shot at him and then they fled with the bag.This is what we came to know from the eyewitnesses on the spot as Mohan's condition is critical.\"Mohan's liver has been damaged and the bullet was still lodged in his body at the time of filing of the report. Mohan, who is unmarried works as an accountant in Om's showroom in Sector 29, Chandigarh.\"I heard the noise of firing and when I came out of the house with my brother, we saw Mohan lying. We then hurriedly informed our neighbours,\" said Alisha, a neighbour of Hair Om. Hari Om said that he wanted Mohan to get alright and that no one had followed him before.\"It seems one of the miscreants had gone inside the bank to find out how much money Mohan had withdrawn. So we have asked for the CCTV footage from the bank too,\" said another officer.\"It seems to be the handiwork of the White Zen Gang, who has made similar attempts in the city before too. We are working on this case and will crack it soon,\" said assistant commissioner of police, Dheeraj Setia who had gone to the spot.\"Our investigations are on,\" said DCP Parul Kush Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189123", "title": "Log on to find out about Sanskrit colleges", "text": "BANGALORE: Now students sitting in remote parts of the country can access information about Sanskrit colleges in Karnataka. Karnataka Samskrit College launched its website on Wednesday - www.ksu.ac.in -- which contains detailed information about Sanskrit colleges, faculty members, courses and syllabus of both UG and PG.\"We are progressing towards a global trend where technology is part of life, but we should not compromise on our culture and traditions. In the 12th Five Year Plan, it was decided to create an online depository system to help those pursuing higher studies. This website comprehensively describes each aspect of shastras, vedas and other details a student needs,\" said YS Siddegowda, registrar, Karnataka Samskrit University.The website is in Kannada, Sanskrit and English. Project manager Sri Venkatasubramanian from Ideas Software and Consulting said, \"Specific Sanskrit courses which one can't find in Bangalore University, are available here. A newsletter will be released every fortnight. This site contains information for students and also teachers, who can post their research work here.\"\"The university's annual report, progress, results, faculty members' details -- everthing is available. The aim of the website is to reach the masses,\" said KM Kaveriappa, executive director of Karnataka State Higher Education Council.Prof SC Sharma, vice-chancellor, Tumkur University and vice-chairman of Karnataka Higher Education Council, said, \"Sanskrit, culture and Indian music are inter-complimentary. We want to help students across the world who are interested in Sanskrit through this website.\"Students can also locate colleges in their taluks, as the website contains maps of districts having Sanskrit colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13193742", "title": "BA, BSc courses fast becoming road less taken", "text": "Hyderabad: With a drastic decline in demand for traditional subjects and life sciences at the undergraduate level, many city colleges have been forced to wind up certain courses and subject combinations in the past few years due to a lack of demand. Traditional subjects like BA economics , history, political science , sociology and public administration and BSc with subjects like botany, zoology, chemistry, biotechnology, biochemistry and microbiology have seen up to a 60% drop in applicants from 2008 onwards.Over the last four to five years, college officials have seen a steep drop in the number of applicants seeking admission in BSc with these subjects. \"There are no takers for botany, zoology and chemistry (BZC) and mathematics, physics, chemistry (MPC) combinations in BSc. The BZC section is almost dead and we had to close down one of the two biotechnology sections around two years back,\" said Fr Emmanuel , principal, Loyola Degree College.Similarly, Wesley Degree College closed the BZC and MPC combinations and Bhavan's Vivekananda College dropped the biotechnology, genetics and chemistry combination from their prospectus some few years back.Officials from city colleges stated that the ratio of seats to applicants for these BSc combinations had gone from 1:4 to 1:1 and, in some cases, even lower than that beginning 2008. In Bhavan's Vivekananda College, the number of applications received for these courses dropped from 250 in 2008 to 61 in just two years and the cutoff percentage has gone down to 55% from 88%. In St Francis, too, there has been no cutoff percentage for these courses for the last three to four years. \"Filling a class of 30 students , too, has become difficult for these subjects in BSc. The BSc genetics, zoology and chemistry section has had no students at all in the last two years. There has been at least a 60% to 70% drop in applications ,\" said an official from Kasturba Gandhi College. Officials from St Mary's College said that in 2005 they had sought permission to add more seats to the existing 39 seats in BSc biotechnology, zoology and the course has only 20 seats now and even these seats are being filled with great difficulty.In arts stream, apart from mass communication and psychology, other traditional subjects seem to have fallen off students' radar. K Dev Anand, principal, Wesley Degree College said, \"We've had to shut down combinations like history, political science, public administration and economics , political science, public administration some years ago as there was hardly any demand for them.\" In a city with over 200 degree colleges , the number of institutes offering B A with traditional subjects is just around 25 to 30.St Francis College, one of the few institutes offering these combinations shut down the economics, public administration and computer applications course around three to four years ago and Loyola Degree College too closed BA with history, sociology and public administration and BA with economics, mathematics and computer science two years ago.Meanwhile colleges like Bhavans, St Mary's and Villa Marie chose to include only B A with mass communication or psychology in the prospectus keeping in view the high marketability of these subjects .Indira Kanakapudi, admissions in-charge , Villa Marie College said, \"Nowadays students only want job-oriented subjects. We have to look at the demand and offer courses as we cannot run a course just for a handful of students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13185651", "title": "BJP wants Amarnath yatra\u2019s duration to be restored to four months", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raising concerns over the progressive curtailment of Amarnath yatra's duration, BJP on Wednesday urged the government to restore it to the original four-month period to enable more people could take part in the pilgrimage.Raising the issue during Zero Hour in Rajya Sabha, leader of the opposition Arun Jaitley said there seemed to be ``a systematic pattern'' to reduce the duration of the Amarnath yatra over the last few years.From four months in the 1950s, the yatra's duration was reduced to 60 days in 2009. Then, it came down to 55 days in 2010, and 45 days in 2011. ``This year, I am given to understand that the effort is to bring it further down to 39 days,'' said Jaitley, adding only 20,000 pilgrims could visit the shrine on a given day.\"It's a yatra that attracts a very large number of pilgrims...it was about eight lakh people last year. All services are provided by the Kashmiri people. So, besides being a great religious event, it also generates a lot of economic activity in the Valley,'' he said, adding that only ``a very small section of separatists'' were against it.Other BJP MPs demanded a reply from the government on the issue, with PM Manmohan Singh being present in the House . However, the demand did not elicit any response from either the PM or any of the ministers present, with the chair holding that it could not direct the government to respond as per the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13202876", "title": "Rakhi Sawant's father passes away", "text": "Item girl Rakhi Sawant lost her father Anand Sawant on May 16. According to sources, her father, a policeman, was unwell for quite sometime and it led to his demise on Wednesday morning, however, the reason of his death hasn't been confirmed as yet.We are told that grief-stricken Rakhi hasn't stepped out of her house since the past two days. To those uninitiated, the item girl was not on cordial terms with her father because he preferred staying with his first wife and didn't take proper care of Rakhi and her siblings. We hear that the last rites of Anand were held at Oshiwara crematorium in Mumbai last evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13177720", "title": "Salaries of Government Medical College and Hospital security guards due since February", "text": "NAGPUR: Security guards at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) have not been paid for four months now. They also allege several irregularities and discrepancies in their mode of payment and salaries.These security men are employed by the Maharashtra Ex- Servicemen Corporation Limited (MESCO) and work at the hospital through the agency. Officials of the agency say that the bills sent to the hospital have not been cleared so they are unable to pay their employees. The hospital authorities say that these bills have been cleared by the state government.\"Our salaries have not been paid since February. The salary we get is also much less than what we are supposed to get. While we should be getting paid Rs 300 per day, we are still being paid Rs 195 per day,\" said one of the guards at the hospital. Another guard said that according to the rules, they should be getting an increment every six months which they have never got since they started serving at GMCH.The regional manager of Pune-based MESCO, Colonel Chittaranjan Chawade confirmed that the guards have not been paid for some months now. \"I have been meeting the dean of the hospital myself over the months to discuss the issue. We can only pay our employees once the principal employers pay us our dues. However, we have spoken to the authorities and the issue will soon be sorted out,\" he said.He also clarified that the six-month increment that is a norm according to the labour laws is made as a dearness allowance. \"If the clients pay us only a certain amount, we cannot put money from our own pocket for this increased pay. If they pay us more, we would not hesitate from paying the arrears to our employees, too,\" he said.Sources from the hospital say that these and many of the outstanding bills have piled up as the hospital is not getting the necessary funds from the state government. \"For any expenditure exceeding Rs 50,000, the dean has to get the bills cleared from the Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER). Hospital authorities send the bills to DMER on a regular basis but the bill has to go through a long process before getting cleared and the funds being allocated to the hospital,\" said a senior doctor from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181463", "title": "Ahmedabad doctors save Nigerian lawyer's eye", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 56-year-old lawyer from Nigeria, Gbenga, had lost his right eye to measles when he was an infant. Recently, he was on the verge of losing his second eye to cataract , however, was saved by city-based eye surgeons.Gbenga's left eye had developed antibodies which led to 'sympathetic opthalmia'- a very rare and serious eye disease. The antibodies that were produced when he lost his vision to measles were now misdirected against his good eye and were out to turn him blind.When Gbenga came to Ahmedabad two years back, he complained of dimness of vision. He was then advised to take high-steroid dose which improved his vision as a result. When he gradually stopped taking the dose, it again resulted in loss of vision. Doctors in Nigeria, too, prescribed high dosage of steroids. Though he was gaining vision, he developed side effects like diabetes , hypertension and blood pressure.He again stopped taking the medicines and this time it was worse. Gbenga had developed a severe condition of cataract, that it was difficult for the doctors to perform normal surgery.Dr Manish Rawal, consulting eye surgeon, said, \"The case was complicated. The antibodies produced by the eye lost to measles were the body's defense proteins. However, in this case they were wrongly directed against his other eye's tissue causing a recurrent inflammation.\"Gbenga was operated on May 10. The surgery took one hour in comparison to the usual time taken for about 15-20 minutes. \"High frequency sound waves (phacoemulsification) were used to break up the lens. Usually the surgery is done without injections, but he had to be given local anaesthesia,\" said Dr Rawal. \"The chances of success were 50-50. We were extra cautious as we could not risk the patient losing his vision. The effort has paid off as he has got back 95 per cent vision.\"Medical treatment being offered to Gbenga needs to be carefully monitored to reduce any side effects and improve visual prediction.Dr Rohan Chauhan, retina specialist, said, \"Now when the steroids are producing intolerable side effects, we are shifting him to an additional therapy called 'immunosuppressive' for long term safety.\"There was a day when he was not able to see even his hand and now after getting operated, he is working all by himself.His support throughout was his wife, who is a trader and earns a living for the entire family. The couple has two kids who are in Nigeria waiting for their dad to come back healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13187206", "title": "JMA to help govt in fighting female feticide", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Medical Association (JMA) has decided to lend a helping hand to the state government in fighting against female feticide.JMA said it would not support the doctors, who are involved in sex selection and female feticide and they will help the government in taking action against such doctors who are found involved in sex selection and female feticide practices.\"If we find any such case in which a doctor is involved in female feticide and sex selection, we will not support him or her but rather we will support the government against the doctor,\" JMA president Dr Rakesh Jain said.He informed that the radiologist society, the gynecologist society, the private nursing home society, working under the banner of JMA has taken the decision.Moreover, JMA claimed that majority of the doctors are not involved in such act. But, they also admit that there are black sheep in every community. JMA secretary Dr S S Joshi said, \"All doctors involved in the offence of female feticide and sex selection should get rigorous punishment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178509", "title": "RBI opens additional counters for tax payers", "text": "KANPUR: Keeping in view of last days rush of income tax payers the Reserve bank of India has opened additional counters and asked the tax payers to deposit their income tax dues in advance well before the last date.Rajeev Dwivedi, deputy general manager (banking) of Reserve bank of India informed that facility for depositing income tax by cash or cheque was available at 145 branches of public sector banking including State bank of India and at 3 branches of private sector banks. The list of those branches had been pasted outside the premises of Reserve bank of India and also at branches of other commercial banks. He urged the people to take maximum advantage of these arrangements and deposit the taxes well before the last day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13179574", "title": "4 nabbed with marijuana from mayor's house", "text": "AMRAVATI: Gadge Nagar police nabbed four persons with two bags of marijuana from the mayor's official bungalow located on Amravati University road in the wee hours of Wednesday.The names of the accused are Vishveshwar Parwan, Suraj Parwan and Swaraj Mohanty, residents of Sambalpur in Orissa and Shaikh Hasan Shaikh Kasam of Vyankayyapura here.The accused were nabbed from the compound of mayor's residence and 18.6kg marijuana kept in two travel bags was seized from them.The police also seized a motorbike (MH 27/J 2731) from the accused. Mayor Vandana Kangale is presently staying in Adivasi Colony and is yet to shift to her official residence as it is undergoing renovation.Only one security guard has been deployed at the mayor's bungalow for 24 hours. Gadge Nagar police have arrested four accused and registered offences against them under relevant sections of Narcotics Drug Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13179084", "title": "West Indian cricketers rule IPL 5 charts", "text": "The West Indian cricketers are the premium performers of IPL 5. Be it batting, bowling or fielding - the men from the Caribbean have dominated the Twenty20 league.1. Chris Gayle (Team Bangalore): The Jamaican left-hander is the most feared batsman in IPL. A destroyer of bowling and a match-winner, Gayle wears the orange cap being the edition's leading scorer. His 578 runs with seven half-centuries this season have come at a strike rate of 150.52. Phew!2. Sunil Narine (Team Kolkata): He is IPL's rookie of the season. And he is a premier reason why SRK's team is in a decent place. Nobody has been able to dominate, let alone master, the Trinidadian off-break bowler with the strange hairdo. His economy rate 5.29 is the best among all bowlers with 10 or more games this season.3. Dwayne Bravo (Team Chennai): It isn't just the last ball six he smote to pull off an unlikely triumph against Team Kolkata the other night. Bravo is captain's MS Dhoni's go-to man in death overs too. The Trinidadian also has the best batting average and second best strike rate after Albie Morkel in Team Chennai. A superlative fielder too.4. Kieron Pollard (Team Mumbai): This isn't his best season. But as the big unit from Trinidad showed in the last game against Team Hyderabad, his power hitting skills are intact. His 13 wickets haven't harmed his team's cause either. Like Bravo, an exceptional fielder.5. Dwayne Smith (Team Mumbai): A late replacement, Smith made a match-winning impact in his very first game against Chennai. The Barbadian's 6, 4, 4 off the last three balls against big Aussie Ben Hilfenhaus of Team Chennai will be remembered long by those who watched it live.6. Kevon Cooper (Team Rajasthan): The 23-year-old from Trinidad made an immediate impact in IPL 5 with batting, bowling and enthusiasm before injury felled him. A four-wicket haul against Team Punjab in his very first game was his season's highlight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13190357", "title": "Varsities told to help conserve eco system", "text": "DHARWAD: Anant Hegde Ashisar, chairman, Western Ghat Task Force, has called upon universities and colleges teaching forestry and researchers to focus on local environmental issues and take up research that will help conserve flora and fauna.Inaugurating a seminar on 'Representation of forest research subjects in the protection of Western Ghats forests' organised at Karnatak University here on Tuesday, Hegde regretted that due to lack of coordination and communication among various agencies, several policy suggestions mooted by experts had not been implemented. He said that it is high time the varsities join hands with the task force and take up environmental issues which would help the government and the forest department frame research policies.Referring to new projects taken up by the task force, Hegde stated that the task force was concentrating on conservation of wild fruits and medicinal herbs. \"Due to rapid deforestation, several wild fruits which have medicinal values are getting extinct. Now, the experts in the task force are identifying endangered wild fruits and are nurturing them in the forest nurseries. Besides, to popularise these fruits to the younger generations, 'Wild fruit melas' are being organized.''A movement to conserve Western Ghat has been launched with focus on youths. As part of the afforestation programme, in June nearly 3 lakh NSS students will plant three lakh sapling in the Western Ghat. Additional general chief conservator of forests D. Selvakumar said that the government would soon constitute a regional advisory committee and state advisory committee for the conservation of Western Ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13185584", "title": "Man safe despite a rod piercing his face", "text": "KOCHI: It was Muhammadali's lucky day on Wednesday. This wood trader from Thevakkal had a miraculous escape from an accident in which a five-metre-long iron rod pierced his face.Muhammadali, 50, is a trader who buys wood and sells them after cutting. The accident occurred when a branch from the top of a tree fell on an iron rod, which in turn bounced off the ground and hit his face.The other workers and witnesses immediately called the 'doctor on spot' service of KIMS Hospital, and Muhammadali was rushed to hospital in 10 minutes.\"If he had taken longer to reach hospital, or if the rod had moved, he could have gone into a coma or paralysis, as the rod had pierced into his skull nearly 5 inches deep and was just one centimetre away from touching his spinal cord.But thanks to the hospital team, the rod has been removed and he is out of danger now,\" said a hospital staff.Muhammadali was treated by a team of experienced doctors including neurosurgeon Dr Rajesh Nair, general surgeon Dr Shibu Mon and orthosurgeon Dr Bibu George.\"It is just luck. And we thank the hospital for its timely action. We got the news only after he was admitted to hospital,\" said Kabir, Muhammadali's son, who is a taxi driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13188192", "title": "Ranjitha deposes in suit against seer", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor Ranjitha recorded her statements before a city magistrate court in connection with her defamation complaint against Kanchi Sankaracharya Jayendra Saraswathi.Deposing before chief metropolitan magistrate Nizar Ahamed, Ranjitha said the Kanchi acharya had made malicious statements attributing indecent motive to her relationship with godman Nithyananda. The magistrate then adjourned the matter to June 6, when another witness cited by Ranjitha will be examined and his statement recorded. Once it is over, the court could issue summons to the Kanchi seer.Ranjitha's complaint was returned on Friday last as she was not present when her case was called by additional chief metropolitan magistrate V P Ravindran. She returned on Monday and presented her complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13177103", "title": "Jaya-Rekha Silsila moments irk MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha TV came under attack from members of the Upper House for what they called the \"mischievous\" manner in which it had covered movie star Rekha's swearing-in on Tuesday.The public-funded channel zoomed in on Samajwadi Party member Jaya Bachchan, while her colleague from Bollywood took oath as a nominated member of the House.Though quite bold from the usual staid style of official channels, the frame caught the attention of many members who saw it through the prism between the characters that the two ladies had played in Yash Chopra's blockbuster from the '80s, Silsila, a love triangle, which had Amitabh Bachchan as the protagonist.It seems that the House of Elders was not amused, with the matter being strongly taken up with the chairman, Hamid Ansari , at the meeting he held with representatives of political parties on Wednesday morning. Members cutting across party lines are learnt to have objected to the coverage.Raising the issue, BJP member Maya Singh sought an explanation from Rajya Sabha Secretariat on why the TV channel used such a 'footage' which was not in good taste. The BJP whip in the House, who was supported by members of other parties like N K Singh (JD-U), is learnt to have said that coming from an official channel, the \"mischievousness\" was not acceptable.They pointed out private news channels that picked up that particular footage and looped it, probably to cause acute discomfiture of the MPs under focus.Others too demanded an explanation from the Rajya Sabha Secretariat, while a protest was lodged also with the minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla.Sources said that Rajya Sabha TV CEO, on being summoned by the chairman, clarified that the channel was not responsible for the controversial shots. He said that live proceedings continued to be covered by Doordarshan. The explanation was accepted by the Rajya Sabha Secretariat, raising the possibility that the matter be closed. More so since Jaya Bachchan herself had not formally complained to the Rajya Sabha Secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13188499", "title": "Conflicting versions on Ramajayam death", "text": "CHENNAI: \"Death was due to cumulative effect of strangulation and head injuries. We are inclined to believe the forensic report and not the family members on the time of death,\" said the official.There were other contradictions between the family's statements and the forensic findings as well. While the family claims he had stopped drinking five years ago, the medical report said there were traces of liquor in multiple organs including kidney, indicating he would have consumed liquor at least three to four hours before his death. This moves the scene of the crime to the previous night of March 28.Police inquiries reveal he would have left his house on his own, most probably on foot, between 10 and 11 pm on March 28. \"The way his limbs were found tied with wire and tape, we feel the murder should have taken place in a spacious place, perhaps a house. He was certainly not murdered on the river bank. We could not find any such trace where the body was found,\" said a source.Police said one of the last calls the victim made was to a person identified as Shaji, a friend of a former DMK minister's son, to whom Ramajayam had lent money. It was around 9.30 pm on March 28.He was upset over the delay in repayment. \"But we do not know if he called anybody else because he used to operate with multiple SIM cards. He had used some 30 SIM cards in a single IMEI number (read mobile phone),\" said another official.Police have questioned more than 300 people in connection with the case so far. One angle which is being pursued is a real estate transaction between Ramajeyam and an influential lobby in Coimbatore which went wrong.Police had engaged some independent telecommunication experts too to track the killers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13179074", "title": "Pardi vegetable market to be relocated", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal on Wednesday convened a meeting to shift 'illegal' vegetable market from Pardi-Bhandara road. In fact, the vegetable market has been causing huge traffic problems on this busy road, including accidents.However, to resolve the problem, NMC had identified an open place in the area, which incidentally was demarcated for market place. The land is owned by Nagpur Improvement Trust which has also given a no-objection certificate to NMC for developing a vegetable market. Now NMC will start with transfer of development right of the land process, it was informed during a meeting convened by the civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal.JNNURM projects, e-governance schemes, revenue collections of market departments and other issues were also discussed. Meanwhile, the anti-encroachment squad razed encroachments in Kachipura, Ramdaspeth area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13179095", "title": "Ask government to defer call on 2G entry fee: JPC members", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cutting across party lines, Congress, BJP and CPI members of the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on telecom have urged panel chair P C Chacko to ask the government to put on hold any decision on enhanced entry fees for fresh 2G auction.The JPC members told Chacko the committee should first question the just retired Trai chairperson J S Sarma, who has recommended a 13-fold hike in the base price for 2G airwaves, and his successor former commerce secretary Rahul Khullar. They said it was the committee's remit to suggest a roadmap for the sector.Congress MP Manish Tewari told the committee that Sarma and Khullar should be asked about issues that the government has referred back to the regulator in the wake of Trai seeking a manifold increase in entry fees in comparison to the rates set during former telecom minister A Raja's tenure.CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta pointed out that the regulator should be asked about reports that telecom firms were exerting pressure on the government not to accept the Trai recommendations. He said role of private operators should be examined by the committee.Dasgupta had also recently written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on telecom companies strongly campaigning against the proposed reserve price for 2G spectrum auctionFormer finance minister Yashwant Sinha agreed with the two members and said Chacko should write to the telecom ministry not to take a view on Trai recommendations, unless the JPC had formed an opinion or at least heard both Sarma and Khullar who could be called by the panel on either May 22 or 29.The rare convergence between the three major parties and the more active members of the JPC might force the government to take a serious view of the panel's recommendations. While Chacko could not be contacted, committee members felt that he would heed the overwhelming mood of the senior MPs on the panel.The discussion on Trai and the fresh auctions ordered by the Supreme Court after cancelling the tainted 2G licences allotted during Raja's controversial stint as telecom minister came at the end of an examination of former Trai chairperson Justice S S Sodhi, who was the regulator from 1997 to 2000.Sodhi is reported to have told the committee that the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government decided to allow telecom operators to migrate from a fixed licence fee to a revenue-sharing regime without formally consulting the regulator although there were some informal parleys.The former Trai head said the NDA regime also decided to separate the regulatory and adjudicatory functions of the regulator as it was finding the arrangement to be inconvenient. He said the NDA found the regulator to be an interloper in its domain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13183028", "title": "Three-year-old raped, killed in Vijapur", "text": "PALANPUR: The body of a three-year-old girl was found lying in the fields in Falu village, some 15 km from Vijapur in Mehsana district early on Wednesday morning.The girl went missing since on Tuesday after had gone to a nearby shop with her grandparents to have soft drinks, said in-charge police sub-inspector of Vijapur MM Parmar.Post-mortem reports revealed that that the girl was sexually assaulted before being murdered.Her father, Chaturji Dharsinh Rathod, has filed a complaint with the police.However, she went missing and the whole family made desperate attempts to search for her throughout the night. At last, her body was found lying in the field of one Amrut Patel, said Parmar.\"We have called in Forensic Science Experts and dog squad to trace the culprit,\" said J R Mothaliya, superintendent of police, Mehsana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13187607", "title": "Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender community to hold vigil in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: They are yet to find acceptance in society and are discriminated against in educational institutions and workplaces. To highlight the issues they face and to mark the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia, members of the Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender (LGBT) community in the city will hold acandlelight vigil on Thursday evening.Organised by Chennai Dost, a support group for gay and bisexual men, 'Stop Homophobia /Transphobia' , seeks to create more awareness about the LGBT community. \"We want more people to understand alternate sexuality and gender issues,\" says Vikranth Prasanna, founder, Chennai Dost.LGBT organisations that are part of the Chennai Rainbow Coalition have got together to mark the international day for the first time. \"Homophobia and transphobia exist in society. We get to know of numerous instances where LGBT people are bullied in college campuses because of their sexual identity ,\" says Prasanna. \"Two weeks ago, a man working in the corporate sector killed himself as he could not bear the ridicule and harassment he faced in his office and in his neighbourhood because he was gay.\"Homophobia exists in Chennai also, say activists. \"While some people are overt in their dislike, others are more subtle,\" says Sunil Menon, founder of Sahodaran, a male sexual health project. The harassment they face at educational institutions because of their sexual identity force many students to drop out of school and college. \"The teaching staff is not sensitised so they don't reach out to these students,\" says Menon.Housing and employment are other issues. \"Tamil Nadu is better than other states and has recognised the rights of transgenders but we still find it difficult to rent houses,\" says sexual rights activist Rose Venkatesan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13192375", "title": "A drive to keep diseases at bay", "text": "KOCHI: With the monsoon on its way, the district health department is slowly waking up to preventive activities to ensure that monsoonborne diseases do not create havoc here. As a first step in this direction the pre-monsoon cleaning drive will begin on Thursday with a slew of programmes.As a prelude to the season of diseases, Tuesday saw a total of 443 fever cases in different hospitals across the district, of which 26 were hospitalized. There were 103 diarrhoea cases and 14 of these patients needed hospitalization.At a meeting presided over by the health minister last week, the district medical officer had admitted that water and mosquito-borne diseases were on the rise in the district. Yet, the efforts to make the water supply system safe have not been implemented fully in Ernakulam.Like in every pre-monsoon drive of the health department, meetings at various levels are given prominence this year too. Meetings of members from local bodies with NGOs and others will be held in the coming days to bring monsoon-related health activities to the grassroots level. All wards have been allotted Rs 10,000 under the NRHM scheme to provide adequate facilities to tackle monsoon-related problems.Dengue fever, leptospirosis, hepatitis, viral fever, mumps, diarrhoea, typhoid and H1N1 are the disease likely to hit Ernakulam during the June-September period.Though a few panchayats in Kothamangalam faced the attack of hepatitis cases last year, health officials said that there were not many hot spots in the district to take preventive measures now. \"Udayamperoor has reported a f e w dengue fever cases, but the m o s q u i t o menace is comparatively less now. We are focu s i n g o n spreading awareness among the public to take precautionary measures like drinking boiled water and keeping sanitation,\" said Dr Haseena Muhammed, additional district medical officer. \"Keep a tab on what you eat and drink, and keep the diseases at bay,\" said the health authorities, as monsoon is expected to lash the state by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13186557", "title": "For Mammootty now, less is more", "text": "KOCHI: Actor Mammootty, realizing that his screen presence alone won't do the trick, is searching for strong scripts to fuel a flagging career. Henceforth, he has made it clear, he will commit himself only to movies that have a riveting story to tell.The sudden change of course means bruised egos, and worse, for many people in Mollywood. Directors of many upcoming Mammootty films are busy trying to salvage their pet projects after the superstar decided to postpone over a dozen projects indefinitely. The actor has given these directors an ultimatum to first make their scripts stronger before starting these ventures. He has, meanwhile, advanced some bankable projects that were to go on the floors a couple of years later.Mammootty decided not to compromise on scripts after the failure of some of his recent releases. While many superstar films flopped in the last couple of years, many low budget films with less-known stars made a splash at the box office thanks to a strong storyline.While some of the new projects have been cancelled, other films are being drastically reworked. \"It is films by directors like Lal Jose and Ranjith that have been advanced. While some of the projects by debutant directors have been cancelled, some others were asked to effect changes in the storyline,\" a source close to Mammootty said.While director V M Vinu had to wind up his latest film Ganapathy, Deepan, the director of News Maker, has been asked to effect necessary changes in the script before the shooting can begin. \"There are some changes in the project. So we postponed it to the next year,\" Deepan said.Vinu confirmed that Ganapathy which was to start last month has been abandoned. \"Now, we are planning another project with a new subject. The film with Mammootty in the lead will start by the end of the year,\" he said. Amal Neerad's Hammer, Sickle and Star will also be delayed. But the director has another reason to cite. \"It is the unavailability of dates of Mammootty and Prithviraj who do the lead roles that led to uncertainty over the starting of the film,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13180952", "title": "Sion Hospital not hit by blood bank ban", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic authorities on Tuesday said that the Sion Hospital managed to perform 322 planned as well as emergency surgeries without a functional blood bank.The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had suspended the hospital's blood bank licence for a week after a probe found that wrong transmission could have resulted in the death of a cancer patient in November last year.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said that 199 planned and 123 emergency surgeries were carried out in the last five days. The hospital also carried out 137 deliveries and consumed about 231 units of blood, collected from KEM, Nair and JJ hospitals. The suspension order will remain in force till May 17.Mhaiskar said that the closure of blood bank did not affect the surgeries as patient flow usually dips during this time of the year. \"Many leave for vacations, so planned surgeries are less. Comapred to last year, there is not even a 10% dip in surgeries due to the blood bank issue,\" she said. She added that patients have been divided into two categories and blood is procured from other hospitals accordingly. Around 17 patients requiring emergency care were shifted from the Sion to KEM Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13186031", "title": "Five held for duping bank", "text": "KOCHI: Five persons were arrested by the city police for attempting to present forged bank guarantee of Rs 10 crore before Central Bank of India at M G Road in order to import electronic goods.According to the police, the accused had prepared the forged bank guarantee of Rs 10 crore in name of Central Bank of India at Paruapara branch, Kolkata.The fraud came to light when the manager of the MG Road branch verified the details of the documents presented by the accused with the Paruapara branch, which confirmed that their branch had not issued any such guarantee. The probe team comprised Deputy Commissioner of Police T Gopalakrishna Pillai, Assistant Commissioner Sunil Jacob, Circle Inspector D S Suneesh Babu and Sub Inspector A Ananthalal.Based on the complaint lodged by the bank, the central police station conducted a detailed probe into it.The police nabbed the accused after contacting them over phone by introducing themselves as bank staff.The arrested were identified as S D Thyagarajan,37, of G V D Palayam, Coimbatore, P Kalamegham,42, of Ramanathapuram, Coimbatore, M Kumaraswamy,47, of Kankkeyam Road, Tirupur and Unnikrishnan,43, of Mannathumangalam, Perinthalmana. Police said they had seized lap tops and pen drives from the accused and it will be handed over to the Forensic Science Laboratory for examination. Police suspect more persons in the racket and a detailed probe will be carried out in Mumbai, Kolkata and Bangalore. Police will seek the custody of the accused for conducting detailed interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13191874", "title": "RTE queries? Call this helpline", "text": "MYSORE: The confusion among students and parents over getting seats under RTE quota still persists, even when the last date to apply for admissions in unaided schools under the Act is just a week away.P Pushpavathi, a homemaker, said she neither knows as to what documents are required to get her son admitted for I Std in an unaided school, nor the contacts of persons to clear RTE-related doubts.Pushpavathi, wife of Shivkumar, a farmer residing in Gangothri Layout, told TOI that she consulted some private schools for admission. However, the school authorities did not oblige her, claiming that RTE quota is not applicable for minority administered schools. \"I don't know which unaided school near my house comes under the ambit of RTE,\" she said, adding that many people, like her, are also not fully aware of RTE.When contacted, deputy director of public instructions department Basavaraju said they have opened a helpline to attend to RTE-related complaints or clarify doubts of seat aspirants. For any query, the aspirants can contact subject inspector Krishna on 9964380935.Basavaraju said application forms can either be received from schools or from the respective block education officers for admissions to schools under RTE. But they will have to compulsorily produce income certificate. In Mysore district, 4,507 unaided schools have been identified, and 5,601 I Std seats have been reserved there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179371", "title": "Protest by station masters throws rail services off track", "text": "PUNE: Train services on the Lonavla-Pune-Baramati route were affected for 45 minutes on Wednesday morning, between 10.15 am and 11 am, as the All India Station Master's Association (AISMA) held demonstrations protesting against the attack on Pimpri station master on early Wednesday morning.Trains that were delayed due to the sudden protest included Lonavla-Pune-Lonavla local trains, Mumbai-Pune Deccan express and Mumbai-Bangalore Udyan express. Trains stopped on tracks as the signaling system was turned off.Divisional secretary of AISMA Rajkumar Garware condemned the attack on Pimpri station master R P Gupta. He alleged that the railway administration failed to provide urgent medical assistance to Gupta, who was attacked by unidentified persons while he was on duty. He said, despite requests, the administration did not take steps to hold talks with the association. \"The administration's failure forced us to call an agitation.\"\"The attack took place around 3.45am at Pimpri station. However, ambulance and medical assistance of the railway hospital reached the spot only at 6.30am. We requested the administration to hold talks with us before 10am to discuss this issue. They failed to keep the deadline, so we decided to go ahead with the agitation. The signaling system was stopped for about 30 minutes, starting from 10.15am\".Vishwajeet Kirtikar, another office-bearer of AISMA, said there was no intention to disturb the services. \"We did not want passengers to suffer. We wanted to attract the administration's attention towards this alarming issue. The railway staff and passengers often face problems as people create nuisance at stations and on trains.The existing strength of the government railway police (GRP) and railway protection force (RPF) deployed at various stations is not sufficient. The administration should take up the issue of safety and security of passengers on priority level, said Garware.Garware said similar incidents have taken place at Pimpri station on earlier occasions, too. Many passengers have registered complaints of thefts and nuisance at the station. A number of stations in Pune division are vulnerable to such incidents. The administration must step up security in these stations to avoid such incidents in future.Public relation officer of Pune division Y K Singh said the railways top officials visited the venue and reviewed the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13187377", "title": "Women self-help groups protest central kitchen scheme", "text": "NASHIK: Claiming that the central kitchen scheme of the state government for mid-day meals in schools was aimed at helping the capitalists, Nandu Aher of the women's self-help group (SHG) Mahila Bachatgat Sanghatana demanded that the idea be scrapped in the interest of poor women who earned their daily bread through the scheme for the last ten years.Representatives of SHGs active in Nashik tehsil (both rural and urban) held a day-long dharna in front of the collectorate demanding scrapping of the central kitchen scheme. \"The state government, after successful implementation of mid-day meal scheme through SHGs, has now created space for capitalists. It was evident from the tender floated and the terms and conditions, which demanded 1,500 sq feet of land and Rs 10 lakh as deposit. This will render jobless nearly 5,000 women in Nashik city aloneas the central kitchen system is meant for urban areas. We have demanded that the scheme should be scrapped,\" Aher said.Presenting the memorandum to collector P Velrasu, the women said they were shocked when NCP leader Supriya Sule asked them to look for other avenues when they raised the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13188375", "title": "Saligao poll violence: Two migrants beaten", "text": "CALANGUTE: Two persons were injured in poll-related violence in Saligao on Wednesday. It is learnt that the incident occurred in Ward No 5 after a group of migrant labourers were returning from voting.Outgoing sarpanch of Saligao, Lucas Remedios, informed TOI that the migrant labourers were residing in a room in his house and were voting for his candidate which is why they were targeted by a rival candidate's workers. While some of the labourers managed to escape from the scene, two of them suffered injuries and were rushed to the Candolim primary health centre. Their names were given as Yashwant Talkatkar, 44, and Santosh Gawde, 36. Since the ward is reserved for an OBC candidate, Lucas Remedios said he had fielded his nominee in the ward. He said workers of a rival candidate first warned the labourers against voting and then assaulted them after they had voted. Counter complaints were lodged at the Calangute police station. Further investigations are in progress.The elections to the panchayats in the coastal areas of Candolim, Pilerne, Saligao, Nerul and Verem were a peaceful affair otherwise with no untoward incident reported anywhere. Short queues were witnessed in the morning, but by noon, the crowds had abated and turned into a trickle.Speaking to TOI, Candolim sarpanch Fermino Fernandes said the turnout was a bit low because many people had gone out of state on holiday. A lot of interest had been generated during this panchayat election because of the panels floated by workers affiliated to the ruling BJP.But, it was apparent on voting day that individual popularity mattered more, with voters voicing sentiments that they would choose their own local leaders rather than those foisted on them from above. The postponement of elections to the Calangute panchayat also had a sobering effect on the atmosphere in the coastal belt, said sources. There was a holiday mood near the polling booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13189167", "title": "Monks fear Tawang projects will defile sacred Buddhist spots", "text": "GUWAHATI: Buddhist monks of Arunachal Pradesh have asked Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde to scrap the hydroelectric power projects proposed to be constructed in Tawang as they would desecrate many sacred Buddhist spots in the district. Lamas under the banner of Save Mon Region Federation (SMRF) met Shinde recently in New Delhi and raised their concern over 13 hydroelectric projects planned in Tawang, the birthplace of the VIth Dalai Lama.The 400-year old Tawang monastery, highly revered in the Mahayana sect of Buddhism, is among the many sacred Buddhist spots in the district. The monastery, founded by Merak Lama Lodre Gyatso in 1680-1681AD on the wish of fifth Dalai Lama, stands on the spur of a hill about 10,000 feet above sea level. Tawang is also strategically important location for its proximity to Mac Mahon Line and China frequently claiming the area as southern Tibet.\"The spiritual and cultural heritage of Tawang is of great concern to the Mon community. This is the birthplace of the VIth Dalai Lama and is believed to have been visited by saint Padmasambhava. Besides, there are a number of holy sites associated with our saints along the Tawang Chu and Nyamjangs Chu river basin. These holy mountains and sacred landscapes will be affected by the proposed dams. We are against such desecration of our sacred land,\" SMRF general secretary Lobsang Gyatso said.Pointing out that Centre had scrapped proposals for three dams on the Ganga due to religious sentiments, Gyatso said: \"Similar steps should be taken to ensure that our sacred sites in Tawang and elsewhere in Arunachal Pradesh are not defiled. He added that the 1750MW Demwe hydroelectric project was also planned close to the holy site Parshuram Kund in Arunachal Pradesh.SMRF said that discontent and anger of the people of Tawang against large number of hydroelectric projects would only benefit China, which claims the place as part of its territory. \"People of Tawang have faith in the Union of India, but situations like these are instilling discontent and dissatisfaction among citizens. This is perhaps exactly the kind of sentiment China is banking on when it claims Tawang time and again,\" Gyatso said. He said that apart from environmental degradation and desecration of sacred places, the hydel projects would not help the people of Tawang as the electricity generated would be channelled outside.SMRF was also concerned that these projects could jeopardize the area's \"cultural dynamics\" and the influx of migrant labourers would undermine the rights of indigenous people. \"Tawang's population is barely 49, 950 and the 13 projects are set to bring in a peak labour force of over 100,000 people. This will ruin the cultural dynamics of the area where the rights of indigenous people have been constitutionally safeguarded,\" SMRF said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhandara ", "code": "13178972", "title": "Notices served to 14 corrupt central ministers: Anna Hazare", "text": "BHANDARA : \"Fourteen central ministers involved in corruption have been served notices. If they do not give a reply by June, we will launch an agitation against them in Delhi. One of the ministers, Praful Patel is representing the Bhandara-Gondia parliamentary constituency,\" said anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare in a press conference held at the Circuit House on Tuesday.The Gandhian alleged that apart from the ministers, 163 members of parliament too are involved in corruption and that there is substantial evidence to nail them.\"Corruption has become the order of the day. The government spends 80% of the money on administration and just 20% on development. This practice should be the other way round. Politicians, government servants and those in the corridors of power loot money from the government exchequer. They get elected to the state assemblies and Parliament by using money and muscle power. Persons with devotion, dedication and commitment must be elected. I will wholeheartedly support such candidates,\" said Anna.\"People of the state and the country have no future in the present regime. Our demand is the Lokayukta in the states and Lokpal at the centre but the government is unwilling. Now, we have decided not to approach the government. If the government wants to meet us, we are ready but we will not go to them. To eradicate corruption, Lokpal and Lokayukta are the only way out,\" said Anna.\"In Maharashtra, thousands of hectares of forest land is sold or grabbed by politicians and forest officials. This is the reason for Naxalism in the state. Naxals are resorting to violence and killing their own people in the name of revolution. They must refrain from violence and join the main stream to solve the problems of common man. I'm willing to be the go between the government and Naxals if asked to do so.\"\"Yoga guru Ramdev Baba will be launching an agitation on June 4 to get the Lokpal Bill passed and recovery of thousands of crores illegally stashed in foreign bank accounts,\" said Anna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194659", "title": "Web design firm MD held for forging documents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two fake document rackets were busted and four persons arrested , including the managing director (MD) of two city-based web designing firms, on Wednesday. Acting on a specific alert, Task Force sleuths apprehended the MD, K Hari Krishna Reddy of LB Nagar, and his associate Majid Ali of Malakpet when they were waiting to meet a customer near Niagara Hotel in Chaderghat on Wednesday.During interrogation, Reddy confessed that he runs two web designing firms, Enrise System Pvt Ltd, Baghlingampally , and Stillwater Commerce, Hyderguda, and was involved in preparing fake support documents, including bank statements, work experience certificates, appointment letters, salary slips and IT returns, by charging up to Rs two lakh from needy people , Task Force inspector R G Shiva Maruthi said.To get customers, Reddy was utilizing the services of Majid Ali. During the raids on the firms, police seized four passports, 27 fake stamps and several fake certificates. The arrested persons along with the seized property were handed over to the Chaderghat police.In a related development, a Task Force team apprehended Khaja Salahuddin , a real estate agent, and Gulam Safdar Quadeer, a passport agent, from their houses in Chandrayangutta.For the past few years, the duo had been preparing fake SSC, Inter and degree certificates of various universities by charging amounts between Rs 1200 and Rs 1600. Police seized a computer , a printer, two cellphones, 34 fake educational certificates from their possession. The duo was handed over to the Chandrayangutta police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13180772", "title": "Schools, parents panic over Maharashtra government's order on implementing Right to Education Act", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's sudden announcement asking schools to redo their admission process at the entry level has left schools as well as parents in a state of panic. While schools are worried about accommodating students at the last moment, parents are hassled about going through the entire process all over again.\"The directive should have come long back, especially when the government knows the process in most schools get done by mid-March. How do we explain this procedure to parents who have confirmed seats with us?\" asked Lalitha Hariharan, principal, Rizvi Springfield in Bandra (W). Most schools were worried about the chaos over the new rule. \"The government is expecting too many things at the last moment from schools. How do we balance everything?\" she said.Educationists are blaming the government for its lax behaviour on implementation of various clauses of the Right to Education (RTE) Act. \"The Supreme Court never directed any stay on the admission procedure, why didn't the government make the clause compulsory for schools this year itself? Now, by suddenly bringing up the matter when schools have finished their admission procedure, makes no sense,\" said Jayant Jain, president, Forum for Fairness in Education. He added that if the government reduces the reservation clause for the year, there may be a chance to incorporate students from weaker sections of society in schools. \"It is possible for schools to accommodate four to five students in every class, but 25% is impossible to attain now,\" he added.Parents are worried about losing out on seats that they have got after going through procedures at various schools. \"How does the government expect schools to make way for new students when schools have already finished their admission process? We have spent a lot of time and energy in getting a seat in a school of our choice. We will take the matter to court if we have to,\" said Rajneesh Batra, who has sought admission for his four-year-old daughter to a school in Juhu.Schools are also worried about covering up costs for the 25% students who will seek admission in their schools. \"While the government is only paying a small amount in the name of fees, what about the rest of the expenses? Our revenues will be drained by half, how do we cover up for the remaining expenses? We will have to depend on a fee hike from the remaining 75% students,\" said the managing trustee of a school in Navi Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13191421", "title": "Course on NCERT syllabus begins", "text": "MANGALORE: The eight-day bridge course for students, who want to take up science stream for PUC, began on the Adyar campus of Sahyadri Educational Institutions (SEI) here on Wednesday. The course, organized by SEI, will help the participants acquaint with the new NCERT syllabus, which will be followed from the forthcoming academic year.Manjunath Bhandary, the chairman SEI, advised the students to follow their dreams and pursue what they aspire to achieve in life. He asked them not to take up science under peer or parental pressure. \"Most students, who do so, are not able to cope with the demands that should be met for learning science,\" he added. He also stressed upon self introspection which is of utmost importance to excel in career or life.Darryl Tauro, the assistant placement officer of Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management conducted a group activity for the students to get familiarize with each other. About 75 students from various schools in and around Mangalore and their parents participated in the inauguration programme. Umesh Bhushi, principal of Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management, presided over the inaugural function.After the inauguration, a quiz contest for the students was held. Principal of Sahyadri PU College Naveen, programme coordinator Pramod Kini and student welfare officer Shruthakeerthiraj were present.Resource person for the Thursday's session is Harish Bhat, an author and professor of physics. The state government has taken a decision to implement NCERT syllabus for PUC education from the academic year 2012-2013.BS Moodithaya, retired professor of chemistry, Shreepati Rao, former principal of Expert PU Science College, Sathish Rao, professor of mathematics, Shreekant Prabhu, assistant professor of computer science and engineering, MIT, Manipal, Anil Mascarenas, professor of physics, Mahesh PU College and Sureshnath, professor in biology, St Aloysius College are the resource persons. Ananth Prabhu, coordinator, corporate affairs of Sahyadri will conduct a career guidance seminar on various job avenues in the field of science and technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194618", "title": "Gambling den raided, six persons nabbed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Six persons were arrested on Wednesday for gambling in Owaisipura and Rs 22,400 cash seized from their possession.Acting on a tip-off , Task Force sleuths raided a house at MG Nagar, Owaisipura, and arrested Syed Idrees, of Langer Houz, Mohammed Irfan of Masab Tank, S D Saleem of Tolichowki, Mohammed Imran, Mohammed Mohsin and Mansoor Mohammed Khan of Owaisipura for indulging in 'Teen Patti' . Police seized Rs 22,400 cash and six cellphones from them. They were handed over to the Humayun Nagar police.In another case, a Task Force team raided a house at Shoukath Nagar in Banjara Hills on Tuesday night and arrested Mohammed Afroz, M Jagadish Yadav, of Shoukath Nagar for organising bets on IPL matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13181345", "title": "Training camp for yoga teachers at Tilak Marg", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yoga guru Surakshit Goswami will be conducting a basic teacher-training camp for all those who aspire to be Yoga instructors. This training camp will equip yoga teachers with technical information about various breathing patterns and body postures.The impact of yoga on various ailments and how it works to better the health of an individual will also be discussed at length in the camp. Participants will be given a certificate for 'Basic level teacher-training camp'.The training camp will be held between May 21 and June 8 from 2.30pm to 5.30pm at 4, Tilak Marg, opposite Patiala House court.For registration, interested participants can call 011-23302593.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13188261", "title": "Will not allow auto rickshaws without meter, say police", "text": "JAIPUR: Bet it the regional transport office (RTO) or the city traffic police, everyone creates much hype and hoopla on making it mandatory for auto rickshaws to run on meter. The auto rickshaws, in fear of stringent action, follow it only when the agencies start campaigns.The new deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Lata Manoj Kumar, too, has said she will not allow the auto rickshaws to ply in the city unless they follow the meter system. Though majority of the auto rickshaws have started plying by meter, it is doubtful if it will be adhered to for a very long time.\"There is a desperate need to run campaigns against auto rickshaws on a constant basis. Our campaign will not be short-term, we will carry it on a regular basis and strict action would be taken against the defaulters,\" Kumar said.She accepted that in past there were problems but now the traffic police will constantly monitor the activities of auto drivers.However, commuters claimed that most drivers use various means and tricks for not plying by meter. \"Most of the times they mislead us by saying that travelling by meter will prove costly for us. And even if they run on meter, they tamper with it so they can overcharge us,\" said Sarita Agarwal, a clerk at the secretariat.On the other hand, auto rickshaw unions blamed the lax attitude of RTO and traffic police officials for not being able to enforce the meter system strictly. \"If they can enforce helmets for pillion riders so effectively, why can't they do it for auto rickshaws. We have no problem with it. The fact is that out of 18,000 auto rickshaws in the city, 13,000 have genuine meters and permits from the RTO. The remaining 5,000 are the ones creating trouble,\" said Kuldeep Singh, office bearer of an auto rickshaw union.\"They did so many promotional activities on helmet system. We will cooperate with them provided they identify and remove these 5,000 auto rickshaws which are running illegally,\" Singh added.Even in November 2011, the state government came up with a notification saying all autos would henceforth run on meter. \"It was followed by the traffic police and autowallahs for a month and later everybody forgot about it.EomJaipur: Be it regional transport office (RTO) or the city traffic police, everyone creates much hype and hoopla on making it mandatory for auto rickshaws plying in the city to run through meter system. Though auto rickshaws in fear of strict action follow it only upto when both the agencies start campaigns, it loses its momentum after they witness leniency.The new deputy commissioner of police (Traffic), Lata Manoj Kumar too has said that she will not allow the auto rickshaws to ply in the city without following the meter system. Though, majority of the auto rickshaws have started following it, the consumers still have a doubt if it will go a long way.\"There is a desperate need to run campaigns against auto rickshaws on constant basis. We will not run a campaign of short span but are aiming at running it constantly where strict action would be taken against the defaulters,\" said the DCP (Traffic).She accepted that in past there were problems but traffic police will constantly monitor the activities of the auto rickshaw owners.However, the consumers claimed that most of the auto rickshaw owners use various means and tricks to evade using meter system. \"Most of the time they misled us saying running the vehicle with meter will prove us costly. And even if they run the vehicle through it with tampering of meter, they overcharge us,\" said Sarita Agarwal an LDC at state's secretariat.On the other hand auto rickshaw unions held the dilly dally attitude of RTO and traffic police officials towards enforcing meter system. \"If they can enforce helmet system for pillion riders so effectively, they can do it. We have no problem with it. The basic problem is that out of 18,000 auto rickshaws plying in the city 13,000 has geninue meter and permits from the RTO. And these 5,000 are actually playing a spoilsport,\" said Kuldeep Singh, an office bearer of one of the auto rickshaw union of the city.\"They had done much promotional activity on helmet system. We will cooperate with them provided they should identify and remove these 5,000 auto rickshaws which are running illegally,\" Singh added.Even in November, 2011 the state government came up with a notification saying all autos would henceforth run on meters. \"It was followed by the traffic police and autowallahs for a month and later everybody forgotten.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13189266", "title": "'Nagaland encompasses all Naga areas'", "text": "DIMAPUR: NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) on Wednesday said that the word 'Nagaland' encompasses all 'Naga lands', irrespective of national or international boundary demarcations.\"There is only one Nagaland, which is inclusive of Naga areas in Burma, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur or Assam. Nagaland does not exclude any area or portion of Naga history or people. This is our position on the question of 'Nagaland',\" Alezo Venuh, envoy to collective leadership, NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) said.Stating that his outfit has opened up all diplomatic channels with Naga frontal organizations and tribal hohos, including the United Naga Council (UNC), to brief and be briefed for entrenchment of political and historical rights of the Nagas, Alezo said NSCN (Khole-Kitovi) supports the demand of the UNC for it reflects the genuine grievances of the Naga people living in Manipur.\"If NSCN(IM), through UNC, is demanding an alternative political arrangement from the Government of India for a secure political future for southern Nagas, who can stop the Nagas living in Burma, Arunachal Pradesh or Assam, or for that matter within the present state of Nagaland, from pursuing their political aspirations?,\" he asked.Clarifying its position on the reconciliation process, the outfit said that since the formation of the Forum for Naga Reconciliation ( FNR), the NSCN, led by Khole and Kitovi, has been very vocal that a meaningful reconciliation among the Nagas would not be forthcoming as long as the NSCN(IM) leadership believed in running the reconciliation process and political negotiations parallel to each other.\"The Covenant of Reconciliation (COR) was signed to decrease the differences among Nagas. It was clear from the very outset that the Naga reconciliation process was never a bargaining chip for any group to take advantage of. The reconciliation process includes all sections of Nagas but one cannot say the same about the negotiations between the Government of India and the NSCN(IM) because the Nagas are still in the dark about the core demands and the progress or, rather, the lack of it,\" the envoy said.Alezo further disclosed that in many Joint Working Group (JWG) meetings of the COR in the last four years, the general opinion was that since the political talks were not heading in the right direction, negotiations should be kept in abeyance till the Nagas found a common ground to jointly pursue their common political aspirations.On the reported 'Charter of Demands' submitted to the Government of India by the outfit, Alezo said that it is completely baseless since the first step for them is to consult the Naga people.About the NSCN(IM) refraining from attending the meeting in Chiang Mai, Thailand on May 21, NSCN(Khole-Kitovi) said if there are technical reasons preventing the NSCN(IM) leaders from attending the forthcoming meeting, the outfit would understand. They, however, said the NSCN(IM)'s attempt to sabotage the 14 years of negotiations is unwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13177371", "title": "Nagpur Regional Transport Officer trains 460 starbus drivers for safe driving", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 2 lakh daily commuters of city bus service 'Starbus' can now hope for a safe and mishap-free journey. In a serious attempt to put a brake on rash and negligent driving by city bus drivers, the Regional Transport Officer (Nagpur) came forward and recently conducted special driving training session-cum safety workshop for them.Regional Transport Officer (Nagpur City), Sarjerao Shelke who himself has offered to train city bus drivers for safe driving skills informed that almost 460 drivers were trained during the session. \"We conducted five special sessions wherein guidance on traffic rules, RTO guidelines, and tips about safe driving skills were given to them by experts and RTO officials. City traffic cops also participated in training sessions and gave their valuable tips to drivers about traffic guidelines.Vansh Nimay (VNIL), which operates the NMC-run city bus service, has employed around 600 drivers. \"These drivers have now successfully completed all the assignments and also applying it while driving on road,\" observed Shelke. The city RTO said he had also asked NMC, Starbus and RTO officials to keep checking these drivers' skills after every three months. After such training sessions, now Shelke has plans to propose special workshops on safety and improving personality development skills for the drivers. He also stressed upon the need to conduct regular health check-up camps, especially for eyes and breath analyser tests before and after duty period.A senior NMC official informed that since 2008, almost 93 accidents were reported involving city buses in the city. In 2008, they were involved in 22 mishaps including one fatal, six serious and 15 minor ones. Till May 1, this year, the count is six fatal in which eight persons died, 11 serious and 11 minor ones.Traffic safety cell by Jan AkroshConsumer organization Jan Akrosh has formed a 'City Traffic Safety Cell' with an aim to create awareness among people about safe driving in the backdrop of raising road mishaps due to irresponsible driving.The City Traffic Safety Cell has decided to focus on proper road infrastructure for the safety of pedestrians, two-wheeler and four-wheeler users, Ravi Kaskhediakar, Jan Akrosh secretary informed. The organization is also planning to put up hoardings displaying the number of road fatalities in the city. Those who want to join and participate in the cell can contact Ravi Kaskhedikar (9422105911)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "13190041", "title": "Forum for Naga Reconciliation reiterates commitment to reconciliation", "text": "Dimapur: The Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR) has reiterated its intention to work for the reconciliation of Naga rebel groups on the basis of the historical and political rights of the Nagas.FNR's statement comes in the wake of NSCN(IM) deciding to pull out of the reconciliation meeting scheduled on May 21 at Chiang Mai.It said that during the last Chiang Mai meeting from March 19 to 23, it was the Naga groups that urged FNR to organize and facilitate a highest-level meeting at the earliest. The proposed meeting was to take place over an extended period to \"hammer out\" all outstanding differences and to work together to respond positively to Naga public demand for all Naga groups to reconcile, it added.It requested all Naga groups to honour their own commitment and to participate in the forthcoming reconciliation meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13186252", "title": "Kochi Police arrest three wanted criminals", "text": "KOCHI: Police on Wednesday arrested three persons who were wanted in connection with a major fraud case involving crores of rupees.According to the police, the arrested were identified as Rejin, 29, of Vallikkavu, Karunagappally, Anoop Raj, 23, of Thirumullavaram, Kollam and Bibin, 23, of Padanoorth, Karunagappally.Police said the trio used to open education consultancy offices at various parts of the state and collect money from the students after promising them admission in various professional colleges.\"The accused initially used to give advertisement in leading dailies about their organization. They used to win the confidence of the people by arranging admissions in the initial stage. They used to open offices at various places under different names. Police have received hundreds of complaints against the accused from different locations,\" officials said.Police said that the accused absconded after police launched a probe.\"We got information that the accused have returned to Kerala to begin their operations again. Based on certain inputs, we arrested the accused from an apartment in the city where they have been living under fake names,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13189306", "title": "Top Red rebels involved in North East expansion", "text": "GUWAHATI: Key members of CPI (Maoist) including Moina Dohotiya, a top Red leader being hunted for across the country, are actively involved in the outfit's expansion into the northeast. The Maoists are keen on establishing a presence in the region to create more bases and strengthen links with Manipur's People's Liberation Army (PLA) for arms supply. \"We have concrete information about some key members of CPI (Maoist) being given the charge of building the base in the region and link up with PLA. Some of these central leaders have even visited the region,\" a top source in the security establishment said.The source said: \"Moina Dohitiya is the man leading the Maoists here. He escaped from the state and is being tracked down. Another top leader, Aditya Bora, whose arrest in Jharkhand last year blew up the cover over Maoists presence in the northeast, was brought to the city but was released on bail along with two others. All of them are now absconding.\"\"There is no doubt that Maoists are expanding in Assam and are intensifying their terror activities like seizing weapons from security forces to ambushing and ambushing official parties, like in Ambikapur by the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border on October 4. Their top leader Paul Gogoi was killed in the crossfire in this ambush, but others managed to escape with a carbine belonging to the IRB,\" the source added.Paul was replaced by Siddhartha Burhagohain, who was also killed with three others on May 9 in an encounter with police at Saidya in Tinsukia district. With the top armed wing leaders eliminated, a vacuum has been created and at least two of their major plans to attack a police station have been shelved, the source added.Security forces so far have knowledge about presence of Maoists just in the upper Assam districts. \"There are about 100 listed cadres and they have three carbines, a couple of .315 rifles and pistols, few grenades and one M16 rifle. In the middle and lower Assam regions, they are probably at a very nascent stage. We have not observed any Maoist activity in these places,\" the source said.\"The Maoists have so far recruited youths from the state and few Khamti boys from Arunachal Pradesh. However, unlike Jharkhand, there is just a sprinkling of Adivasi youths here. There are couple of youths from Goalpara and Kamrup district but the majority are from Dibrugarh, Tinsukia and Golaghat districts and many from Dhemaji and Lakhimpur districts,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13186901", "title": "Lucknow boils at 42.9 degrees Celsius", "text": "LUCKNOW: The mercury level soared in the state capital on Wednesday making it the hottest day of this summer. The maximum temperature in the city was 42.9 degrees Celsius, which was also three degrees above normal. Dry dust raising winds added to the woes of the people. Almost similar weather conditions were reported from the other parts of the state. There are possibilities of dust/thunder storms in some areas, but by and large no significant change is expected in the next 24 hours. Allahabad was the hottest in the state with maximum temperature 45.5 degrees Celsius.The city has been experiencing hot weather conditions for last few days. However, Wednesday turned out to be the hottest day so far in summer season this year. Earlier, the temperature had shot up to 41 degrees Celsius in April. In the Month of May, 40.8 degrees Celsius maximum temperature was recorded on May 14 and 40.7 degrees Celsius on May 12. However, in comparison to previous years, the maximum temperature in the month of May in the city is low so far. Hottest day in May last year was May 15 when maximum temperature soared to 43.1 degrees Celsius. In 2010, May 13 recorded 44.7 degrees Celsius and in 2009 May 1 had recorded 43.8 degrees Celsius. However, unlike last two years, humidity level in May is down this year.State Met director JP Gupta said that dry hot westerly winds coming from Rajasthan are lashing the state leading to rise in maximum temperatures at most of the places. \"The winds also raised dust resulting in hazy sky during the day,\" he added. On Wednesday, the Met department nowcast at 9.00 pm was 34 degrees Celsius temperature with clear sky and wind measuring from 4 to 10 km per hour. Similar weather conditions are expected to prevail during the next 24 hours. The maximum temperature is likely to be around 42 degrees Celsius. The Met department, however, did not rule out the possibility of dust/thunder storm due to local reasons. Met department predicted dust/thunderstorms at some places in west UP, whereas east UP is expected to remain mainly dry during the next 24 hours.Maximum temperatures were mostly 2-4 degrees above normal, while minimum temperatures were normal. Allahabad recorded highest maximum temperature at 45.2 degrees Celsius followed by Agra with 44.7 degrees Celsius, Banda at 44.2 degrees Celsius, while in Kanpur mercury touched 43.6 degrees Celsius. Sultanpur and Hamirpur recorded high of 43.2 degrees Celsius. Maximum temperature in Varanasi, Rae Bareli and Ballia was 43 degrees Celsius, while in Jhansi it was 42.8 degrees Celsius. Ghaziabad and Sonbhadra recorded 42.6 degrees Celsius and 42.4 degrees Celsius respectively, while the maximum temperature of Meerut was 42 degrees Celsius.According to long-term forecast of the Central Met department, monsoon is expected to arrive on time. It is expected to touch the Kerala coast by June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13201882", "title": "Sanjay Dutt finds time for Zilla Ghaziabad", "text": "Stars and their date 'troubles' are common phenomena in the Hindi cinema industry. And thus, when Sanjay Dutt decided to give all his dates to the various projects other than Vinod Bachchan's Zilla Ghaziabad, the filmmaker couldn't help but wait.But now, that the actor is ready to revisit the project. In fact, Sanjubaba, who had earlier given dates allotted to the film to other productions, has decided to start shooting for Zilla Ghaziabad again starting this weekend in Wai.A source close to the film revealed, \"The Sanjay Dutt and Vivek Oberoi starrer venture was not going as per schedule. There were differences between the producer Vinod Bachchan and Sanjay.\"According to the source, Dutt started shooting for Son Of Sardar after the release of Agneepath. Moreover, he used the dates allotted to Zilla Ghaziabad f or re-shooting portions of Ram Gopal Varma's Department .However, when we contacted Sanjay Dutt's manager Dharam Oberoi, he explained, \"The film is almost complete. Only a patchwork shoot is left. That would take about six days. The shoot was stuck due to the unavailability of fight master Kannan. Sanjay Dutt was available any day. But now, it is all sorted out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13190071", "title": "Tripura govt accused of collecting illegal interest", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura government has been accused of illegally accumulating interest by depositing Central funds in treasury bill accounts at Reserve Bank of India. Record reveals that around Rs 200 crore was earned by the state in the past five years as interest on the funds made available by the Centre for various projects. Flaying the Left government, Nath also said that the funds allocated under various Centre-sponsored projects had been siphoned off by the ruling party leaders and cadres.Leader of the opposition Ratan Lal Nath said that such financial indiscipline has cost the state significant revenue. The state had been re-paying a loan of Rs 2.58 crore, including Rs 1.2 crore as interest, every day. \"Over 25 years and five chief ministers, Tripura secured loans worth Rs 850 crore, but in 19 years rule of the Left Front government headed by Manik Sarkar , the state borrowed Rs 6998.9 crore and some amount of this loan money has been deposited in RBI to earn interest,\" Nath underlined.Nath, however, pointed out that the Centre had been paying 89% of the state's total budget outlay apart from the various project-wise allocations. The state will get Rs 10,717 crore from the Centre during the current fiscal. \"Calculations shows that from this total outlay, each citizen of the state should get a benefit of Rs 1.15 lakh. However, 66% of the state's population is living below the poverty line and the government's statistics show the figure is increasing every year,\" Nath argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13192129", "title": "Multi-storey building razed", "text": "MYSORE: A multi-storey commercial complex, which has come up on a government land illegally, is being razed by the district authorities.The structure was lying vacant for the past two years after its owner Srinivas, a resident of Kumbarkoppal, approached High Court and then to Supreme Court, seeking a stay on its demolition. The apex court recently dismissed his petition, and asked the district administration to reclaim the government property.During an inspection, previous deputy commissioner Harsh Gupta had identified this government property. When he DC took steps to regain the property, its owner approached the court and brought in a stay. However, the agile officer attached the property, as High Court had given stay only for its demolition. The issue was in the court for the last two years.Mysore tahsildar Manjunathswamy told TOI that they are taking possession of the government property after SC quashed Srinivas' petition recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179252", "title": "ICSE, ISC results on May 19", "text": "PUNE: The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (ICSE) will be announcing the results for standard 10 (ICSE) and standard 12 (ISC) on May 19, 2012 at 3pm.The results of the examination will be available on the internet and through SMS on GSM phones. Students using the internet can view their results at cisce.timesofindia.com, cisce.navbharattimes.com, cisce.examresults.com and cisce.indiaresults.com.Students accessing their results via SMS can type ISC or ICSE and their respective index number without using the slash (/) present in the index number and send it to 51818, 56263, 58888, 5676750, 54242 or 56388. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181244", "title": "Milan subway bridge to miss deadline: MMRDA", "text": "MUMBAI: The overbridge at Milan Subway may not be completed before the monsoon, said MMRDA officials. The railways have told MMRDA officials that the steel bridge needs a special type of corrosive treatment.The delay will mean the bridge might be opened only in September. \"The railways had earlier specified that the anti-corrosion treatment for the metal bridge should include a metallizing coat. The contractor, however, started using a galvanized coat. When the railways insisted on the metalized coat, the work had to restart. This was one of the main reasons for the delay. There were also others like building the gutters on either side of the bridge which were also not complete,\" said an MMRDA official.The entire road overbridge is slated to cost Rs 84 crores and the MMRDA had earlier announced it would be ready by this monsoon for the motorists.The Rs 84-crore project has been behind schedule for several reasons. There were long discussions between the MMRDA officials and the railways over the type of bridge which would be permitted. After much debate a steel bridger over the railways was seen as the right choice. There were problems of resettlement of the shops and commercial establishments in the area. The 160 establishments were resettled with the help of Congress MLA Krishna HedgeMoreover, a controversy over the resettlement of a madarsa led to further delay of the project. MMRDA officials said that they will decide on whether to open the overbridge to the public when it is ready in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13189408", "title": "Zeliangrong bodies seek justice for James", "text": "IMPHAL: Two Delhi-based Zeliangrong bodies have urged the Meghalaya government to institute a judicial inquiry into the recent 'mysterious' death of a PhD student of the community near the NEHU campus, Shillong.Though prima facie evidence points clearly towards murder, it was reported that victim James Todiuwang, a research scholar of the university, died in a road accident near the varsity campus on March 17, said alleged the two bodies. James was a resident of the remote Tamenglong district in Manipur.The Zeliangrong Students' Union Delhi ( ZSUD) and the Zeliangrong Welfare Association Delhi (ZWAD), in a joint statement, alleged that James was murdered in a cold-blooded manner by miscreants.It alleged that the sloppy investigation into the matter by the police didn't help nab the culprits even more than a month after the incident.The two bodies urged chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh and the home minister to persuade their Meghalaya counterparts to take up the case seriously to ensure justice is delivered to the victim at the earliest and also to ensure such incidents do not recur in future.Meanwhile, a large number of irate students on Wednesday burnt the effigies of chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh, his Karnataka counterpart Sadananda Gowda and Manipur home minister Gaikhangam in Imphal to denounce the leaders' 'failure' to speed up investigation into Loitam Richard and Okram Laaba's alleged murder cases.A resident of Uripok Yambem Leikai here, Richard (19) was found dead on his hostel bed on April 18. He was allegedly bashed up badly by his seniors inside the hostel of Acharya NRV School of Architecture in Bangalore the previous night.Okram Laaba (20) from Imphal was also found dead in his hostel room, his face covered in a polythene bag, on June 23 last year. Laaba was a BCA student at the Hindustan College of Arts and Science, Kelambakkam, Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13190931", "title": "Sewing machine dealers' body elects president", "text": "LUDHIANA: Pankaj Arora, owner of RC Sewing Machine Company, has been unanimously elected as the president of Sewing Machine Dealers and Assemblers' Association for the second consecutive time.An elated Arora said, ''I have been elected as the president for a period of two years. I am thankful to the association members for reposing faith in me for the second time.''The association has empowered him to nominate the eight other office-bearers of the body and its 23 executive members. ''I will nominate them by Saturday,'' he added.About his vision, he said, ''My aim is to restore the glory of Ludhiana's sewing machine industry, which was once the best in Asia. But, China-made machines have affected our industry. We need much research... the need of the hour is to give exposure to the industry to the latest advancements in the field and for it, we need to organise trips to other countries, especially China.''''I will request the government to provide us subsidy on our trip to China. After visiting the industry there, we will learn about their key areas, where they have an edge over us and what we can do to plug the gaps. We need the government's support to restore our position. I will definitely ensure it,'' he smiled.Besides, there was a need to improve the infrastructure of the industry, address problems like shortage of labour and their living conditions for its growth, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13191063", "title": "Teen\u2019s body in morgue, cops clueless", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police's failure to locate a teenager whose body lay in a nearby mortuary for a week has raised questions about their working. The 16-year-old's body was found in a park by the Anand Vihar police on the afternoon of May 8, and conveyed to a mortuary.However, police in the neighbouring Jagatpuri area, where the boy's family stays, not only failed to trace it but also refused to register a complaint for two days, saying that the boy may have run away.Himangshu Panwar, who appeared for his class X exams this year, had left his house in the Old Anarkali area of Jagatpuri, east Delhi, around 1pm on May 8. His body was found inside a park in the Anand Vihar area bordering Jagatpuri at 3.10pm the same day. While the body was moved to a mortuary, Himangshu's parents had to plead with the Jagatpuri police for two days to get a case of kidnapping registered. Even after that, the police could not give the family any news and finally, the boy's father Vasant Rajput Panwar found the body himself on Monday by looking up the zonal police database, Zipnet, which maintains a record of missing people and unidentified bodies.The family's ordeal came to light on Wednesday when they returned from Haridwar after the boy's last rites.\"We contacted the police on May 8 itself and followed up with another visit a day later. The staff told us to continue searching for Himangshu at our relatives' places. They finally registered a kidnapping case on May 10 after we refused to leave the police station until an FIR was registered,'' said Vasant, who runs an advertising agency.Himangshu was Vasant's only child. The father said he visited the Jagatpuri police station twice a day from May 9 to 14, only to hear that his son may have eloped.\"Himangshu had left home without his mobile phone. The Anand Vihar police found his body two hours later. Don't neighbouring police stations exchange information about bodies found in their areas? Identifying Himangshu would have been easy because we provided police a photo of him in the very clothes he was wearing when he died,'' said Vasant. His wife Yashoda said no police officer came to them to make enquiries or record their statement. \"When we insisted that they examine his phone call details, the cops said they will let us know in due time,'' she said.The Jagatpuri police denied the family's allegations. \"We can only say that these charges are baseless. We have our records and cannot comment on the progress of the investigations,'' said the investigating officer. DCP (east) Prabhakar said he was not informed about the case. \"I will enquire into the incident and take proper action against officers if (they are) found guilty,'' he said.Himangshu's post-mortem report is awaited but investigators say they don't suspect foul play in his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13189115", "title": "Will cap offshore casinos at six: Chief minister", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has decided to put a cap on licensing of new offshore casino in the state to restrict the number to six.The government had issued six licenses to operate offshore casinos in the state.Speaking to mediapersons, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"We will not allow offshore casinos to cross the number of six.\"NGOs had accused the BJP government of promoting casinos when it reduced the entry fee from 2,000 to 500 per head during the budget session.When the BJP was in the opposition, they had staged various agitations to remove offshore casinos from the River Mandovi. The state government also increased the annual license fee to Rs 6.5 crore from Rs 5 crore.Parrikar also said he had issued a suspension notice to one of the casinos, but its owner managed to get a stay order from the tribunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13180811", "title": "Army starts toll-free number for ex-servicemen complaints", "text": "ROHTAK: The Army has started a toll-free number to address the complaints of ex-servicemen, war widows and their dependents from this year, which has been declared as ex-servicemen welfare year.The Army chief, General V K Singh, said this on Wednesday while addressing a gathering of ex-servicemen at Palra village of Jhajjar district.The rally was organized in memory of Victoria Cross winner Capt Umrao Singh, a native of the village.General Singh said that an ex-servicemen cell has been established, which is operating the toll-free number 1800-1111-6644.The Army chief avoided interaction with media at the rally.During his stay at Palra village, he also interacted with ex-servicemen and widows of former Army personnel.When representatives of ex-servicemen association drew his attention to the pay anomalies, the Army chief said that cases regarding pay anomalies in the recommendations of Sixth Pay Commission had been sent to the defence ministry for consideration.He said that Army was sensitive towards the needs and welfare of ex-servicemen. Singh also assured that Army was looking into the one-rank-one-pension demand of ex-servicemen sympathetically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13182022", "title": "Experts consider ways to boost manufacturing sector", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to ensure the successful implementation of the manufacturing component of the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), the Planning Commission, in tandem with the Federation of Indian Micro and Small and Medium Enterprises (FISME) organised a stakeholder consultation on the plan component on Wednesday.Speaking on the occasion, member (industry) Planning Commission, Arun Maira, said, \"The manufacturing plan for the country aims at producing 100 million jobs in the country by strengthening the manufacturing sector. To meet this target, UP needs to create at least 30 million jobs over the next 5 years.\"Making a detailed presentation of the country-wide manufacturing plan, which outlines strategies for accelerating growth of the manufacturing sector in India during the 12{+t}{+h} Plan period and beyond, Maira also said the Planning Commission will begin to give feedback to states on the basis of their competitiveness and their performance vis-a-vis other states in the country. \"By doing so, UP will be able to assess its own performance over the years. It will also allow the states to identify areas where they have slipped and where they have done well.\"Maira also said that the state would do well if all the suggestions made during the stakeholder meeting on Wednesday were compiled and a copy sent to the Planning Commission, the state government as well as the concerned industry bodies in the state. Speaking to TOI, Maira said, \"Though many suggestions that have been made during this process are aimed at the government, there is also a need for some level of consolidation at the local level, within the industry body and at the state government level. This meeting has been fruitful in identifying the key concerns and, hopefully, over the next few months implementing the changes suggested.\"Wednesday's meet was a result of a key change in India's Manufacturing Plan document, which emphasises on the need for a widely consultative and inclusive approach to prepare the manufacturing industry roadmap under the 12{+t}{+h} Plan. In continuation of this agenda, while outlining the immediate steps for implementing the plan, the document also said, among other things, introduced the \"Take the plan to the States\" initiative, because much of the implementation of the Manufacturing Plan will be in the states.\"The new approach of wider stakeholder consultations to ensure more effective implementation is being tried out in Uttar Pradesh, which is now lagging behind in industrialisation despite being one of the top industrial states in the past,\" said VK Agarwal, president FISME.The underlying objectives of the 12{+t}{+h} Plan are the same as those outlined in the National Manufacturing Plan introduced in 2011 with the key goal being to give a boost to Indian manufacturing and increase its share in the national GDP to 25 percent by 2025 and create 100 million new jobs.Other speakers at the stakeholder consultation included Abhiskek Mishra, minister of state (Protocol), NC Bajpai, deputy chairman of UP State Planning Commission, Hari Raj Kishor, principal secretary, small scale industries and export promotion, Prof AK Singh, director, Giri Institute of Development Studies, and Kiron Chopra, past chairman of CII's UP State Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13179086", "title": "Mother-daughter duo helps get you to 'Happy Places'", "text": "NAGPUR: In the mad rush of life in modern times, one needs to constantly remind oneself to stand and stare. It becomes still more difficult to be happy and positive. A mother-daughter duo from the city is making an effort to reinstate the need to be happy even while going through the various pressures.The one thing that prevents people from being really happy these days is a disconnect with their surroundings. To help the youngsters from the city reconnect with themselves and in gaining happiness in the process, Renu and Nivedita Soni are conducting a workshop called 'Happy Places' at the activity of their organization Rmagicdoor at Vijay Nagar, Chhaoni.\"We have become so involved with the world that we have lost the most important relationship in life - with ourselves. The materialism and consumerism that surrounds us have resulted in loss of self-awareness,\" said Renu, an educator for over two decades.Her daughter Nivedita, a partner in an organization called Purple Mangoes that works on the same principle, said people needed to be encouraged to reflect to find a connect with themselves. \"At every stage, whether it is school, college, or later there are pressures in one's personal as well as professional life. All of us know the theories behind 'being happy and satisfied' but we need constant reminders and cajoling to implement them in our lives,\" she said.Renu had earlier undertaken a similar workshop for children. She informed how she used techniques like mood-o-meter and flag-and-sun. \"The mood-o-meter is a scale of 1-10 that we made for the children where they could express how they felt. When their score was beyond 5, they needed to act. For this, we asked them to list three red flags and three yellow suns of their lives,\" she said.The flags indicated things that trigger negative emotions like a tiff with a friend or an argument with parents, while the suns indicated things that prepped them up like chocolates or buying new clothes. \"Every time you see red (flag), counter it with yellow (sun) was the mantra taught to the children,\" explained Renu.To suit the needs of the adults, some changes have been made in these techniques, informed Nivedita. \"Many times, I find that most adults have so much to do that they feel guilt about 'wasting time'. We will make them understand how it is all right to indulge in your pleasures once in a while,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13187710", "title": "Nashik mayor plans to give 44-yr-old Yashwant Mandai a facelift", "text": "NASHIK: Mayor Yatin Wagh is contemplating setting up a new building in place of the old Yashwant Mandai building at Raviwar Karanja, considering that the structure is in now an extremely dilapidated state.The structure's poor condition is forcing several traders and professionals with offices and medical clinics on the upper floors of the buildingto move out and take their businesses elsewhere .But Wagh said that plans for the overhaul were not yet concrete. \"Things have not yet been finalized. We will also have to talk to the traders in the building about the proposal. We are taking a review of the structure. If it is a feasible option and business owners within the structure agree to it, the building can be razed and a new building erected in it s place,\" the mayor said.The four-floor building is located in the heart of the city. Business owners who have leased space within the structure have been running trade from here for decades.However, the lack of parking poses a problem for new tenants. The parking issue had also added to the rush of traffic in the Raviwar Karanja area.It was over reasons that the plan for redeveloping the structure took shape. \"If things happen alongexpected lines, we can also start a market there which can be a source of income for the Nashik municipal corporation. The parking problem of the area would also be resolved, \" Wagh said.|Since long, there have been plans to give a facelift to the Raviwar Karanja area of the city. However, things had never materialised in the past either due to the opposition from locals or on account of the overall negligence of the administration.Now however, the mayor has many plans up his sleeve for this ward, which happens to be among the oldest areas of the city. Executing these ideas will undoubtedly ruffle a few feathers. Many say if the mayor can convince the residents of this ward the revamping of the old area will go on to benefit all of Nashik city.The building at Raviwar Karanja area was constructed by the then Nashik Municipal council, using funds that came through donations. It was inaugurated in April 1968. As of today there are 46 tenants in the building. While the ground floor is occupied by grocery stores and a few other shops, the upper floors are occupied by medical practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13190594", "title": "Student held for extortion, targetted zari unit owners", "text": "SURAT: A class XII student and son of a garment businessman was arrested on Tuesday for extorting money from zari unit owner, posing as assistant labour commissioner. The student, Abbas Sohel Mistry, demanded Rs 10,000 and confessed of extorting total Rs 35,000 from other unit owners in Udhna area of the city.Following a phone call, police rushed to a unit in Aman Society of Udhna and arrested 18-year-old Mistry, a resident of Rani Talav area. Police was alerted by Samir Irfan Ansari, a zari unit owner from whom Mistry was trying to extort money.Ansari informed police that Mistry came to his unit and introduced himself as assistant labour commissioner, M S Patel. He demanded explanation from Ansari that why child labourers are being employed in his unit.Before Ansari could give any explanation, Mistry started threatening him to file a case and get him arrested. Mistry demanded Rs 10,000 from him for not doing so.Police arrested Mistry from the spot. During questioning, he told cops that he is an informer in labour department and gives information about child labours regularly to the officials.He also admitted to have extorted Rs 35,000 from other unit owners in the area threatening them of a police case for employing child labours.Sohel Mistry, his father, runs a garment shop at Chautapul area. Mistry had appeared in class XII exam last academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181013", "title": "Crime branch may spare Kripashankar Singh, kin in arms case", "text": "MUMBAI: There could be some relief for Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family as the crime branch may not arrest them in the arms case.The crime branch is probing the illegal arms case against the former Mumbai Congress chief and his family while a special investigation team is investigating the corruption charges against them.Police had registered a case against Singh and his family for illegally possessing 110 cartridges of various weapons. The FIR said that the SIT recovered around 110 cartridges of various weapons from Singh's 2,000 sq ft flat at Sai Prasad at Bandra(E) flatduring the raids.Fourteen cartridges of 12 bore, 72 cartridges of .32 gun, 9 cartridges of 7.65 mm pistol and 15 cartridges of 8mm were recovered from Singh's house. Singh, his wife . Singh, his wife. Singh, his wife Malthidevi and son Narendra Mohan Singh possess arms licences since past few years.According to sources, Singh and his family may not be arrested three reasons: There is no need for their custodial interrogations, only excess cartridges were recovered and not weapons and lastly, few days before the FIR (arms case) was registered, Singh had given in writing the number of weapons and cartridges he possessed.Cops said the number of cartridges he has mentioned in his statement is tallying with the recovered ones.\"Unlike any other illegal weapons case, The case against Singh and his family members is very different. It is not like any other illegal weapon case. The case is made out because heextra cartridges and rounds were found at Singh's home. Police can suspend his only was found having extra cartridges and rounds were found at Singh's home. Police can suspend his only was found having extra cartridges and rounds were found at Singh's home. Police can suspend his licence for violation,'' said an official, adding that the police will record Singh's statement once again and submit a chargesheet.According to sources in the SIT, Singh's is likely to be arrested in the disproportionate assets case. On April 19, the SIT submitted a progress report of the probe before the Supreme Court and has sought more time for probe as more assets belonging to Singh and his family members have been found. \"The SIT has found some bank statements reflecting questionable transactions, withdrawals and deposits,\" said an officer.The Bombay HC on February 22 ordered Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik to file an FIR against Kripashankar under the Prevention of Corruption Act for \"criminal misconduct\" and his family members for abetment. The HC was hearing a PIL alleging that Singh and his family owned assets disproportionate to their income. The court had also asked the police to attach Singh's immovable properties. However, the SC asked them to detach these properties on the condition that Singh will not disturb them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13191504", "title": "Power, water supply to be disrupted in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: There will be no power supply to the following areas under the Brahmavar sub-station from 9am to 5pm on Thursday: Feeders of Uppoor, Mabukala, Mattappadi, Brahmavar, Cherkadi and adjoining areas.A move by the Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation Limited to undertake the work of drawing conductors between tower number 230 and 231 for three days from Friday on the 400-kV Nandikoor-Shantigrama power line has necessitated major shutdown of power supply on the 220-kV double circuit Kemar-Kavoor and 110-kV single circuit Kemar-Moodbidri-Gurupur lines.Accordingly, power supply will be disrupted in Mangalore, Bantwal, Puttur, Sullia taluks, Moodbidri, Gurupur and adjoining areas from 7am to 6pm in above mentioned three-days.This will also have a bearing on water supply to the residents of Mangalore as the power shutdown would affect pumping of water from the Thumbe reservoir, stated Mangalore City Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194393", "title": "Activists cry foul over fire near Naya Qila, blame Hyderabad Golf Association", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) on Wednesday allegedly set on fire a two acre lung space surrounding the Naya Qila Talab in the heritage precinct of Golconda fort. In blatant violation of heritage norms, the bushy area which is a buffer zone between the golf club and the fort area was set ablaze seemingly to clear that portion.It was at around 3 pm on Wednesday when some locals noticed huge flames and thick plumes of smoke emanating from the notified area and informed the fire station and the police. To add to the tension, the fire tender that was pressed into service from Langer Houz fire station could not enter area because it was too narrow.However locals along with firemen finally managed to douse the fast-spreading flames. Around 50 members, including farmers, held an agitation protesting the incident. Meanwhile the HGA members gave a contrary version. \"The grass was dry. Some farmers who were illegally cultivating the grass set it on fire in order to grow it again. It's a common practice in agriculture ,\" said B L K Reddy, honorary secretary, HGA.When contacted, officials from both the Archaeological Society of India (ASI) and the forest department said that permission was not given for felling or burning trees. Divisional forest officer D Nagabhushan said that the matter would be verified. K V Rao, superintending archaeologist of ASI which is the custodian of the heritage structure said that no permission was taken from them.Golconda police claimed that the inquiry to find out the culprits was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13187214", "title": "\u2018Parampara\u2019 dance fest begins", "text": "KOCHI: As part of the 'Class May' cultural programme at Jose Thomas Performing Arts Centre (JTPac), a dance festival under the title 'Parampara' began on Wednesday. The four-day Indian classical dance festival will conclude on Sunday.The idea is to give Kochiites an exposure to Indian classical dance forms, including odissi kathak, mohiniyattam and bharatanatyam, the organizers said. On Wednesday, odissi dancer Padmasree Madhavi Mudgal performed along with her niece Arushi Mudgal.Other renowned artists like Saswati Sen (kathak), Padmasree Bharati Sivaji (mohiniyattom) and Rama Vaidyanathan (bharatanatyam) will respectively perform in the coming days at JTPac in Tripunithura. The show will begin at 7.15pm on weekdays and 7pm on weekends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180519", "title": "Lok Nayak Hospital body: Last suspect arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after police claimed to have solved the mystery of the body found on Lok Nayak Hospital premises with the arrest of three persons, they caught Asif, the last suspect in the rape and murder case. Confirming Wednesday's arrest, additional CP, Central district, Devesh Chandra Srivastava said the three men arrested on Tuesday had been taken into remand till May 20 for investigation.Police on Tuesday had said the woman - her name is being withheld - was sexually assaulted at the hospital in central Delhi before being murdered. Further investigation has revealed that she was a Ghaziabad resident and efforts are being made to confirm her identity.Sources said one of the accused, Yahiya, ensnared the victim at a juice shop inside the hospital with the promise of hassle-free treatment. All the accused also claimed that intercourse with her was consensual till the third time at the hospital that night.Police said one of the accused asked the woman to meet him the day she was killed, saying he wanted to introduce her to his friends. Later, all of them raped her inside a toilet, and again at Buddha Jayanti Park, where they also had liquor. The same night, in a drunken state, they tried forcing her to have unnatural sex but she objected. Meanwhile, the four started quarreling, and when the woman tried to raise an alarm, one of them stabbed her. The others then stabbed her repeatedly and finally slit her throat. They disposed of the body in the garbage dump outside the doctors' hostel, where it was found two days later.A police source said the case was solved using local intelligence. \"Our teams of plainclothesmen focused on locals frequenting the hospital. We narrowed down on these suspects. They gave conflicting statements during questioning, and confessed upon sustained interrogation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13191146", "title": "Obama to veto bill that seeks curbs on Pakistan aid", "text": "Washington: Opposing many provisions of a key defence bill, including conditions imposed on US aid to Pakistan , the Obama administration has threatened to veto it if it impedes the ability of the government to execute the new defence strategy. In a statement issued by the White House Office of Management and Budget on Tuesday , the administration said any conditions imposed on Pakistan for receiving US aid would be counter-productive at this sensitive time.It strongly opposed the conditions put on aid to Pakistan by the powerful house armed services committee in the National Defence Authorization Act (NDAA) for the fiscal year 2013. Objecting to many provisions of the NDAA-2013 , the administration threatened to veto it if the cumulative effects of the bill impede the ability to execute the new defence strategy and to properly direct scarce resources.\"If the cumulative effects of the bill impede the ability of the administration to execute the new defence strategy and to properly direct scarce resources, the president's senior advisors would recommend to the president that he veto the bill,\" the eight-page statement warned.It said the Obama administration strongly objects to the restriction in reimbursement for Pakistan from coalition support funds and the associated certification requirements in section 1211 of the Act. \"It can put at risk the success of our campaign in Afghanistan, increasing the risk that al-Qaida and its associates would be able to again enjoy a safe haven in Pakistan,\" it said. Last week, the house armed services panel \"overwhelmingly\" passed the NDAA 2013 imposing conditions on Pakistan for receiving economic and military aid from the US.Pak: Have to make critical decisionsPakistan's relations with the US and Nato are passing through a \"delicate phase\" and Islamabad needs to make \"critical decisions\" linked to national interests, PM Yousaf Raza Gilani said on Wednesday. The premier's remarks came a day after the defence committee of the cabinet endorsed President Asif Ali Zardari's participation in a crucial Nato Summit in Chicago during May 20-21.Pak Taliban release video of jailbreakThe Pakistani Taliban have released a dramatic video of an attack by militants on a jail in Banu city in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province northwest that resulted in the escape of nearly 400 prisoners last month, becoming the largest jailbreak in Pakistan's history. The video shows Taliban fighters setting off explosives and firing within the jail at Bannu city in Khyber -Pakhtunkhwa province.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13179132", "title": "Centre, state turn blind eye on drought-hit Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Of the 6200 villages facing drought-like situation in the state this year, 72% or 4490 are in Vidarbha.Yet, neither the state government nor the Centre has deemed it necessary to extend relief measures like setting up fodder depots, cattle camps or special funds to provide drinking water to affected Vidarbha villages.All the relief funds, as also the Rs 700 crore provided for it by the Union government, are being spent on drought-hit western Maharashtra only.On Wednesday, the state cabinet announced some more relief measures for drought-hit parts of the state. It has decided to provide Rs 10 crore each to 15 talukas for measures to fight drought. Not even one of these is from Vidarbha.Those that get these funds are Sangamner, Jat, Palus, Mann, Mangalveda, Parner, Bhoom, Purandar, Athapadi, Kavthe, Khanapurm Tasgaon and Sangole.\"I tried to raise the plight of Vidarbha villages and scarcity of drinking water and fodder, but mine was the lone voice and too feeble in the cabinet dominated by members representing western Maharashtra,\" said EGS minister Nitin Raut.Anil Deshmukh, another cabinet minister said, \"Aid is being given where the drought is severe.\"Social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe, who is guardian minister of Nagpur where nearly 500 villages are reeling under severe scarcity of water and fodder, had a different take on the issue. He justified the action saying the situation in Vidarbha was relatively better than the areas for which the government announced special relief. \"It's the acuteness of the crisis that decides relief measures,\" he said.Not many are buying this. \"Situation in Chandur Bazar and Achalpur in my constituency is far worse. I have written to the district collector about how fodder was unavailable. People are finding it difficult to feed the cattle and are preferring to sell them,\" said Bacchu Kadu, Achalpur MLA.He said no fodder depot was opened in Amravati district where 1985 villages have reported yield below 50 paise (Annewari).\"The government has conveniently changed the criteria for relief measures. Instead of going by year-long rainfall records and ground situation, government has accepted yardsticks that suit only western Maharashtra villages. For instance, they are now only looking at levels of well water to provide aid,\" said Kadu.\"This stepmotherly treatment is shocking,\" said Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti president Kishor Tiwari.\"Even in past, Vidarbha villages never got timely drought relief. The NCP and its supremo Sharad Pawar are ensuring that only villages in their constituencies get aid,\" he alleged.\"Since several villages are drought-hit, they have effectively 'marketed' the drought and are cornering the relief money,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13179903", "title": "Top cop lauds college student for thwarting chain-snatching bid", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a proud moment for 19-year-old R Ashok, a second year B Sc computer science student of a private college in the city, when he walked into the city police commissioner's chamber on Wednesday morning. He was accompanied by senior police officials and the commissioner presented him with a memento and a certificate of appreciation for his bravery and presence of mind after he thwarted a chain snatcher's attempt to decamp with a gold chain from a one-and-a-half year old baby girl at Kurinji Nagar near Kuniamuthur on Tuesday evening. He handed over the culprit at the local police station, and he has been remanded to custody.T Abbas (24), a resident of the same area, had spotted one-and-a-half year old Sahana crawling just outside the front door of her house alongside the road on Tuesday evening. He lunged for the 0.75 sovereign gold chain the baby was wearing and tried to flee when some women in the house saw what happened and screamed for help. Ashok, who had returned to his grandmother's house in Kurinji Nagar after a quick game of cricket, heard the commotion from the adjacent house.\"I heard a woman scream from a neighbouring house. When I came out I saw a man trying to flee. I ran after him and caught him as he tried to scale a compound wall,\" said Ashok.\"There were no men in the house when the incident occurred but thankfully Ashok intervened and caught the snatcher. Not many people bother to help when others are in distress and we are thankful to him,\" said C Musthafa, Sahana's grandfather.Ashok chased him down for a few metres and pinned Abbas down when he was trying to scale a compound wall. He then called Kuniamuthur police station. A team of police arrived at the spot and took him into custody.City police commissioner AK Vishwanathan congratulated Ashok, who said he wanted to join the police force after he completes his degree. \"Ever since I was a child, I always liked the police uniform and also the thrill associated with this profession,\" Ashok added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13180015", "title": "Undertrials rot in jail as Thane, Mumbai cops spar over jurisdiction", "text": "THANE: Hundreds of undertrials remanded in the Thane Central Jail may have an extended stay in the stuffy prison cells as they have been missing their scheduled hearing dates in the Mumbai courts for the last one week for the want of police escorts.More than 1,000 undertrials from Mumbai's underbelly of Dindoshi, Malwani, Kandivli, Mulund, Chembur, Matunga, Sion, etc, accused of offences of serious nature attracting MCOCOA or IPC sections, as also for petty crimes, have not attended their hearing in Mumbai courts since last Friday as the Mumbai and Thane police have failed to provide the adequate police escorts.A prominent lawyer, who complained to TOI about the repeated police bungling, said the situation could turn explosive in the jail as the undertrials are getting increasingly frustrated.\"In quite a few cases, the hearing is in final stages and the accused's presence could lead to a final decision, possibly favouring the accused. However, the absence from the hearing has resulted in a delay and the next hearing has been advanced to after two or three months,\" he said, requesting anonymity.Reportedly, nearly 100 undertrials are escorted daily to various courts in Mumbai by a team of police personnel from Mumbai and Thane.The Mumbai police escorts have abruptly stopped taking accused to the courts suggesting that the onus of transferring undertrials from Thane to Mumbai courts was entirely on the Thane police.An official in the Thane police commissionerate said, \"It has been a long-established practice that around 75% of the escort team, assigned for transferring Mumbai undertrials to courts, will come from the Mumbai commissionerate. The remaining 25% will comprise a posse from the Thane police. However, the Mumbai police top brass is now shirking from its responsibility causing immense damage to the justice delivery system.''An Top officials from the Thane police commissionerate, however, were quick to shrug off charges of being responsible for denying police escort for undertrials.\"It has been a long practice that around 75% of the police escort team, assigned for transferring Mumbai undertrials to courts, will come from Mumbai commissionerate. The remaining 25% will comprise a posse from the Thane police. However, the Mumbai police top brass is now shirking away from its responsibility causing immense damage to the justice delivery system,'' the official told TOI.S P Yadav, joint commissioner of police (administration) confirmed that the Mumbai police had discontinued sending its personnel to Thane jail for escort duty.\"The Thane police has adequate staff. Moreover, a recent Nagpur court judgment said that escorts should be provided by police personnel under whose jurisdiction the prison comes. So it becomes their responsibility,\" Yadav said.With the Mumbai police failing to send its escort team to Thane jail since Friday no undertrial from Mumbai continue to be in detention as their case has been postponed for no fault on their part. Incidentlly, the Bombau high court had recently rapped the state authorities for the inadequate police escort which leads to delays in court cases and postponements.However, a Thane police official said the state director general of police had issued clear orders to the Mumbai police commissionerate to restore the previous system for sending a team of escorts to Thane jail. The orders continue to gather dust at with some official, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nedumabssery", "code": "13185958", "title": "AI to normalise services from Kochi by Thursday", "text": "NEDUMABSSERY: The Air India management has made arrangements to operate normal flight service from Kochi International Airport on Thursday in the wake of ongoing strike of the pilots.Air India flight AI 933, Kochi -Sharjah leaving 2020 hrs, IX 465 Kochi-Salala leaving at 0930 hrs, IX 419 Kochi-Dubai-Abu Dhabi leaving 1825 hrs, AI 909 Kochi-Sharjah leaving at 0825 hrs and IX 394 Kochi-Kuwait leaving at 0740 hrs and all domestic flights will be operated normally, said Air India deputy manager (CC) Aby George.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "13190724", "title": "Maildeep makes sure four of them meet often", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Mornings mean back to back meetings, phone calls and a lot of work for Ashish Bony, Ajay Sharma, Kamal Sharma and Maildeep Singh Toor but evenings take on a different tone altogether, at least thrice a week. Friends since school, the four get together at the community centre in BRS Nagar on Tuesdays, Saturdays and Sundays for non-stop rounds of ludo and carrom.''That one game of carrom made us realize that we need our time to relax and unwind. There has been no looking back since. The community centre in BRS Nagar also turned out to be an apt place for all of us to meet and play,'' shared 27-year-old Kamal, from Haibowal.Making sure that the gang meets regularly, Dugri-resident Maildeep, 26, takes the initiative of calling the other four and fixing up the time. ''No matter how busy we are, there is always time to play ludo or carrom. Tuesdays and weekends are devoted to each other, nothing can come in the way,'' he said.Talking about why the good old games work well for them, Haibowal-resident Ajay said all of them love the two games and since they can stay indoors, it ensures that they enjoy quality time together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13188664", "title": "Metro to link suburban, MRTS and bus services", "text": "CHENNAI: Everyday, S K Parthasarathy travels 30km to his workplace in Triplicane from suburban Nemilicherry. He takes a train to the Moore Market Complex station and walks nearly 10 minutes to the Park Town MRTS station to board another service to Triplicane . By the time he is at his desk, he is exhausted. For people like him, things could change when metro rail operations begin and they will be able to seamlessly switch from one mode of transport to another. Subways, skywalks, canopied walkways and foot overbridges will be built at metro rail stations close to suburban stations, MRTS stations and bus stations so that \"commuters wanting to move from metro to suburban trains or buses will be able to do so without having to step out in the open on the road.\"Metro rail, set to become the crucial piece in the jigsaw of the city's transport network, has been designed to interlink suburban trains, MRTS services and bus stations at Washermenpet, High Court, Chennai Central, Government Estate, Guindy, Saidapet, St Thomas Mount and Airport. In Koyambedu, the metro station will be on the CMBT campus, while at Vadapalani shuttle buses will take commuters to the nearby MTC terminus.Metro rail's underground station near Chennai Central will be a major hub, linked to the Chennai Central railway station, MMC suburban station, MRTS Park Town station and the Park suburban station. \"It will have eight entry and exits. The first floor concourse, one level under Poonamallee High Road, will be the common transit point for people to move to different modes of transport. Metro trains will travel one level below the concourse,\" said a metro rail official. Nearly 10 lakh people use Chennai Central, MMC, Park and Park Town MRTS stations daily.A subway from MMC and Central railway station will connect the metro's station below Poonamallee High Road, while a canopied walkway will be built from its entry or exit to Park suburban station and MRTS station. The Chintadripet MRTS station and Government Estate underground metro station will be linked by a subway so that those wanting to switch to metro trains need not come out of Chintadripet station.\"We are building such linkages wherever a metro station is near another public transport facility. In Guindy, the metro station will be adjacent to the suburban railway station where we are planning a foot over bridge linking the two services. We also plan to provide space for city buses to come into the metro station campus at Nandanam while the metro station at the high court will be linked to the MTC terminus and Fort suburban station,\" said a senior official.The metro station at the airport, which will have a walkalator connecting the new terminals, will be designed in a way that will allow commuters to access buses. Railways have asked metro to link airport metro station to Tirusulam suburban railway station, opposite the airport. But, the Airports Authority of India is now considering to provide access to the existing subway that connects the airport campus and the railway station.Metro rail is putting up such infrastructure in a bid to allow commuters to travel using a single ticket. A Chennai unified metro transport authority, which is already in place, will work out details of single ticketing for interlinked urban transit network that is expected to become operational by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13193853", "title": "Gandhi Hospital doctor, aides held in kidney racket case", "text": "Hyderabad: Punjagutta police on Wednesday arrested Gandhi Hospital nephrologist Dr Ramesh Chadha and his assistants Ganesh and Pratap for their role in the kidney racket.Apart from being a consultant at Gandhi Hospital and two private hospitals, Ramesh also runs Indu Super Specialty Clinic in Karkhana, the Punjagutta police revealed .In his complaint filed in the first week of May, 26-yearold S Yadgiri of Dubbaka alleged that Ramesh met him at Indu Clinic on May 3 in the presence of his associates and tried to lure him into selling a kidney.Based on Yadgiri's complaint , police arrested N Venkata Srinivasa Rao of Addanki and his cousin E Rajender Prasad of Khairatabad, the duo which had first made the offer for the kidney at Rs 4 lakh and then taken him to Ramesh, on May 6.\"Ramesh met Yadgiri at his clinic in the presence of Ganesh and Pratap and tried to convince him to donate one kidney by assuring him how that would pose no health problems,\" D Venkata Narsaiah , assistant commissioner of police (ACP), Punjagutta , said.According to the ACP, even though he was just a nephrologist , Ramesh had it displayed at Indu Clinic that he was a kidney transplantation specialist.The trio was arrested near Indu Clinic on Wednesday evening under sections 420 r/w 511 of the Indian Penal Code and section 18 of the Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178610", "title": "'State govt should provide security to gold smiths'", "text": "KANPUR: Charging the state government, Akhil Bhartiya Swarnkar Sangh on Wednesday said that gold smith artisans were providing more than Rs 500 crores to the government through taxes on jewellery and gold ornaments even then state government was not providing them financial, social and political security .Govind Verma general secretary of Akhil Bhartiya Swarnkar Sangh said that to discuss the situation young gold smiths of the city would assemble on May 20 in the city and thereafter a delegation would meet chief minster Akhilesh yadav next month. Addressing to media persons the general secretary said state government was not taking steps to protect the goldsmiths who were being looted and robbed frequently.No corporation had been constituted by the state government for the welfare of gold smiths and gold artisans, Verma alleged. He demanded that banks should be directed to give gold to petty gold smiths in fixed rates. So far this facility was available in big cities.He announced that Brijesh Verma, Vivek Verma and Neeraj Verma had been nominated as president, general secretary and treasurer of Yuva Swarnkar Sangh. The executive team would be of 51 members. The Sangh would also prepare a team of energetic youths to work for the welfare the gold smiths of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13186107", "title": "Difficult for Maya, SSS to wash off hands", "text": "This makes it virtually impossible for the two to wash their hands of what happened in the NRHM scam, because all files would finally have been cleared by Singh and some policy related matter would have required Maya's final approval.The order was very clear on how the system would operate. A file related to a particular matter was to be sent from the chief minister's office to the office of the principal secretary of the department concerned. The principal secretary was then supposed to forward the files to the secretary of his/her department. After noting their observations and recommendations on the file, the secretary was supposed to send it back to the cabinet secretary and chief minister for final approval via the principal secretary. After approval of the cabinet secretary and the chief minister, the file was sent to the secretary for execution.Now, from 2007 to 2009, Mayawati headed the family welfare department, which is at the heart of the Rs 5,700-crore scam. In 2009, the ministry went to Mayawati's trusted aide, Babu Singh Kushwaha, who has been arrested in the scam.But BSP claimed that when Maya headed the ministry, no proposal to release funds or formulate schemes was sent to her for approval. In fact, all schemes, approval and execution of NRHM projects were handled by two bodies of the State Health Society (SHS): an executive committee headed by a principal secretary and a governing body headed by the chief secretary.BSP further claimed that the government of India reviewed performance of the implementation every three months before releasing funds for continuation of the programme. The funds were directly given to the society. So, nowhere was the state government involved in NRHM's implementation. Hence, the chief minister neither gave approval to any NRHM proposal nor was her consent legally required.But according to rules, the State Health Mission (the umbrella body of NRHM committees and societies, including SHS) is headed by the chief minister of the state. So, it is not possible that Mayawati was unware of NRHM activities.Sources also pointed at the May 5, 2010 decision to bifurcate the health and family welfare ministries and appoint two chief medical officers in each district, one for health and the other for family welfare. This was a policy decision, hence it could not have been taken without the consent of the then chief minister. In July 2010, the union health and family welfare ministry wrote to the state government, objecting to the bifurcation of health and family welfare ministry, but the Maya government ignored this.Sources said, both Babu Singh Kushwaha and Pradeep Shukla told CBI that they were only following orders which came from the higher authorities. Kushwaha was family welfare minister and Pradeep Shukla was principal secretary health and family welfare and mission director of NRHM. Both have been arrested by the CBI.However, BSP's press release said that as soon as Mayawati came to know about anomalies in NRHM, she sacked Kushwaha from the post of minister and later ordered CBI inquiry and CAG audit. But Ahmed Hasan, health minister in the SP government, said, \"Mayawati and the cabinet secretary are behind the NRHM scam, the others did only what they were asked to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179155", "title": "Three held for assaulting station master", "text": "PUNE: The Pune government railway police arrested two watchmen and a driver on Wednesday for allegedly beating up the station master of the Pimpri railway station.The incident took place at the Pimpri railway station around 3.45 am on Wednesday. The station master Rajendra Prasad Gupta, sustained minor injuries in the attack and is undergoing treatment at a railway hospital near Pune railway station.The three suspects have been identified as Akash Pandurang Gaikwad (19) of Bhimnagar in Pimpri, Ajay Uday Singh (19) and Nikhil Raju Sarode (19), both of Indiranagar in Pimpri. They have been charged under sections 353 (assault or criminal force to deter a public servant from discharge of his duty) and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) of the Indian Penal Code.Gupta told TOI that he was on night duty on Tuesday. Around 3.45 am, he heard a commotion on the platform. \"When I came out of my cabin, I saw two or three youths shouting and running on the platform. I told them to go out of the station,\" Gupta said.He said that the youths started arguing with him. \"All of a sudden two of them started beating me with their hands. When I raised an alarm they fled from the spot. I got injuries on my face,\" Gupta said.Gupta's son Shivkumar said that despite the injuries, his father completed his duty till 6 am. \"When he started feeling uneasy, he called me and told me about the incident,\" Shivkumar said.Shivkumar said that his father was recently transferred to Pimpri from the Kamshet railway station. \"Around two to three days ago, he had noticed some pick-pockets on the railway station and had informed the GRP and railway police force about it. But nothing was done,\" he said.Inspector Mahendra Rokade of the Pune GRP told TOI that Singh and Sarode work as watchmen in a market at Pimpri. Gaikwad, who is their friend, works as a driver. \"We arrested them based on a tip-off, immediately after the FIR was lodged,\" Rokade said.Under interrogation, the youths revealed that on Tuesday night they had gone to the Pimpri railway station to have a tea. \"The youths were chasing each other on the platform and shouting,\" Rokade said.\"The suspects said that Gupta used abusive language against them and threw a steel ruler at them. Following this, they had a heated argument with him and beat him up,\" Rokade said.He said that the suspects do not have any previous criminal record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13183819", "title": "Woman's immolation bid on board office premises foiled", "text": "BHOPAL: Upset over unsuccessful attempts at getting a minor change carried out in her mark-sheet, a woman on Wednesday tried to immolate herself on the Board Office premises. The board officials, however, thwarted her attempts. The police have booked the woman for attempting suicide.According to sources, Arti Pande passed Class XII of the MP Board of Secondary Education in 1984. A widow, she was to be appointed to the railways on compassionate grounds. But her mark-sheet showed her birth date as 1.00.1900 even though her birth date was 1976. This was creating problems in her appointment, Board office sources said.She had been trying to get the birth date changed for the past one-and-a-half years. She had visited Bhopal , travelling all the way from Allahabad many times.On Tuesday, Pandey tried to immolate herself by dousing kerosene oil. Before she could be successful, officials stopped her and took her to the board secretary.Board office PRO SK Chourasia cited a high court ruling and called it a 'planned attempt' to coerce the board.\"There is a high court ruling which says that all mark-sheets can only be amended in three years. She had applied for the amendment only on the basis of the affidavit which is insufficient,\" he said.\"We had repeatedly asked her to provide necessary documents at least. Also because of the high court ruling, it is not possible,\" he said.The board office also issued a statement stating that Arti Pandey had threatened and used abusive language against board officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13188347", "title": "Dacoit nabbed after encounter in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: A wanted dacoit, Mokham Singh, who escaped from jail four years ago, was arrested by police after a brief encounter in Lasaniya village in Ajmer district on Wednesday. There are more than three dozen cases of loot, abduction and other cases registered against him in the region.He was arrested by a special team constituted by inspector general of police Anil Paliwal. \"We started tracing Mokham by the mobile number he was using and found that he used to come to his house in Lasaniya village,\" said Paliwal. A pistol and bullets were recovered from him.In the past ten years, there are dozens of criminal cases registered against Mokham. \"It was team work and the guidance of IG after tracing the mobile details resulted in finding his location,\" said Rajesh Meena, superintendent of police.Mokham was arrested nearly five years ago and the court sent him to jail but he jumped jail. Since then he was at large and has been committing crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13176853", "title": "Fighting over Facebook post, class X boy stabs schoolmate", "text": "NEW DELHI: A picture posted on Facebook led to such bitterness among two Class X students of a well-known private school in central Delhi that one of them stabbed the other with a paper cutter in school on Wednesday morning.The victim suffered six stab wounds, with the cutter slashing through his veins. He was rushed to the Ganga Ram Hospital in Rajender Nagar where an operation was conducted to stop the bleeding. The boy is now reported to be stable.On Sunday, the attacker had warned the victim through a text message that he would be attacked in school. Not taking the threat seriously, the victim deleted the message after sharing it with friends and did not inform his parents or the school authorities about it, police said.Friends and family members of the victim said the two boys, both 15 years old, turned bitter rivals after they attended a party some time ago. \"Someone clicked a group photo at the party. The accused allegedly circulated a cropped photo of the victim with another student which was objected to by the victim. This led to tension between the two,'' said a family relative.The attack took place around 7.25am near the school staircase. \"The boys studied in different sections of Class X. For the past few days, there was some animosity between the two,\" said the school principal when contacted on phone.\"The school starts at 7.30am. These two boys arrived at the staircase and started fighting. One of them attacked the other with a sharp object, leaving gashes on his left hand. We have a tie-up with Ganga Ram Hospital and the injured student was taken there. Since it was a medico-legal case, the hospital authorities asked us to join the investigations,'' the principal said.The principal said the school's prime concern was to ensure the quick recovery of the victim. \"We can then decide on some disciplinary action,\" he added.According to the victim's mother, the teenager had earlier complained of being bullied by the accused. \"We got a call in the morning that we should come to the school. Twenty minutes later, we were told that my son was being taken to hospital as he had suffered injuries,'' she said.She said she became aware of the alleged SMS only on Wednesday. \"He had deleted the SMS threatening him of an impeding attack by the same boy,'' the mother claimed. The victim's father is a cloth merchant. Both boys live in west Delhi.The accused's mother said her son was \"repentant\" over his actions. \"He has told me that he suddenly lost his cool when he heard bad words spoken about one of his sisters. However, we have told him his actions cannot be justified. He is at present not feeling well and has been advised rest,'' she said.Additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav said a DD entry had been made about the attack at Rajender Nagar police station. Sources said the child will be asked to be present before the Juvenile Justice Board.A Ganga Ram Hospital spokesperson said the boy was recovering well. \"We found he had suffered six sharp wounds. But no major injury was noticed.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181523", "title": "Arunkumar Tikku murder case: Same agent got fake passports for accused", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the murders of senior citizen Arunkumar Tikku and aspiring producer Karan Kakkar have learnt that the same agent had arranged fake passports for the main accused, Vijay Palande, his wife Simran Sud and their associate Manoj Gajkosh. The passports were issued by the Delhi passport office, said the police.Simran's real name is Simran Dasoj. \"It is not clear why Simran took Sud as her surname and Palande changed his name to Karan Sud,\" said additional commissioner of police Deven Bharti, adding that the Mumbai police have sought the help of the Delhi passport office for more information on Simran's passport which was issued in 2010, the year she married Palande.Police also believe that the same agent had helped deported gangster Santosh Shetty obtain a passport. Shetty's passport, too, was issued from Delhi in 2007. Palande and Shetty met in Nashik jail in 2010 where the former was serving a sentence for the murder of Juhu resident Anup Das and his father.Shetty was deported by the police and was lodged in the jail.Once the passport office confirms the accused had used fake documents, the crime branch will register a fake passport case against Palande, Sud, Gajkosh and their associate Dhananjay Shinde, who has also been arrested in connection with the twin murders. Crime branch officials said they gave false addresses and information to procure the passport.According to the regional passport office, Delhi, Palande gave a false address. as C-560, galli nom 3, Krishna Nagar Delhi.Police have also raised doubts about his date of birth, which is mentioned as December 12, 1970 in the passport. Shinde's passport lists his name as Dhananjay Kailash Shinde when his real name is Jagdish Kailash Shejav. Shinde's passport was issued from Haryana.Palande, Shinde, Manoj Gajkosh and Simran have been arrested for killing Delhi based consultant Karan Kakkar and senior citizen Arun Tikku.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13180648", "title": "Anti-tobacco drive in Mumbai schools makes its mark: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: A new study conducted in the city says that anti-tobacco messages delivered at schools lowered the use of tobacco among youth. Conducted jointly by the Harvard School of Public Health and city-based Healis Seksharia Institute for Public Health, the study was published recently in medical journal PLOS One's online edition.The study looked at two groups of students-one from government-run schools who were exposed to Salaam Bombay Foundation's life-skills tobacco control project and others that had not been exposed to the anti-smoking messages.\"Fewer students in Salaam Bombay's schools were likely to smoke (4.1%) as compared to students in other schools (8.7%) after the first year of the programme,\" said Dr P C Gupta from Healis Seksharia Institute. \"More students in the schools with intervention were knowledgeable about tobacco control laws, including the law that prohibits individuals smoking in public places and the law that prohibits sale of tobacco products to minors,\" he added. These students are also been taught to refuse tobacco from peers.\"This study shows that school-based tobacco programmes significantly reduce tobacco use,\" said Dr Gupta.Salaam Bombay Foundation provides in-school programming to almost 50,000 children between the ages of 10 and 17 in 147 government-run schools in Mumbai. The Harvard researchers used a special program to compare the effectiveness of SBF's programme by comparing eighth- and ninth-grade students in intervention schools to 8th grade students in schools that did not receive the programme.Approximately 5 million Indian children are addicted to tobacco. Uneducated youth and those from a lower socio-economic strata have higher levels of tobacco consumption because of easy availability of tobacco, said Salaam Bombay Foundation's team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178941", "title": "Swedish writer found backing Reds: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Wednesday informed the Rajya Sabha that the home ministry had noted an instance where a foreigner was found to be extending his support to the CPI (Maoist) and its front organizations. It, however, added that there is \"no direct evidence\" to suggest that foreigners are engaged in an organized way to help the Maoists.Referring to the instance, MoS for home affairs Jitendra Singh told the Upper House that a pro-Maoist Swedish author, Jan Myrdal, had visited India in January and attended CPI (Maoist) conventions in Kolkata, Hyderabad, Ludhiana and Delhi.Singh said Myrdal supported CPI(Maoist) ideology of armed struggle against the state and spoke at length in a seminar in Delhi on the topic - 'Let's stand against the Indian state's war on people' - organized by 'Forum Against War on People', a front organization of the CPI(Maoist).\"Myrdal during his stay in India advised CPI (Maoist) to garner support from the middle class in India by focusing on propaganda against security forces and highlighting human rights issues,\" he said.The minister said the CPI (Maoist) had a number of front organizations active in many states and it resorted to over ground activities to mobilize support.\"It has also been noticed that when CPI (Maoist) activists are arrested in different parts of India, a concerted campaign is launched by sending hundreds of identical email, many of them originating from foreign countries. Some of these front organizations clandestinely receiving foreign funds cannot be ruled out,\" he said.Singh said CPI (Maoist) has developed close fraternal ties with many insurgent groups in the north-east, especially RPF/PLA of Manipur, and the outfit has trans-border linkages with certain groups.\"The government is closely monitoring the situation. Such issues are regularly taken up with the countries concerned at the diplomatic level,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13187472", "title": "Ex-minister\u2019s family misled us in murder probe: Tamil Nadu cops", "text": "CHENNAI: Investigations into the sensational murder of K N Ramajayam, brother of former DMK minister K N Nehru, have revealed that he was not abducted and that his death occurred at least a few hours earlier than what was initially believed. Police officers wasted more than a month in pursuing false leads, it is learnt.The family of the Trichy businessman is suspected of misleading investigators on the circumstances of his death in order to withhold information on his personal life.Ramajayam's rise as a businessman in central Tamil Nadu coincided with his politician-brother's growing clout within the DMK. He was arrested in a land-grab case after the AIADMK came to power and was out on bail at the time of the murder.A senior official said, \"Ramajayam's wife gave us a written statement saying he had left their house at Thillai Nagar in Trichy around 5.20am on March 29. Hence, our efforts were to find out what happened between 5.20am and 9.00am, when his body was found, limbs tied with wires and tape, on the banks of Cauvery river. The post-mortem report, surprisingly , did not mention the time of death.\"Only after the police raised queries did experts mention the time of death in a revised autopsy report, which came a week ago. The report said he was killed before 2.30 am on March 29, putting the time of death a few hours earlier than believed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13182991", "title": "Congmen stage dharna to protest power crisis", "text": "GAYA: Congress workers on Wednesday staged dharna outside the office of the Magadh Area Board general manager to register protest against the acute power crisis prevailing in the town.With rising mercury and dipping power, the nearly half-a-million residents of Gaya town virtually spend sleepless nights as power is hardly available for a couple of hours at night and that too, in instalments of 15 and 30 minutes.The dharna was led by former BPCC secretary, Vijay Kumar Mithu. The protestors raised full-throated slogans against CM Nitish Kumar and energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav reminding the former of his promises on the power front. Demanding immediate implementation of the assurance to ensure regular and uninterrupted power supply to the town, the protestors said that the ongoing power crisis has also triggered water crisis in the town and adjoining areas.Threatening to paralyse life in the district on May 22 if the situation did not improve by then, the Congress protestors also submitted a memorandum addressed to chairman, Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB). The memorandum demanded power supply for a minimum of 22 hours and recruitment of sufficient number of skilled workers to rectify the frequent snags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13180351", "title": "Mumbai businessman files PIL to bring properties less than 500 sq ft under tax net", "text": "MUMBAI: \"When a luxury car like BMW and a small car like Nano pay the same toll tax, then why exempt properties below 500 sq ft from tax?\" asked a PIL filed in the Bombay high court.The petition by businessman Rajendra Phanse has urged the HC to direct the BMC to recover Rs 8,000 crore property tax arrears by bringing all properties under the tax net. At present Mumbai's tax revenue is Rs 2,800 crore.His petition has challenged implementation of the capital value-based property tax, based on the ready reckoner, saying the BMC has increased tax without first implementing the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) reforms on property tax. The petition said that since the JNNURM's inception, BMC has availed of its grants but neglected its reforms including tax recovery. The JNNURM scheme ends in December 2012.The petition further said that in the preceding years, BMC's average property tax recovery has been around 65%, which is much below the benchmark of minimum 85% mandated by the JNNURM for getting grants from it. The reforms call for proper mapping of properties using a geographical information system so that the urban local body can have a full record of properties in the city, bring them under the tax net and improve collections to achieve at least 85% of demand. The petition says to fulfil the financial criteria by hook or crook, BMC has hiked the property tax without justifiable reasons. \"The property taxhike is unequal and meting out injustice to part of the property holders in Mumbai. There is no uniformity and logic in the hiked property tax rates,'' it states.Phanse's petition has relied on news reports, which state that out of 14.2 lakh residential properties in the city, nearly 7.4 lakh, which are less than 500 sq ft (including chawls), shall be totally exempt from taxes. On the other hand, nearly 2.75 lakh properties will see property tax rates hike up to 100%.Giving these instances, Phanse has urged the HC to direct BMC not to change the earlier tax collection system pending hearing and also sought stay on the bills issued at new rates to property holders. The PIL was mentioned by Phanse's advocate V P Patil before a vacation division bench of Justices A M Thipsay and Ramesh Dhanuka. \"It will affect all tax-payers,\" said Patil.The PIL has been tagged with another matter in respect of Thane Municipal Corporation, which is posted for hearing on June 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13182987", "title": "Shopkeeper murdered in Talaja", "text": "RAJKOT: A 40-year-old shopkeeper was murdered in Talaja town of Bhavnagar district on Wednesday morning.The deceased has been identified as Raju Parmar, living in Vav Chowk in the town.Police said that Parmar was attacked with some sharp-edged weapons by one Haji Khatki when he was opening his shop in the morning. Parmar was rushed to the hospital where he died.His family members told police that Khatki wanted to grab their house and tussle was on since last few months.\"We have arrested Khatki and are investigating the real cause of the murder,'' said investigating officer A B Gohil of Talaja town police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13191279", "title": "Food safety norms set to get tougher from August", "text": "MANGALORE: All food business operators (FBO)- from transporters to sellers - will need to comply with the rules under Food Safety and Standards (FSS) Act 2006 by applying for license before August 4. It will become obligatory on all FBOs including big hoteliers, small canteens, road side vendors, wholesalers, retailers, stockists' and food item sellers including grocers to obtain licences under the act.Ujjwal Kumar, country head of CQM Quality Management Private Limited, the certification body approved by the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), said that non-compliance with the provisions of the act and its rules would conform to offences and would attract penalties upto Rs 10 lakh and a maximum punishment of life imprisonment depending on the nature of the offence.Delivering a talk on the act here on Wednesday, Ujjwal said that all the eight existing acts, which control the food security and standards in the nation, would either be repealed or merged with the FSS Act after it comes to force on August 5. As per the act, FSSAI would function as a single reference point for all matters related to food safety and standards in the nation, he added.Primary food produces of agriculture, horticulture, animal husbandry, dairy farming, aquaculture, genetically modified food, catering, alcoholic drinks and food additives of all kind would be covered under the act, he said. The FBOs in the government sectors too are not excluded from the purview of the act.On usage of additives in the form chemicals in food items, Ujjwal said that manufacturers would have no freedom to procure any kind additives other than those prescribed while obtaining the licence.Petty FBOs, whose annual business turnover is less than Rs 12 lakh need not apply for licence. They will have to register with the authority. Meanwhile, FBOs, whose annual turnover is above Rs 12 lakh will need to apply for a licence. There will be one authorized laboratory in each district in the nation to check the food security and standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13177914", "title": "Two die in e-way accident", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Noida Expressway on Wednesday when a Tata Magic van (shared auto) they were travelling in dashed against a tractor trolley a couple of kilometers from Pari Chowk around 8.30pm. Three others were injured in the incident.The Greater Noida police have identified the deceased as Rajkumar and Neetu, residents of Greater Noida. The injured were co-passengers. Police said that the tractor driver fled the accident scene and is absconding. Police said the tractor hit the van while it was heading to Greater Noida from Noida. The impact of the mishap was such that the van's driver lost control over the vehicle.The two victims died instantly. The injured are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13164366", "title": "Rima plays with power again", "text": "After 22 Female Kottayam, actress Rima Kallingal has been signed on for yet another woman-oriented role in scripwriter Ananthapadmanabhan's debutRima Kallingal seems to have become the most sought after heroine for anyone who's looking to cast an actress in a strong woman-oriented role. Her latest signing, that comes close on the heels of her critically acclaimed role in 22 Female Kottayam (22FK), is Venalinte Kalaneekkangal.Rima essays the role of Savithri, who also happens to be the mother of two. \"After 22FK, I wanted a change. That film had drained me emotionally. It took me about a month to return to being myself,\" says Rima. \"But, I could not resist taking on Venalinte Kalaneekkangal. It's a really good role,\" says the actress, suggesting that she's on to yet another overpowering role.Incidentally, this film is being scripted by debutant Ananthapadmanabhan, who also happens to be the son of ace director Padmarajan. The writer marks his entry in tinsel town over a decade after his father passed away. The film will be directed by debutant K B Venu. \"It's essentially a woman-centric story. It's about the summer in a young woman's mind. It starts during summer and ends during summer,\" says Ananthapadmanabhan. \"It's also a feel-good movie. The game of chess also plays the protagonist. The moves in the game reflect in the lives of the characters onscreen,\" he explains. \"In the game, the queen is the most powerful pawn. Once she is struck, the kingdom is destroyed or the game is close to over. So is the case with a family. A woman is the most powerful person in that kingdom,\" he says. The shoot will begin in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13191209", "title": "Remove sun films on cars by May 31: Police", "text": "MANGALORE: Pratap Reddy, inspector general of police (IGP), Western Range, has requested the public to remove black films from windows and windshields of their vehicles by May 31.From June 1, drivers and owners of vehicles with dark tinted films will be penalized. The vehicles would also be seized for the removal of the films, said IGP Pratap Reddy.He also directed police to start campaigns to educate the public on the new rule.According to a recent Supreme Court order all vehicles should have a visibility of 70% visibility for front and rear glasses and 50% for the side glasses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184403", "title": "Admission to UG courses in Calcutta University from June 28", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta University has decided to start admissions for undergraduate courses in all affiliated colleges from June 28 after the higher secondary examination results are published.Merit lists for admission to all honours degree courses will be published by colleges within June 25. Admissions will begin from June 28.First year classes will commence from the third week of July but the last date for admissions to various courses in colleges is August 6. \"Students can change their subjects till August 31,\" said a senior CU official. The last date for submission of registration forms will be September 17 (without late fine) and September 28 (with late fine).Candidates who passed the 10+2 examination from different boards on or after 2009 will be eligible to seek admission to the first year courses provided they have passed in English with full marks not less than 100.While calculating the aggregate marks of students, the best four subjects will be taken into consideration. Marks secured in Environment Science will not be considered in the best four subjects unless it is taken as an elective subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13187841", "title": "Nashik municipal corporation issues showcause notice to school over fee hike", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik municipal corporation's (NMC) education department issued a show cause notice on Wednesday to Rasbihari International School (RIS) following a meeting with the Parents and Teachers association (PTA) on Tuesday regarding a fee hike introduced by the school. The school has been asked to reply by Saturday.The parents of students studying at RIS had staged a rasta roko on April 30 to protest against the alleged steep hike in tuition fees by the school's management. The fees had been hiked from Rs 1,900 to Rs 3,100 per month.The demonstration was temporarily suspended after police officials intervened and spoke to parents and the school administration. A decision was taken to hold a joint meeting on the issue between the school chairman, its trustees and parents on May 22.Meanwhile, the PTA of the school met the education officer with their grievances, on two occasions. The officer assured them that he would be present on May 22 and issued a show cause notice to the school on Wednesday.\"The fees have been hiked exorbitantly without consulting the PTA. Also, no school can give instructions specifically stating that school material such as books, uniforms etc. have to be purchased fromcertain stores only. The school authorities have sent us a written notification with such instructions on April 30, which was the last day of school. The education officer assured us at our meeting with the education department on Tuesday, that fees cannot be hiked at will, neither can a compulsion be made regarding school-related purchases,\" said S K Jain, a PTA member. Education officer Nitin Upasani said that the school cannot increase fees since no valid reason has been given by them.\"We have issued show cause notice on three issues and have askedthe school to give its explanations by Saturday. The school cannot hike the fees by 63% or so because it is not possible to raise the salary of the teachers by 60%. If there was a proposal it would have come to me. Secondly, we did not get any audit reply from them. The school authorities said that they would expel the students if the fees were not paid,\" Upasani said.He said that such instances are not uncommon in private schools but parents need to be aware and proactive like those of RIS.School authorities when approached over the issue of the notice being given to them, said that they had not received the show cause notice yet and would decide on their reply only after they had received it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179406", "title": "Three held for duping trader", "text": "PUNE: Three persons were arrested on Tuesday for allegedly duping a trader in Market Yard to the tune of Rs 6 lakh between May 1 and 9 at Pimpri.The Market Yard police have identified the suspects as Dilip Medhani (28), Sandip Dhavani (24) and Kapil Makhija (28), all from Ulhasnagar. The complainant was grocery trader Lalit Botra.Senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav told TOI that, posing as representatives of a grocery depot in Pimpri, the suspects contacted Botra on his cell phone on May 1 and ordered grocery items worth Rs 6 lakh. \"Botra sent the grocery items to the depot at Pimpri. The suspects loaded those items in their truck and disappeared.\"\"When Botra called the suspects on their cell phone for payments, he found that the phone was switched off. He got suspicious and lodged a complaint with us,\" Jadhav said. During investigations, Jadhav received a tip that the suspects would be coming near a petrol pump at Pimpri on Tuesday. \"We laid a trap and nabbed them,\" he said.\"Investigations have revealed that, the suspects have duped several traders in Market Yard the same way. They had sold off the grocery items in Bhiwandi, Rajgurunagar and Kamshet. We have seized grocery items worth Rs 5 lakh from the suspects,\" Jadhav said.The investigating team comprised inspector Vilas Sonde and constables Subrao Lad, Nitin Kamble and V R Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13201168", "title": "Lopez loves reading tabloids", "text": "Singer Jennifer Lopez says she finds tabloids extremely entertaining, but sometimes gets upset by what she reads.\"Magazines are quite fun. I get mad when they say things that are not true about me, but I enjoy looking at what everybody's wearing. I am a girl like everybody else,\" femalefirst.co.uk quoted the 42-year-old Lopez as saying.The mother of four-year-old twins Max and Emme is currently a judge on talent show \" American Idol \".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13177605", "title": "Farmers allege being misled by Noida Authority", "text": "NOIDA: Even as Greater Noida Authority has begun the procedure for filing an appeal in the Supreme Court after its review petition was rejected by the Allahabad high court, farmers from Noida and Greater Noida allege authorities have misled them. Farmers say the Authority promised to pay hiked compensation and larger percentage of developed plots in accordance with the court verdict, but, on the contrary, is filing review petitions against the order. Farmers held protests in Sector 118 of Noida threatening to stall work of developers. They held a panchayat in Bisrakh threatening to gherao the Authority office if the high court order is not implemented.Farmers have set the deadline of May 25 for Greater Noida Authority to settle all abadi-related disputes, among other demands, which are not related to clearance of Master Plan 2021 by the NCR Planning Board (NCRPB). They have threatened to gherao the Authority office from June 1 if the issue is not resolved.Similarly, farmers from villages of Parthala Khanjarpur and Sarfabad in Noida staged a protest near a builder's under-construction project in Sector 118 over non-payment of compensation.\"The Authority has not been resolving these disputes under the pretext that its Master Plan 2021 is awaiting clearance from the NCRPB,\" said farmer leader, Manvir Bhati. \"Instead of giving us plots and compensation as per the high court order, they are now going to Supreme Court against the order. All the while, they have been maintained that work on giving developed plots would begin soon,\" added Bhati.On Tuesday, Greater Noida farmers presented a memorandum of their demands to the Authority, which included, among other things, allotment of developed plots beside 12m roads and not beside narrower roads, allotment of 120 sqm plots to landless agriculture workers and payment of compensation to bereaved farmers on presentation of certificates of inheritance. \"The Authority has promised us of working on these demands from May 18,\" added Bhati.Farmers in Noida villages have alleged that though the Noida Authority has enough land at its disposal, it is not taking steps towards disbursing it. \"We will intensify our protests by targeting properties of builders in the coming days,\" said Lala Yadav, farmer leader from Parthala village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189346", "title": "ICSE and CBSE schools say implementing Act not practical this year", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Federation of Independent Schools' Management (KFISM) Associations, with 284 CBSE and ICSE schools under its umbrella, has left it to the state government to tell them if they must nullify 25% of the admissions made so far, to make way for the EWS quota students under RTE.\"We welcome the Act, but it is highly unlikely that the member schools will be able to implement the Act this academic year. There are 132 ICSE and 152 CBSE schools under the association and all of them completed the admission process in October. We have a practical problem, and want the government to give us a solution. If the government directs us to nullify 25% of our admissions, we are ready,\" said LR Shivramegowda, president, KFISM.Around 100 members of KFISM met on Wednesday to decide on the next step of the implementation of RTE. The federation also cited the SC's judgment, stating that status quo should be maintained on the completed admissions. \"We are not seeking any legal remedy. ICSE and CBSE schools do not come under the Karnataka Education Act, so there was no question of us following the admission calendar issued by the government. If the government had notified us in time, this problem would never have occurred,\" said Shivramegowda.Asked if they would increase their intake, he said: \"Where is the space and infrastructure to add more students? We are already facing difficulties getting good teachers, where will we get more to maintain the PTR (pupil teacher ratio) of 1:30, as stated in the Act? It will only affect the quality of education,\" said Mansoor Ali Khan, general secretary, Management of Independent CBSE Schools Association and secretary, Delhi Public School.The association also raised objections on the reimbursement amount fixed by the government. \"The issue is secondary, but the amount fixed is meagre. There cannot be one slab fixed for all. The government should reconsider the amount,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178682", "title": "Loss for road accident victims, gain for insurers: Opposition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition parties are planning to seek a division in Lok Sabha on Thursday on the motor vehicle (amendment) bill on the ground that it is discriminates against victims and is loaded in favour of insurance firms.Opposition parties like BJD, AIADMK, JD (U) are likely to oppose provisions of the bill that they feel are intended to disadvantage the policyholders. The bill was discussed on Wednesday, and is slated to be voted on Thursday.Though similar observations were made by some members of Left parties when the bill was first introduced in Rajya Sabha, the proposed legislation was passed in its present form with voice vote.\"We will demand a division in the House since we feel that some of the provisions of the proposed bill favour insurance companies,\" said BJP MP Bhartruhari Mahatab. During Wednesday's discussion, some other MPs from opposition benches objected to the provisions like putting a uniform cap on compensation in case deaths and injuries.The amendments moved by road transport minister C P Joshi propose that in respect of death of any person in a hit-and-run accident, compensation would be Rs 1 lakh and in the case of grievous injury it would be Rs 50,000.MPs are annoyed at capping of compensation for death of any working person and permanent disability of an earning member at Rs 10 lakh. Similarly, for grievous injury the amount would be Rs 50,000 and for non-grievous hurt it would be Rs 20,000.One of the amendments proposed says in case of a simple injury no compensation would be entertained unless it is claimed within six months from the date of accident.Moreover, the bill has a provision that the claims tribunal can award interim compensation only up to Rs 1 lakh in case of death or permanent disablement and Rs 50,000 in case of permanent partial disablement such as loss of limb or sight.Proposing to fix the compensation for victims the amendment Bill proposes that any non-earning child less than five years would be Rs 1 lakh and Rs 1.5 lakh for persons above five years.The provisions incorporated in the bill also fix Rs 50,000 as claims for medical expenses in case of death or disability. MPs want that the issue of fixing the compensation should be left to the courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13188977", "title": "Survey finds proof of illegal occupation of Calicut University land", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The land survey conducted by the Calicut University syndicate subcommittee to identify encroachments and construction of illegal structures has found out further evidence of illegal occupation of varsity land and unauthorized construction by various employee societies and chairs.The committee has found that the EMS Chair for Marxian Studies and Research has around 43 cents of land in their possession even when there was no record in the varsity on the allotment of land for the chair.Subcommittee member K Sivaraman said that as per university rules all the chairs in the varsity are entitled to only 20 cents of land. \"The EMS Chair is occupying 43 cents of land and there is no official record in the varsity regarding land allotment to the chair. Further, the four buildings set up by the chair, including the seminar hall, have not been approved by the varsity,\" he said.The subcommittee members said the contention by the authorities of the EMS Chair that the varsity had not framed any rules for land allotment when the chair was allotted the land does not hold ground. They members said the seminar hall was built in the land adjoining their main building in 2008 when there was clear rules stating that all the chairs are to be provided only 20 cents of land.The committee members said that it was found during the survey that the Calicut University Employees Cooperative Store has encroached 3.5 cents while the Women's Cooperative Society has encroached 3 cents of land. Both the societies are run by CPM- affiliated unions.The Women's Welfare Society run by the Congress- affiliated Calicut University Staff Organization (CUSO) has also been found to be running a hotel in the land allotted to the society.Syndicate member TP Ashraf Ali said the report of the sub-committee will be placed in the syndicate meeting to be held on May 18. The syndicate meeting will also decide on ways to recover land lost by way of encroachments and removal of unauthorized structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13182088", "title": "Gujarat government restricts movement of gangster Sylvester", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has invoked section 268 of IPC against Sylvester Daniel, a key witness in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case and an accused in the Popular Builders firing incident.During the hearing of a bail plea filed by Sylvester, the special prosecutor in the Popular Builders firing case told the city sessions court about restrictions imposed on the accused. Following this, additional sessions judge D Y Malik on Wednesday refused to release him on bail. He is lodged in Vadodara Central Jail. The restrictions were imposed on his movement in prison after he showed unruly behaviour in custody.In October last, he escaped from police escort in his house in Udaipur, when he was taken there for court proceeding from Vadodara. He was re-arrested the next day, but by then he allegedly travelled to Ajmer and brought a weapon with him. Sylvester escaped a couple of days before the court was to adjudge his bail application. Sylvester was granted bail earlier by Gujarat high court, but it was cancelled after he furnished bogus surety. He was shifted to Vadodara prison for security purpose after cops arrested in the fake encounter case were lodged in Sabarmati Central Jail.The court denied bail to him citing his history and criminal antecedent, for he was also allegedly involved in crime in Rajasthan when he was released on bail by various courts in the past. Syslever and Tulsiram Prajapati opened fire at Popular Builders office in Navrangpura in December 2004. tnnIt was alleged that they committed the offence at the behest of Sohrabuddin. A year later, Sohrabuddin was bumped off by Gujarat and Rajasthan police. Later, in 2006, Tulsiram was also killed in a police encounter.In all, more than 20 policemen are behind the bars in connection with these two encounters, wherein Sylvester is a key witness.Interestingly, the charge sheet filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the fake encounter case unveiled the conspiracy behind the Popular Builders firing incident. The central agency has accused suspended IPS officers D G Vanzara and Abhay Chudasama of designing the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13188868", "title": "RCB to bring Kozhikode &amp; Kochi closer by 40km", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Chamravattom regulator-cum-bridge across Nila to be opened to public by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Thursday will cut short the distance between Kozhikode and Kochi by 40km.The bridge connecting Ponnani and Tirur is an alternative to the existing route through Kottakkal, Valancheri, Kuttipuram, Edappal and Thrissur.Permits have already been sanctioned to 28 KSRTC buses to operate services through the bridge. It is learnt that the KSRTC will operate 16 superfast buses, and 12 town-to-town services between Kozhikode-Ernakulam, and Kozhikode-Guruvayoor.Expectations are high among the trade bodies in the district as the bridge is expected to boost tourism and trade in the region.The general secretary of Tirur Chamber of Commerce P P Abdul Rahman said Ponnani and Tirur would be the major beneficiaries of the developments.\"The traffic through the bridge will give a new lease of life to the trade centres,\" he said.But the poor condition of the roads from Chamravattom to Tirur and Tanur continue to be cause of concern. \"The Thazhepalam bridge in the route would be reconstructed and a new bus stand would be built in Tirur to accommodate the 28 KSRTC buses which are going to start service through Chamravattom bridge,\" Rahman said.Even though the Chamravattom project was started as a major irrigation project for the district with the support of Centre-sponsored schemes, the bridge is also a part of the proposed coastal highway from Ponnani to Vengalam in Kozhikode.Elaborate arrangements have been made for the inaugural function of the bridge. Union minister of state for external affairs E Ahamed, industry minister P K Kunhalikutty, power minister Aryadan Muhammed, tourism minster A P Anilkumar, education minister P K Abdurabb and others will attend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13189486", "title": "CPM trying to scuttle murder probe: RMP", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Left Coordination Committee (LCC) has said that CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan was trying to scuttle the ongoing probe into the murder of RMP leader TP Chandrasekharan by declaring that the days of the UDF government are numbered.Speaking at a press conference here, LCC president K S Hariharan said the Pinarayi's statement was aimed at intimidating the police officials probing the case.\"The statement that the post- Neyyattinkara political situation in the state would ensure the fall of UDF government was a warning to the police officers. It is aimed at scuttling the probe when the investigation was directly leading to the role of CPM leaders in the murder,\" he said.Hariharan said that the CPM local committee members who have been arrested in the case so far were just foot soldiers in the conspiracy chain. \"Those who are in the police net are just small fish. The investigation should bring out the people who were responsible for the conspiracy,\" he said.Lashing out at the CPM for accusing RMP of political ambitions, he said TP had turned down the UDF proposal to make him a candidate in the last parliamentary elections from Vadakara.They said that it was shameful that CPM was repeating its 'innocence' in the murder of TP even after two of its local committee leaders have been arrested by the police.RMP leader N Venu and LCC Vice President P Kumaran Kutty also attended the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13177553", "title": "New bill may usher in transparency in realty sector", "text": "NAGPUR: The bill to promote construction and sale of flats on ownership basis and establishment of the housing regulatory authority (HRA), has been mainly in the news for HRA.However, there are several other aspects of the bill that may bring about major changes in the realty sector. In case of violation of clauses, HRA will decide upon the matter. The bill has been referred to the joint legislative committee and views and suggestions have been invited from members.One of the important clauses is that if a person pays an advance on the basis of information contained in the advertisement or prospectus and sustains loss or damage due to wilful untrue statements then the promoter will have to return the entire amount along with interest. At times, major amenities like swimming pool and gymnasium are not provided. However, the person will have to withdraw from the project.If a purchaser fails to pay dues of the promoter within three months then the promoter can deny him essential supplies and services. This happens in practice but there is no law.The promoter will have to pay local taxes, water charges, electricity bill, etc until the flats are transferred to purchasers. He may include this money in the flat cost. The promoter will continue to be liable even after transfer of flats to authority to whom the amount is payable. Today, the flat owners' society has to check whether all dues have been paid by the builder.In case a major defect in the building comes to notice within three years of transfer of property then it will have to be rectified by the promoter without charging anything from the flat owners. There is no such provision today in law.If the promoter is unable to hand over possession of the duly completed flat as per terms of the agreement then if the purchaser demands he will have to refund the amount received by him for the flat with interest. Purchaser can demand the same even today but this usually benefits the builder because of price escalation.Big builders are happy with the bill as they feel that it will stop small time builders from hoodwinking buyers and thus improve the image of the fraternity. Vijay Kumar of IPSEL Ventures &amp; Realty said, \"In Mumbai, most prefer buying resale property because they have no faith in builders. This is a shame. The bill will certainly change this scenario.\"Ground reality* Builder will have to compensate buyer if he incurs loss due to misleading advertisement of the property* In case builder does not pay water and electricity bills until the flats were transferred then he will be liable* If a major defect in the building comes to notice within three years, the builder will have to repair it* If builder doesn't hand over property within specified time then purchaser can ask for refund with interest* Written agreement of sale must before accepting more than 20% cost of flat as advance* This agreement must contain all details of the flat scheme or township* If a cooperative society is required to be formed for a flat scheme then the builder will apply for the same* A township builder can do extra construction if construction rules change but can't reduce open spaces* The layout, including garden, playground, etc can be modified from time to time as permitted by law* Builder can't float advertisement for scheme or take advance unless same is displayed on HRA website* If builder wants to add floors in a township then he'll have to get nod from persons who booked flats", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13190119", "title": "Teenager feared drowned", "text": "GUWAHATI: Sibu Das (15), a resident of Childline shelter home, was feared drowned in the Brahmaputra near Sukreshwar temple ghat. Sibu could not come out of the river after he and his three friends went for swimming in the river on Wednesday morning.Police said, \"These boys usually come to the ghat and are addicted to glue-sniffing. Some locals tried to stop them but they did not listen.\" Locals accused the district administration and police of inaction and blamed them for failing to protect the river banks as assured. NDRF is on a search for the boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13189832", "title": "No summer fun for teachers of aided schools", "text": "PANAJI: Teachers of aided institutions are not having a very pleasant summer vacation this year as their salaries for the month of April are more than 15 days late. The angry teachers have threatened that the state government will feel the heat at the panchayat elections and the upcoming Cortalim bypolls.\"Teachers from aided schools receive their salaries late each month as a long and complicated procedure is involved. We had spoken to the authorities for the procedure to be simplified and this was agreed upon. But even as the transition to the new procedure is taking place, there has been a criminal delay in April salaries due to lethargy on the part of the DoE,\" said Vithoba Dessai, president of All Goa Secondary School Teachers' Association.While teachers of government schools get their salaries credited directly to their bank accounts, in case of teachers of aided schools, Dessai said, the salary cheques are transferred from the directorate of accounts to the directorate of education, from there it goes to the three zonal offices of DoE - one in South Goa, one in North Goa and one at the central zone.From the zones the cheques go to schools where their records are updated and then the salaries travel back to a bank in Panaji for processing, Dessai said.The DoE is working on simplifying the procedure for depositing salaries of teachers of aided institutions. \"We have been told by officials that the transition is causing further delays in the salaries. But the fact is that the officials began the process of issuing salaries as late as May 7. This has angered the teachers as it is coinciding with their summer vacations when they plan their holidays and need the money the most.\"Desai said, \"We warn the state government that they will see the impact of this in the panchayat elections as well as the Cortalim bypoll results,\" Dessai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13179944", "title": "SP to take up issue of 'missing' DMs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Failure of a majority of district magistrates and district police chiefs to comply with orders of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has made the government uneasy. On Wednesday, the government issued another circular in this regard making it mandatory for the district administrative and police heads to be available for the public for at least four days in a week to redress public grievances.The order came after the Samajwadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary took up the issue with the CM's office after a news channel aired a story showing how most of the DM's and SSP's were found missing from their respective offices when the news crews visited them on Wednesday morning.In some offices, the practice of officers not attending the public grievances was so well established that not a single complainant was present at the office to meet the authorities.Expressing surprise over the manner in which the orders of the CM were disobeyed, SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary took up the issue with the CM office following which a fresh circular was issued stating that it was compulsory for the DMs and SSPs to be available at their respective offices to meet the people for at least four days in a week.Sources said that the CM was also contemplating on introducing a mechanism that could help to verify the extent to which the government orders are being adhered to at the ground level.\"The chief minister is committed to help those who are usually left unheard. This was the only reason why the CM has issued the circular about senior officers meeting the people on regular basis. We have complaints stating that the orders of the CM are not being adhered to. I will appraise the CM about it and I am sure something will be worked out to ensure that this does not happen again,\" Chaudhary said talking to TOI on Wednesday afternoon.A couple of hours later, the CM office issued another circular underlining the earlier directives from the CM with fresh outlines of how to make the practice effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "13191789", "title": "Man kills brother\u2019s wife", "text": "NAWADA: A family dispute over merely 5 inches of land cost a housewife her life when she was beaten to death by her 'bhainsur' (elder brother of husband) at village Kushialbigha under Hisua police station in Nawada district on Tuesday night. The police recovered her body on Wednesday morning. Her husband, who also received grievous injuries, was brought to Nawada sadar hospital for treatment on Wednesday afternoon.According to sources, Tula Yadav and his younger brother, Deosharan Yadav, had a heated argument when the latter was constructing a pucca wall of his house. Tula accused Deosharan of encroaching upon 5 inches of land belonging to him.Deosharan's wife Barati Devi (40) contested Tula's claim and said that the land belonged to her. The argument led to Tula attacking Barati with a sharpedged weapon resulting in her death. Deosharan was severely injured when he tried to save his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178547", "title": "China violated Line of Actual Control 500 times in last two years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Needling India all along the unresolved 4,057-km Line of Actual Control (LAC), Chinese troops have crossed over into Indian territory over 500 times since January, 2010.But much more than the sheer number of these \"transgressions\" - the government refuses to call them \"intrusions\" - it's the increasingly aggressive behaviour of the 2.5-million-strong People's Liberation Army (PLA) along the LAC that remains a major worry.Many experts feel China, after building massive military infrastructure in Tibet Autonomous Region with five airbases, an extensive rail network and over 58,000-km of roads, is now resorting to \"a slow but steady cartographic aggression\" to keep India under pressure.The government, as always, played down the issue by holding the transgressions took place due to \"differing perceptions\" about where the LAC actually lies. \"Our security forces also continue to patrol all areas that fall within the Indian perception of the LAC,\" said defence minister A K Antony in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday.Union minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran, however, did admit the number of transgressions by PLA troops stood at 228 in 2010, 213 in 2011 and 64 till April.Similar figures, if not more, have been recorded in earlier years. The number of Chinese transgressions, as Antony said, have \"generally been as per established pattern\" during the last five years.But that does not detract from the fact that the PLA has been flexing its muscles through an aggressive border management policy to stake claim to disputed areas in all the three sectors - western (Ladakh), middle ( Uttarakhand , Himachal Pradesh ) and eastern (Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh ).Chinese troops, for instance, damaged a 200-feet long stonewall in Yangtse area of Tawang in Arunachal last year, which was subsequently re-built by India after lodging a strong protest with Beijing .Armed motorized as well as boat patrols by PLA in the strategically-located Trig Heights and Pangong Tso lake in eastern Ladakh have also intensified since 2009. Similarly, Chinese has stepped up claims along the 206-km border between Tibet and Sikkim , which India long considered was \"a settled matter\", with the so-called 2.1 sq km \"finger area\" in the northernmost tip of the state remaining a specific matter of concern.New Delhi hopes the new bilateral boundary coordination mechanism, which became operational two months ago after being inked during the 15th round of border talks between national security advisor Shivshankar Menon and his Chinese counterpart Dai Bingguo in January, will help prevent border flare-ups between the two armies.India also takes up \"specific incidents\" of transgressions by PLA through hotlines, flag meetings, border personnel meeting (BPM) and diplomatic channels. During the 4th India-China annual defence dialogue last December, India also told China that military patrols along the LAC should not be undertaken at night, nor should they \"surprise each other\". Moreover, laid-down stand-operating procedures to cool down tempers should be followed in the event of face-offs between the two armies.India also suggested the proposed BPM mechanism at Lipulekh in the middle sector should be shifted to the nearby Mana Pass to make it operational, to follow the ones already in place at Nathu La, Bumla, Spanggur and Kibithu-Damai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13182702", "title": "CCTV cameras at govt guesthouse go dead", "text": "MUMBAI: CCTV cameras installed at the state government guesthouse, Sahyadri, have been non-operational for several weeks. The building at Malabar Hill is a sensitive area as most VVIPs from the Union government and other states reside there during their visits here.A senior home department official said there are nearly two dozen cameras installed. The cameras installed to monitor action within the guesthouse and around are non-functional for several weeks, a senior Mantralaya official stated.Madhukar Pandey, additional commissioner of police (protection &amp; security) parried the question on whether the CCTVs are functional. \"Cameras were installed at the guesthouse more than 15 years ago. The cameras are old and need to be replaced. A decision to install 32 state-of-the-art cameras had been taken at a recent meeting at Mantralaya,\" Pandey added.The state government's apathy towards security has not gone well with top politicians. \"The home department should promptly respond and rectify the error when it comes to security,\" a senior Congress minister said.Vinod Tawde, leader of the opposition in the state legislative council, echoed the views. Taking a dig at the ruling Democratic Front government for ignoring security, the Bharatiya Janata Party leader said, \"If state administration is finding it difficult to maintain a handful of security gadgets installed at the guesthouse, how will it maintain a network of 5,000 CCTVs it intends to install across the city.\"Post-26/11, the government had announced the installation of a network of cameras at prominent religious places, crowded market areas, key government buildings and other sensitive areas of Mumbai.\"Three years after the terror attacks, measures to enhance security are not yet completely implemented. This clearly reflects the approach of the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party government to security and the common man,\" Tawde added.In 2011, the state cabinet gave an in-principle approval to the home department's plan to install 5,000 CCTV cameras in Mumbai at a cost of Rs 600 crore. Home minister R R Patil had made the presentation to the state cabinet highlighting high-tech security arrangements in London and had demanded similar arrangements in metros like Mumbai. Before making the presentation, Patil along with minister of state (home) Satej Patil, then additional chief secretary (home) Umesh Chandra Sarangi, IT secretary Rajesh Aggarwal, Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik and additional police commissioner Vineet Agarwal had visited London.Times ViewMumbaikars have got used to seeing non-functional closed-circuit television cameras at railway stations and other public places. But CCTVs not working at a government property, considered to be one of the most high-security places in the state, will come as a shocker to even those who are not shocked by government inefficiency any more. It's symptomatic of the total administrative apathy to security issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13164689", "title": "Bachelor Party is not similar to The Hangover: Amal Neerad", "text": "Apart from the few boys-will-be-boys scenes, director Amal Neerad says Bachelor Party has nothing in common with the Hollywood flickAmal Neerad's Bachelor Party is undoubtedly a film that targets the youth, especially men. With the online community debating whether the film's theme is similar to the Hollywood raunchy comedy The Hangover, director Amal clear the air.\"Bachelor Party's nothing similar to The Hangover. The flick might have few boys-will-be-boys, raunchy scenes, but that doesn't mean it only targets the male audience. It's got all elements of an entertainer and like its title suggests, it's about a bunch of bachelors having a blast,\" says the director.While he has just completed work on this, Amal has already begun work on the pre-production of the Mammootty- Prithviraj-starrer Arivaal Chuttika Nakshatram (ACN), which he hopes will go on floors by the end of this year.\"It's a vintage thriller set in the 1940s; so the pre-production work has to be on a massive scale,\" he says, referring to the artificial sets and background work. \"The next gargantuan step is to match the dates of two of Mollywood's busiest stars - Mammootty and Prithviraj.\"Ask him if the period flick will also have its share of his signature stylised scenes as seen in his previous flicks Big B , Sagar Alias Jacky: Reloaded and Anwar, and Amal says, \"I have never tried to deliberately bring in stylised scenes. That just invariably happens when you are directing films in the same genre. This is also one of the reasons why ACN will be a different venture altogether,\" says the director.The year marks another milestone for Amal, who has turned producer. \"I loved the journey as it kept me on my toes all the time. Right from designing the posters to the distribution of the film, it makes one get totally involved,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13188428", "title": "Manohar Parrikar for Goan judge as Lokayukta", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday said he would prefer a Goan judge as the first Lokayukta in the state. He also said the government would shortlist the names for the Lokayukta after consulting the high court of Bombay.Speaking to media persons Parrikar said, \"I would prefer a Goan judge but I will consult the high court before taking the final decision.\"He added that once the name has been shortlisted, the government will forward the names to the high court for its endorsement.Parrikar said retired high court judges Ferdino Rebello, RMS Khandeparkar and Nelson Britto are among those eligible for the post of Lokayukta. Retired high court judge Gurudas Kamat is not eligible because he has crossed the age of 70, Parrikar added.As per the bill, a Lokayukta should be a retired judge of a high court or have 10 years of experience as senior advocate who is qualified to be a judge.Once the high court suggests the names, a 3-member committee consisting of the chief minister, opposition leader and chief justice of the high court of Bombay, will meet to finalize the Lokayukta from the names given.President Pratibha Patil gave her assent to the Goa Lokayukta Bill on Monday. This now takes the process of appointing a Lokayukta to the final stages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13201145", "title": "Mohanlal back in Run Baby Run", "text": "After the multi starrer mega hit 'Christian Brothers' Mohanlal is coming back with 'Run Baby Run'.Amala Paul is the leading lady in the movie and the script is written by Sachi . Milan Jaleel is the producer and the film is produced under the banner of Galaxy films.Mohanlal plays the role of a cameraman with a news channel and Amala essays the character of senior editor. The film revolves around their personal and professional conflicts.After Christian Brothers , everyone is expecting another power pack performance by Mohanlal in the movie.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13186241", "title": "UP to present NRHM plan to health ministry today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government will make a presentation on the National Rural Health Mission before the Union health ministry's project approval board on Thursday. The presentation will decide the allocations for UP for the financial year 2012-13.The proposal was finalized in the NRHM general body meeting held in mid-April. Headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani, the apex body of NRHM approved the project implementation plan (PIP) worth Rs 3787.57 crore for the new fiscal. In 2011-12, UP's plan size for NRHM was about Rs 3,127 crore.NRHM mission director Mukesh Meshram told TOI: \"Year 2012 marks the beginning of NRHM's second phase and we hope to take advantage of the opportunity for improving health scenario in the state.\"Meshram said several projects related to neonatal, infant, maternal and adolescent health have been prepared by the government. Besides, several pilot projects have also been proposed to improve health delivery system (like revival of urban health posts) and address social issues such as female foeticide.Officials added that smaller 'achievable' targets for healthy indicators have been fixed for the next five years. For example, in case of infant mortality rate (infant deaths per 1000 live births) it has been decided to reduce the rate from present figure of 61 to 32 by end of 2017.Similarly, target maternal mortality rate for 2017 is 200 against the present figure of 359. Targets have also been fixed for complete immunisation, total fertility rate and other national programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178545", "title": "IIT-Kanpur students make in-house planetarium", "text": "KANPUR: The students of Astronomy Club of IIT-Kanpur have made country's first student made in-house planetarium. A year-long effort by 20 students of the Astronomy Club of IIT-Kanpur has made the dream project of the club come true. The planetraium has been prepared solely by the students. The Astronomy Club of IIT-Kanpur is all set to convert the city into an Astronomy Hub.The planetarium was inaugurated by Manindra Agrawal, Dean of Resource, Planning and Generation, IIT-Kanpur. During Technkriti, the annual technical fest of IIT-Kanpur, early in January, the members of the Astronomy Club said that the constant need for a clear sky for observation was the driving force behind the construction of this planetarium. Several observation sessions were missed due to atmospheric dust and some other reasons. So some artificial means to mimic the night sky was necessary for the astronomy enthusiasts of the institute.R K Sachan, Acting Registrar, IIT-Kanpur informed that the structure is already receiving nationwide attention and the effort was well appreciated during the Professional Amateur Astronomy meet 2012 by the Astronomical Society of India in Delhi earlier this month.Interestingly, the commonly available materials have gone into the structure of the planetarium making its effective cost of Rs 1,50,000. The structure consists of a 24 feet diameter dome constructed in the new Student Activity Centre (SAC). The geodesic model has been used for the construction of dome with PVC pipes, which could accommodate 50 people in one go. The various parts for the construction were designed by the students themselves who are currently on their second and third years of under graduation who perceive Astronomy as hobby.The student team said that the costly spherical projector normally used in planetarium worldwide has been effectively replaced by the mirror projector system to draw the universe on the roof of the structure. The entire construction was funded by the office of Dean of Resource, Planning and Generation of the institute.The student team said that they have future aims to convert the planetarium to a 3D projection system and improve the quality of the projected content using multiple LCD projectors.The students also informed that the club would very soon release the method of construction and details of the raw materials used on their website. The coordinators of the astronomy club said that constant determination and effort realised this dream project which they hope would serve as a model for such initiatives by various colleges and astronomy groups across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13203400", "title": "Two Pakistan trainer aircraft crash over civilian area", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Two trainer aircraft of the Pakistan Air Force crashed into a thickly populated area in the country's northwest today, injuring several persons on the ground, police and residents said.Residents of Rashkai area in Nowshera district said the aircraft collided before crashing and the fate of the pilots was not immediately known.One of the aircrafts plunged into a house and triggered a fire.Witnesses and television reporters said they had seen debris from the aircraft strewn over a large area.Local residents took injured persons to a nearby hospital, police and witnesses said.The accident occurred close to the Pakistan Air Force Academy at Risalpur shortly after 10am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13185839", "title": "Agencies issue alert on drug networks", "text": "KOCHI: Enforcement agencies have sounded an alert on drug cartels using Kochi as a transit point for smuggling heroin to Sri Lanka, where the demand for the contraband has doubled in the past one year.Agencies have been asked to track carriers from West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar arriving in the city to hand over heroin consignments to agents, who in turn smuggle it to Sri Lanka.Top sources in the narcotics control bureau (NCB) said the demand for heroin in Sri Lanka had increased to nearly 1,000 kg/year and drug rackets in India are the main suppliers.In the wake of enforcement agencies upping their surveillance in Tamil Nadu- which has been a major routing point for drug traffickers - drug cartels have shifted its focus to Kerala where it can use migrant labourers as carriers. \"Enforcement agencies have recently cracked the activities of a cartel by arresting five people including two women and a Sri Lankan national from Chennai for attempting to smuggle 6.4 kg of heroin to Sri Lanka,\" an official said.As per the assessment of NCB, Kerala has always been a major point for drug cartels to smuggle out heroin to Sri Lanka.\"Over a period of six years starting from 2005, agencies have seized over 30 kg of heroin that was destined for Sri Lanka. The smugglers earlier used four main places in Tamil Nadu - Chennai, Madurai, Salem and Tiruchirapalli - to trade the contraband. But now they are opting for Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode,\" he said.It was from Kerala that NCB tracked the activities of Sri Lankan drug smuggling kingpin identified as Muhammed Fasran, who is at present lodged in Puzhal central prison.\"Fasran operated from Kerala. He used to frequently visit Thiruvananthapuram, where he stayed in a luxurious guest house. He also had a local contact in Kochi who supplied the contraband. There are six cases against him,\" an intelligence official said, adding that they are on the lookout for a Sri Lankan woman called Shanthi, who is Fasran's accomplice.In March 2008, the directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) seized 11 kg of heroin from two houses in Kerala and arrested three people from Kozhikode and Malappuram.The arrested were Habeeb Rahman of Kozhikode, Kiran Kumar of Rajasthan and Rattan, a train ticket examiner of West Central Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189458", "title": "Today's women dream of own ventures", "text": "BANGALORE: When an entrepreneur gets off the treadmill, she can prove troublesome for her family and friends ! Summed up in jest, this comment is pertinent to Vasanthi Srinivasan's definition of the career primary entrepreneur. As associate professor, IIM-B, and chairperson for the Centre of Corporate Excellence and Citizenship, Vasanthi's evaluation of the way forward for women entrepreneurs at the IACC-Dell initiated conference on Wednesday concluded on the note that our country has a long way to go.\"While men already wear tags of breadwinners, aspiring women entrepreneurs are often told, 'Why don't you join your father's business?' Or, 'You will be married soon, wait and see what your husband feels',\" said Vasanthi.This is the tune Gen Now women hear. Uma Reddy heard a similar tune back in the 80s when, straight out of college, she dreamt of an entrepreneurial venture. \"My father agreed to put up collateral funds, but my mother said, 'If you choose to give it all up when you marry, I'll have to repay the loans'.\"Today, Uma's venture Hi-Tech Magnetics and Electronics Pvt Ltd, stands robust in a vibrant business environment. \"Women entrepreneurs account for just 12% of the formal sector in the country,\" pointed out Uma.Although the percentage isn't indicative of rapid strides in women-pioneered entrepreneurship ventures, the social environment is conducive for nascent ideas. \"Today's youngsters are able to recognize and do what they really want to,\" indicated Revathi Kasturi, founder &amp; CEO, Laqsh Job Skills Academy, adding, \"My daughter just passed out of NIT Suratkal and I met four freshers who are ready to set up their entrepreneurship ventures. When I set about my venture, I looked for support from my family and peers. I will no longer tell a youngster to first join a large corporation before getting on with entrepreneurial dreams.\"Vikas Bhonsle, director and GM, Mid-Market, Dell India, said that several mid-segment businesses are either led or pioneered by women. \"This is an outcome of passion,\" pointed out Priya Chetty Rajagopal, chairperson, IACC Women's Business Council &amp; VP, Stanton Chase International.Shukla Bose, CEO, Parikrama Foundation, emphasized that a social entrepreneur should be able to marry compassion to passion. \"I spent 26 years in boardrooms with people critiquing on how someone needs to set things right. Eventually, I said enough and started Parikrama, a school for slum children. Through the years I volunteered with Mother Teresa , she told me, 'When you go to bed, don't close your window, opportunity one day will come through it.'\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13183975", "title": "Gritty girl chases, roughs up looter", "text": "BHOPAL: In a daring act, a 20-year-old college girl taught a lesson to an alleged looter in Bairagarh on Tuesday evening. Instead of giving up or shouting for help, the girl, after her purse was snatched, gave a chase to the youth, caught and beat him up before handing him over to the police.And the people of the suburb also helped this second year student to teach a lesson to the youth, who had snatched her purse.The incident took place around 10.30 pm on Tuesday. Neha, a resident of Bairagarh, was riding home on a Scooty from a local market when a youth on Activa, the two-wheeler, began following her. He managed to snatch purse from her near a branch of the Punjab National Bank in Bairagarh, the police said. In a bid to save her purse, the girl fell down and the accused, taking advantage of the situation, managed to flee, but only for a short distance.The spunky Neha did not wait for help. She chased the accused for some 300 meters and caught hold of him. The girl roughed up the accused. In a short time, the crowd gathered around and the looter was handed over to the police.The police said accused has been identified as Ajay Mishra, 20, a resident of Bairagarh township.He has been booked under relevant sections, the police said, adding that accused has a criminal record. Efforts are on to ascertain his involvement in thefts and loots in the area in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13183011", "title": "Administration makes elaborate arrangement for Patna Municipal Corporation polls", "text": "PATNA: The state election commission ( SEC), on Wednesday, declared 870 booths for Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) polls as supersensitive and 231 booths as sensitive. Two quick response teams would be stationed at the district control room to tackle any emergency situation. Residents of 70 wards of Patna Municipal Corporation will exercise their franchise on Thursday to elect their representatives.Deputy development commissioner (DDC) and in charge DM, Patna, Manoj Kumar Singh, and Patna SSP Amrit Raj said no commercial vehicle would be allowed to ply in the city during election period. \"We have identified the supersensitive and sensitive booths. Static police force would be deployed accordingly. Vehicular traffic will be controlled and diverted at the important intersections in the city,\" Singh said.The candidates would not be allowed to visit the booths or even provide any vehicle to the voters. There will be two control rooms with quick response force, which would reach any place from where any trouble is reported within 15 minutes. Around 10,000 state police personnel including 2,000 homeguards jawans will be deployed to ensure free and fair poll. Each booth would be manned by armed forces on Thursday. The movement of commercial vehicles will be restricted in the city between 7 am and 4 pm. Private vehicles would be stopped half a kilometre away from the polling stations.The PMC area has been divided into 123 sectors and 31 zones. The candidates will be allowed to move in four-wheelers to be provided by the state election commission. Singh said the arrangements made would help the district administration in deploying the required number of security personnel at different polling booths. There are many wards with high number of voters and contestants. The booths in those wards need vigilance.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said seven FIRs had been lodged with different police stations in the state capital for violation of model code of conduct. Any candidate found violating the model code would be liable for prosecution under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Prohibitory orders will be enforced on the booths and adjoining areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13177973", "title": "Renouncing nuclear power will hurt nation: Manmohan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday rejected suggestions that India should follow Germany and Japan in renouncing nuclear power, saying do so will be harmful to India's interests.Fielding a question on atomic energy in Lok Sabha on Wednesday morning, the PM pointed to India's safety record and said there would no compromise on this front. He said he had ordered a comprehensive review of India's nuclear plants after last year's Fukushima disaster in Japan.\"I would respectfully submit that it would be harmful for the country's interest to pass an ordinance of self-denial that we shall give up the option of having nuclear power,\" he said.The PM stood up in the midst of MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy answering questions relating to atomic energy that is under the PMO and his intervention in the background of protests against the Kudankulam nuclear plant by anti-nuclear groups is significant. As the plant prepares to go on stream, the PM has indicated the government will not roll back or curtail its ambitious nuclear power programme.Seeking to allay concerns raised by MPs, he said, \"We will never do anything which creates doubts about the safety of these units. As my colleague (MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy) has already mentioned, we have 19 functioning nuclear reactors and there has never been any incident.\"Singh pointed out that \"even after Fukushima, I ordered a complete revisit to all the 19 reactors. Those findings of NPCIL are on the websites for everybody to see...But, at the same time, I would respectfully submit that we must keep the option of having an additional source of power.\"\"So, I think, the policy that we have right now is that we must do everything in our power to ensure foolproof safety of the nuclear plant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13182140", "title": "Ahmedabad only centre in Gujarat for UPSC preliminary exam on Sunday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A total 17,411 candidates from all over the state will appear for the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) exam on Sunday. Ahmedabad is only center for the civil services exam in the state. Exams will be held in 56 centers all over the city.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra who is in-charge of the UPSC exams in Gujarat said that a review meet reagrding the preparations for the UPSC exams was held where details about the examination centers and supervision arrangements were checked.The UPSC exams will be held in two papers. One exam will take place between 9.30 am to 11 am while the second paper will be conducted from 2.30 pm to 3.30 pm. Students will not be allowed to take mobile phones or any other electronic instruments inside the center.From this year, all students will be required to appear for uniform papers as part of their prelim exams. Earlier, their papers were based upon the subject they had chosen for the prelims. However, now all the students will be given same paper. The answer sheets will be assessed with the help of optical mark reader.Collector Nehra said that since the past three years, 17,000-19,000 candidates are appearing for the UPSC exams in the state. The officials have charted 11 routes for the police and supervisors to reach the exam centers.Nehra said that from this year on, the Limited Compete Exam has also been launched where police officials of deputy superintendent of police rank can appear for IPS services. 114 candidates have registered for this exam. \"The exam will be conducted on May 20, 21 and 22\", said Nehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13181711", "title": "Water supply hit due to power cuts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power cuts in east Delhi on Wednesday afternoon led to water troubles for residents of south and east Delhi in the evening. Delhi Jal Board officials said that the Sonia Vihar and Bhagirathi water treatment plants witnessed power disruption for about 20 minutes in the early afternoon because of which operations were stalled for a few hours, leading to no supply in some areas and low pressure in others.\"Operations were initially stalled due to the power cut but even when the supply was resumed, it took a while to start operations and then another hour or so for the water pressure to build. A 20-minute power cut might seem nominal, but for a treatment plant it means a disruption of operations for at least two hours,\" said a senior official.Wednesday's power cut meant that large parts of south and east Delhi did not get their evening water. Affected areas included GK, Panchshila Park, Panchshila Enclave, Malviya Nagar, Vasant Vihar, Vasant Kunj, Defence Colony, IP Extension, Mandawli, Preet Vihar and Laxmi Nagar. Officials said that water would be supplied normally on Thursday morning.\"The problem has been occurring quite frequently. Last month there were power cuts on several occasions and this month, since May 4, there have been at least six disruptions ranging from 20 to 30 minutes. We have taken up the issue with discom BSES to ensure uninterrupted power supply to the water treatment plants, but nothing has happened so far,\" said a senior official.Discom sources said that a large part of the problem had to do with the construction of the Signature Bridge. \"On some occasions, a cable supplying power to Sonia Vihar had been cut by the workers constructing the bridge. This happened on Wednesday as well. However, there was no problem from the discom's end at Bhagirathi. Only supply to Sonia Vihar was disrupted for a very short duration. The work on the Signature Bridge is on for another six months so the problem may crop up again. Recently, BSES Yamuna inaugurated a grid at Sonia Vihar and DJB has been asked to take two dedicated feeder lines from there. However, we are yet to hear from them,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13191224", "title": "Top Chinese leader in soup for backing Bo Xilai", "text": "Beijing: After a brief lull following the sacking of Chinese Communist Party leader Bo Xilai , the power struggle within the party has come to fore with a group of veterans asking President Hu Jintao to sack a top ranking leader for supporting Bo and trying to revive Mao Zedong's ideology.The BBC reported that in an open letter to Hu the veterans alleged that Zhou Yongkang - the ninth member of the standing committee of the party's politburo - is part of a movement to revive the China of Mao's ideology which was discarded by CPC in 1976. It urges Hu to sack Zhou from his post as head of China's police force, its courts and its spy network.Rumours were rife in Beijing for a while that Zhou has been locked in a power struggle but this is the first time his name came out in open. One of the authors of the letter said they had received hundreds of calls of support, and some threatening ones. The letter seems to warn about the dangers of reviving an interest in chairman Mao and his policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13193806", "title": "GOs issued without minister\u2019s consent", "text": "GUNTUR: The high-profile all-India services officer K V Brahmananda Reddy has landed himself in big trouble after the CBI investigators found that he had issued government orders on the Vanpic project without obtaining the nod of the minister concerned.While CBI found senior IAS officer Srilakshmi taking personal interest in removing certain words from the note files to favour the Obulapuram Mining Company , the agency found Brahmananda Reddy committing serious crimes as he had issued several GOs to favour the Vanpic promoters without following the business rules.Brahmananda Reddy, who was the special secretary in the ports, investment and infrastructure department for nearly four years, ruled the roost when the late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy was at the helm.A few months back, CBI grilled the former ports and infrastructure minister and now excise minister, Mopidevi Venkata Ramana, who reportedly submitted a detailed note to the CBI on the way the project was proposed and moved before the cabinet. Sources said the CBI officials, who questioned Ramana for over three hours, reportedly showed him all the GOs issued during his regime. He was asked to confirm whether all those GOs were issued with his knowledge . Confirming some discrepancies in the note files, the minister is said to have submitted a bunch of GOs issued with his knowledge and feigned ignorance about the others. Sources said that the CBI officials told the minister that they possessed few specific GOs which seemed to have not been routed through the ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13177855", "title": "NRHM scam: Note \u2018implicates\u2019 Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: Fingers are now being pointed at former chief minister Mayawati and her favourite babu Shashank Shekhar Singh for the role they might have played in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. And the basis for this is a government order issued by Mayawati herself on May 31, 2007, 18 days after becoming chief minister.Although the BSP on Wednesday denied any role of its supremo in the NRHM scam, the government order, which is in possession of TOI, states that files related to policy decisions will be sent to the chief minister for approval and all other remaining proposals will be approved by the cabinet secretary. This makes it virtually impossible for the two to wash their hands of what happened in the NRHM scam, because all files would finally have been cleared by Singh and some policy related matter would have required Maya's approval.The order was very clear on how the system would operate. A file related to a particular matter was to be sent from the chief minister's office to the office of the principal secretary of the department concerned. The principal secretary was then supposed to forward the files to the secretary of his/her department. After noting their observations and recommendations on the file, the secretary was supposed to send it back to the cabinet secretary and chief minister for final approval via the principal secretary. After approval of the cabinet secretary and the chief minister, the file was sent to the secretary for execution.Now, from 2007 to 2009, Maya headed the family welfare department, which is at the heart of the Rs 5,700-crore scam. In 2009, the ministry went to Maya's trusted aide, Babu Singh Kushwaha, who has been arrested in the scam.But the BSP claimed that when Maya headed the ministry, no proposal to release funds or formulate schemes was sent to her for approval. In fact, all schemes, approval and execution of NRHM projects were handled by two bodies of the State Health Society (SHS): an executive committee headed by a principal secretary and a governing body headed by the chief secretary.The BSP further claimed that the Government of India reviewed performance of the implementation every three months before releasing funds for continuation of the programme. The funds were directly given to the society. So, nowhere was the state government involved in NRHM's implementation. Hence, the chief minister neither gave approval to any NRHM proposal nor was her consent legally required.But according to rules, the State Health Mission (the umbrella body of NRHM committees and societies, including SHS) is headed by the chief minister of the state. So, it is not possible that Maya was unware of NRHM activities.Sources also pointed at the May 5, 2010 decision to bifurcate the health and family welfare ministries and appoint two chief medical officers in each district, one for health and the other for family welfare. This was a policy decision, hence it could not have been taken without the consent of the then chief minister. In July 2010, the union health and family welfare ministry wrote to the state government, objecting to the bifurcation of health and family welfare ministry, but the Maya government ignored this.Sources said both Kushwaha and Pradeep Shukla told the CBI that they were only following orders which came from the higher authorities. Kushwaha was family welfare minister and Shukla was principal secretary health and family welfare and mission director of NRHM. Both have been arrested by the CBI.However, BSP's press release said that as soon as Maya came to know about anomalies in NRHM, she sacked Kushwaha from the post of minister and later ordered a CBI inquiry and CAG audit. But Ahmed Hasan, health minister in the SP government, said, \"Mayawati and the cabinet secretary are behind the NRHM scam, the others did only what they were asked to do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13187537", "title": "Class 12 marks list to be out on May 30, sooner than usual", "text": "CHENNAI: The Class 12 board examination results may be delayed this year, but school education minister N R Sivapathi has said mark sheets will be given to students earlier than usual. They will get the mark sheets latest by May 30, eight days after the results are out, he said on Wednesday.\"The mark sheets are usually handed over to students two weeks after results are out. We have procured some high speed printers this year, and so will be able to give them earlier, with scanned photograph and quick response code,\" school education secretary D Sabitha said.Talking to reporters on the sidelines of the valedictory session of a training programme on continuous and comprehensive evaluation, the minister said students of classes 1 to 9 in government and aided schools would get textbooks when schools reopen on June 1. Tamil Nadu Textbook Society managing director K Gopal said free textbooks would start being dispatched on Thursday to reach schools by May 25.The books will be available for purchase by private schools at designated centres from May 23. This year, students of classes 1 to 10 will get free notebooks. Around 106 crore notebooks, including subject notebooks, drawing, record and graph notebooks, will be handed over to government and aided schools in the second week of June.Minister Sivapathi said the Tamil Nadu Teacher Eligibility Test would be held as per schedule on June 3. Registrations for TNTET 2012 would be done online.Education secretary Sabitha said free uniforms or textbooks would not be provided for children admitted to private schools under the 25% reservation clause in the RTE Act. \"The state will reimburse the amount spent on a child in a government school or the claim by the private school, whichever is lesser. Currently the government spends 7,800 on a child. This year the amount could go up because of other incentives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13191727", "title": "Karate classes focus on self-defence", "text": "MYSORE: Here is a chance for those wanting to take classes in self-defence. As part of summer camp, four like-minded karate instructors are offering free training in karate at Vidyavardhaka First-Grade College on Seshadri Iyer Road.The organizers are targeting the sessions mainly for women, obviously in the wake of rise in chain-snatching cases in the city. The sessions cover defence techniques which would come handy in such situations.\"Karate employs techniques that build strength, endurance, flexibility, posture, balance, etc. While the physical benefits of karate are undeniable, this popular sport has many non-physical benefits as well,\" said karate instructor B S Srinath Urs.According to Urs, Karate is an excellent confidence-booster for children. \"It is excellent for their heart. It also builds strong bones and bigger muscles, creates resilience and makes the body less susceptible to sickness and injury,\" Urs added.Karate techniques help kids in many ways. \"At times, a child may have to defend her/himself against those harming her/him,\" Urs said.It is unrealistic to expect a child to go toe-to-toe with an adult three times his/ her size. But a child trained in martial art techniques has a better chance of escaping from an attacker or helping in catching him. \"In the camp, we are teaching basic punches, blocks, kicks, open-hand strikes and stances apart from basic Katha and self-defence,\" the instructor said.Chain-snatching cases and incidents of attack on women are being reported almost every day. So special training is being imparted among women, to shield them from attackers. Techniques to get away from miscreants when they hold hands, back lock or neck are being taught. Those on groin kick, finger attack and kicks are also being taught.\"Women can easily learn them if they attend one-month training,\" Urs said, adding that many women are undergoing training at the college.Hemavathi, one such trainee, said: \"The classes are good to learn self-defence. There is a spurt in chain-snatching cases, and knowing martial arts helps us catch hold of chain snatchers.\" She also called upon women to be trained in karate \"as it helps one stay fit\".The organizers, depending on the response to the camp, may conduct such camps once in three months. P Ravi Kumar is the mentor of the camp, while Ramesh and S Naveen are the other two coaches. Senior karate coach Jaideep Bhalerao too visits the camp, which is held only during morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13180898", "title": "Addresses of kids sold to couples traced: Police", "text": "ROHTAK: Once known to be a roof for the homeless women and children, the infamous Rohtak shelter home became more of a self-styled \"adoption centre\" where Jaswanti Devi made deals with clients to give away any child between Rs 1,100 to Rs 51,000.The police investigation has brought out that Jaswanti Devi handed over six children to couples in the past around two years. She, however, never bothered to follow procedure. She accepted the money as \"donation\" in the name of NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh operated by her. Parents of such adopted kids have been served notices and asked to appear before the investigators. DNA tests of these children and the women shall be carried out. Rohtak DSP Dharna Yadav said on Wednesday that the addresses of all the six children were traced. \"They are in Aligarh, Delhi, Rohtak's Jagdish colony, Jind and Rohini in Delhi\".The DSP said four more kids had been given away but facts were yet to be ascertained. Asked if these children would be separated from the parents, the DSP said the decision would depend on the consent of the biological parents who live in the shelter home, once the DNA reports are out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13179120", "title": "Pension, PF for Punjab farmers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After free power and water, Punjab farmers may reap another windfall. They will retire and get pension and provident fund. On Wednesday, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal promised to work out a viable proposal to introduce the pension scheme. This was a promise made by Shiromani Akali Dal before storming back to power in the state. Badal issued the order after a meeting with a Bharatiya Kisan Union delegation.\"Giving provident fund to farmers was an election promise. We demanded pension for the debt-ridden farmers,\" said BKU leader Rajewal.The cumulative debt burden on Punjab farmers is a staggering Rs 35,000 crore. The state government has sought a bailout package from the Centre for farmers. Hundreds of farmers have committed suicide with land holdings shrinking and profit margins becoming marginal. A retirement age will be fixed and farmer will be eligible to claim provident fund and pension, a government official said.\"PF and pension will be linked to the sale of farmers' produce. One sixth of the money obtained from sale of crop will be deposited as PF contribution and the same amount will be contributed by the state government,\" said Rajewal.This will come as a boon for an estimated 14 lakh farmers in Punjab, who are not covered by any pension scheme. \"We have seen old farmers being dumped by their debt-ridden families. They have nowhere to go nor do they have money in their banks,\" said Rajewal.The scheme will put an enormous financial burden on the cash-strapped government which is already paying over Rs 1000 crore subsidy for providing free power and water to farmers. Punjab commissioner (finance) has been asked to work out the quantum of burden this will put on the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13192699", "title": "Rain water harvesting is alien to Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The rain water harvesting systems (RWHS) in the city are ill-suited to tap monsoon showers. Except a few schools, many existing ones are defunct. While RWHS that were set up in government institutes spending several lakhs of rupees are not functioning, most of the flats in the city lack any such arrangement. According to civic activists, Kochi lacks a strict law that mandates installation of RWHS.RWHS was set up at Maharaja's College some years ago using an old gas tank from the chemistry lab. The tank's capacity was three lakh litres. The effort, however, turned futile after water stored proved to be non-potable and if not for a rusted board that proclaimed it as a RWHS, people might have mistaken it for a slimy water tank. \"Though another tank with a capacity of one lakh litres was set up on the premises that too is not in use. The college depends on borewell supply and corporation water,\" said Baalu P, a former student at the college.The water harvesting systems at the district court and general hospital too remain non-operational and according to authorities they have not done any cleaning or repair works. A visit to the flat complexes across the city proved that most of them lack RWHS while existing ones were defunct. An official at the Baypride flat complex said water requirements are being met through tankers.However, many schools like Chinmaya Vidyalaya have RWHS that have been functional during the past few years. According to Karuvelipady councillor P S Prakash, in the absence of a rule that enforces installation of RWHS in every major building complex, even the existing ones are laid waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13178582", "title": "Anna rally lead to traffic woes for residents near Chitnis Park", "text": "NAGPUR: Even on a normal evening, the roads surrounding Chitnis Park are jam-packed with vehicles. One side of the ground is enveloped by a lane so small that it is impossible to have two cars driving side by side. On Wednesday, the same lane could not even accommodate two wheelers. Anna Hazare's rally saw a crowd of almost 10,000 thronging the ground, leaving residents and shop owners in the vicinity a harried lot.Two-wheelers were being parked right on the pavement even as shop owners on the other end protested. As the crowd inside listened in rapt attention to Anna, their vehicles were being towed outside to clear the congestion. But the tow truck too could not manage to handle such a huge load and only those vehicles which were parked precariously close to the ground's gates were taken away.Shyam Madavi, who owns a daily needs store nearby, said, \"This is hell here due to the traffic and contrary to what I had expected, there is no boost to my sales. It is similar to the chaos which happens when schoolchildren would get off in the evening.\"Traffic had further got held up after a vehicle belonging to Anna's volunteers was attacked near the gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13186701", "title": "Kerala HC gets special bench for self-finance college cases", "text": "KOCHI: When the Kerala high court reopens after summer vacation on Monday, it will have a special bench to hear cases related to self-financing colleges.The new bench comprising justice K M Joseph and justice K Harilal will hear cases related to self-financing professional colleges, which include matters like admission, seat-sharing, fixation of fees, affiliation and other similar cases.The self-financing bench will hear writ petitions and original petitions related to self-financing colleges, which are normally moved by dissatisfied students, parents or colleges when the academic year begins.At present, the time taken by HC to dispose such cases extends to many months, with litigants having to wait for four months to settle disputes. Each year, hundreds of petitions are filed challenging conduct of examinations, interference by government, affiliation issues, defects in examination and evaluation, fixation of fees and admission. Despite the high number of cases related to self-financing colleges, HC didn't have a special bench to hear such cases. This had often led to dismissal of petitions as infructuous as the situation would have changed in such a way that the intervention sought by petitioners wouldn't benefit in the changed scenario.\"But, a division bench hearing self-financing cases directly violates a basic principles in the judiciary,'' said George Poonthottam, a prominent lawyer dealing with education cases. \"If the single judge goes wrong, there must be a mechanism by which it's corrected by the division bench. Instead, as a corrective step, a division bench exercising original jurisdiction is not a healthy trend.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181990", "title": "Central team inspects malaria-prone wards", "text": "MUMBAI: A National Institute of Malaria Research (NIMR) team has failed to spot a single breeding site for the anopheles mosquito, mainly responsible for malaria, in the city. NIMR experts visited malaria-prone wards in the city during the last two days .The civic body, on Wednesday, said that it was a clear indication that malaria incidence has fallen by 50-60 % in the last two years. The four-member team surveyed areas in Kurla, Parel, Sewri, Prabhadevi, Worli, Chinchpokli, Malad, Malwani, Dindoshi and Marve. Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar on Tuesday said, \"Their mandate is to find anopheles-breeding spots especially in the pre-monsoon period. However, after visiting malaria-prone areas for the last two days, they could not identify even a single breeding site,\" she said.\"The central team will in Mumbai for two more days,\" she added.According to Mhaiskar, there were 622 cases of malaria in May, while the figure for the corresponding period last year was 1,490.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13191180", "title": "School playgrounds now for all kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has decided to throw open playgrounds of schools in the city to children living in the neighbourhood. On Wednesday, Union sports minister Ajay Maken declared that he had received a letter from Union urban development minister Kamal Nath , informing him about the ministry issuing directions to agencies concerned to let children living in a three kilometer radius of a school access its playground during non-school hours.In fact, the sports ministry has roped in eager RWAs to reach out to schools to prepare plans to use playfields of schools keeping their security concerns in mind.The sports minister has also written to other chief ministers to replicate the model in their states.However, till late on Wednesday, neither Delhi government's education department nor DDA knew about the Centre's brief.Pankaj Agarwal, general secretary, Delhi RWA joint front welcomed the move to allow children to use school playgrounds. Other RWAs, too, labelled the move as a \"victory for children who have been deprived of play areas\". \"Most playfields lie idle after school hours. RWAs should now coordinate with schools to implement the decision properly keeping in mind, security, responsibility and feasibility in mind,\" Keshav Agarwal of B Block, CR Park RWA said.Rajiv Kakaria, member Greater Kailash Part-I RWA was clear that RWAs won't get into a tussle with schools.\"This is common cause and we are not going to work at cross purposes. We understand the security concerns of schools. But they can be addressed if all stakeholders look for a solution in the best interest of children who have a right to play,\" he added.Last week, Maken had written to Kamal Nath, highlighting the problem of non-availability of playgrounds to a large number of children in Delhi.The minister had sent a proposal to the urban development ministry to make a provision, making it mandatory for all schools that were allotted land at concessional rates by DDA to open their playfields to children in the neighbourhood.Maken had also suggested that entry to the playgrounds in schools could be kept separate to keep trespassers at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13179167", "title": "Goregaon resident fighting illegal hawker to move court", "text": "MUMBAI: Kavita Thakker, the Goregaon resident who was allegedly detained for over five hours and fined Rs 1,200 for \"unruly behaviour\" on Saturday, plans to move court against the Goregaon police.TOI had reported on Monday how Thakker, a Rajendra Park society resident, had complained to the police about her neighbour being assaulted by an illegal hawker near their society gate, and how the police had slapped a case and fined her Rs 1,200 for \"unruly behaviour\".The neighbour, who had returned from a dialysis session, was allegedly bashed by the hawker after an altercation. The neighbour's wife called Thakker, who went with her husband and the neighbour's sister to register a complaint, when the police allegedly detained her for five hours and registered a non-cognizable offence against the hawker.The police also slapped a case under Section (112) of the Bombay Police Act and issued a notice (149) for being rude and vociferous.\"I am challenging the police for issuing the notice. I have sought legal opinion,\" said Thakker.Thakker will get support from Andheri residents in filing a case against the police.Hyginus D'Lima, a 70-year-old activist from Andheri who has fought encroachments, illegal razing, irregularities in Slum Rehabilitation Authority schemes, along with other residents, will help Thakker file the case.On May 12, an altercation took place between an illegal hawker and a resident of Rajendra Park from Goregaon (west), after which the hawker allegedly bashed up the resident.The resident had returned from a dialysis session and couldn't go himself to register a complaint. His sister along with neighbour Kavita Thakker went to lodge a complaint.Thakker alleged that the Goregaon police detained them for over five hours and finally registered an NC against the illegal hawker.The police in the meantime had also slapped a case under section (112) of the Bombay Police Act and issued a notice (149) for her alleged 'unruly behaviour' and was penalied Rs 1200.Thakker will move court challenging the notice. Andheri residents to support her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13187671", "title": "Bus fatally knocks down two bikers", "text": "CHENNAI: Three persons died in two accidents in Poonamallee on Wednesday.Two men died when their motorbike was hit by an MTC bus near Chettiyar Agaram. Kumar , 28, and Rajendran, 29, both carpenters and residents of Avadi , were on their way home when the bus hit them from behind. They died on the spot. Poonamallee traffic investigation police registered a case and arrested the bus driver, Arumugham.A pedestrian was knocked down in the locality by an SETC bus on Wednesday morning. Rajesh , 24, a resident of Sabari Nagar , was crossing the road near Ayappan Thangal when he was hit by a bus, the police said. Rajesh sustained serious head injuries and was taken to Government General Hospital where he died. Poonamallee traffic police arrested driver of the SETC vehicle, Raja Sheriff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13185789", "title": "Indore: Experts slam blanket ban on cartoons in textbook", "text": "INDORE: Politicians may think a blanket ban on cartoons in school textbooks is a good idea but health experts and members of the academic fraternity are opposed to the idea. Cartoons create a positive impact on the psychology of children and help them learn things in a better way, feel psychiatrists.\"Children fear human faces so introduction of cartoons is a better way to teach them. In psychological treatments too, cartoon or animal face is used,\" said Dr Manish Jain, a psychiatrist.Cartoons not only help them liven up and simplify the subject matter for them, but also help children look at things in a different manner. Lower and middle school students read textbooks when there is a humorous touch to the content, feel teachers and educationists.\"The government has banned cartoons at a time when we are introducing digital content in classrooms to teach children better. It is not right to deprive children of visual element in learning,\" says principal Choithram International School Dilip Vasu.The union government had issued directions to NCERT to not distribute textbooks with cartoons.The decision comes in the wake of a controversy surrounding a cartoon featuring leader BR Ambedkar, which was removed from textbooks. \"Cartoon portraying any character that affects sentiments of any community or religion should not be introduced in books. However, having a blanket ban is ridiculous as learning through cartoons is fun for children,\" says Saurabh Sengar, director, La Sagesse School. It works well with Science, Geography, Social studies, English or other languages,\" he adds.\"Not every child can go through pages of heavy text. Cartoons make lessons more interesting.However, cartoon of celebs, politician or anyone that hurt someone's sentiments should not be introduced in books.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178634", "title": "Doctors apathy at LLR; patient refused to be admitted", "text": "KANPUR: A shocking incident came into light when a patient struggling for life was refused to be admitted at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital emergency on late Sunday night. If the eye-witnesses are to be believed neither of the doctors not the Emergency Medical Officer (EMO) treated the patient, who was suffering from ENT related ailment. Even no ENT expert was present at the moment nor was called by the hospital emergency authorities to treat the case.Usha Omar (60), wife of Chandra Bhushan Omar from Baradevi was brought to the emergency of LLR on late Sunday Night. She was suffering from ENT problem, as a medicine got stuck into her wind-pipe.According to the kin of the patient, the doctors in the LLR emergency refused to admit even after seeing that the patient was unable to breathe. The junior doctors claimed that there was no ENT expert present in the emergency at that time. After several requests, EMO, RL Mahip, referred the patient to ENT ward.\"But we did not get any help there as well, as no ENT expert was present in the hospital at that time. I made several requests and so as the other patients in the emergency but doctors did not treated my wife. People suggested me to take her to nearby private hospital but doctors showed no cooperation in that as well,\" said Chandra Bhushan Omar, husband of the patient.However, Usha Omar is fine at the moment after getting immediate treatment in other hospital. According to the doctor who is treating her, she could have died if she would have not get immediate treatment that night. Though LLR doctors would have forgot their inhuman approach but an eyewitness of this case, advocate Vishal Sharma reported the incident to higher administrative and health officials. This man was present in LLR emergency on Sunday night to meet his kin.Taking cognizance to the report presented by the eyewitness, District Magistrate, MP Agarwal has ordered the Chief medical superintendant of LLR Dr CS Singh for immediate probe into the matter.Similar complaint was reported to the Chief Medical Officer of the District, Dr Ramayan Prasad Yadav as well. Talking to TOI, CMO informed that several complaints regarding such mismanagement going on in LLR hospital were highlighted in the toll-free helpline number as well. When the health department tried to contact the concerned authorities of LLR and Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Medical College, no one picked up the phone of CMO even after repeated attempts.\"This compelled us to send a mail to the concerned authorities. Responding to the mail Dr Anand Swaroop showed very rash approach to the complaints. However, the officials said that Dr Swaroop said that he will investigate into the matter but on the other hand he also reprimanded them that they should not interfere in the working of GSVM and LLR as it's the part of medical education and not of district health department,\" added CMO.He added that he once again tried to contact Dr Anand Swaroop to seek their explanation on the issue but he did not picked up the call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13186194", "title": "15 IAS officers transferred", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another administrative reshuffle, government shifted 15 IAS officers which included five district magistrates and 87 PCS rank officers here on Wednesday. Some of the prominent officials include Anita Singh, secretary to the chief minister and also secretary, administrative reforms, civil aviation and state property.She has been divested of the charge of secretary, administrative reforms. She will however continue as secretary to the chief minister and secretary civil aviation and state property department.Navtej Singh, principal secretary, administrative reforms, silk and coordination department has been divested of the charge of administrative reforms department. He will continue to discharge his responsibilities as principal secretary, silk and coordination department.Pravir Kumar, principal secretary, urban development, department of urban employment and poverty alleviation programme has been given additional charge of principal secretary, higher education department.Jagan Mathews, director general of Deen Dayal Upadhyay State Rural Institute and director general Uttar Pradesh Administration and Management Academy, Lucknow has been divested of the charge of director general, Deen Dayal, Upadhyay State Rural Institute. NS Ravi, who was awaiting posting, has been made director general, Deen Dayal, Upadhyay State Rural Institute, Lucknow. tnnPrabhat Kumar Sagangi, director, land records, Board of Revenue, Lucknow has been made principal secretary, administrative reforms department.Manoj Singh, commissioner and secretary, Board of Revenue, Lucknow has been given additional charge of director, land records, Board of Revenue, Lucknow. AK Barnwal, district magistrate of Shahjahanpur, has been made secretary, PWD while Pankaj Kumar, special secretary, secondary education department goes as district magistrate, Sitapur. Ritu Maheshwari, district magistrate, Bhimnagar ha been transferred to Shahjahanpur in the same capacity.Ranjan Kumar, district magistrate, Prabudhnagar has been made district magistrate, Jyotiba Phule Nagar. Suhas LY, district magistrate, Mahamaya Nagar goes to Sonbhadra in the same capacity, while Chaitra V, district magistrate Panchsheel Nagar is now district magistrate of Mahamaya Nagar. Mala Srivastava, joint development commissioner, Allahabad has been made chief development officer, Kaushambi and Rajnish Gupta, secretary, higher education department has been kept in waiting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13191226", "title": "Nitish Kumar asks bankers to put stress on micro management", "text": "PATNA: Maintaining that the state's economy is gradually improving now, CM Nitish Kumar on Wednesday asked bankers to put more stress on \" micro management\", as credit activities of the banks have been showing an increasing trend. Self-Help Groups (SHGs) and those engaged in self-employment ventures were desirous of strengthening their activities through bank loans.The CM, in this regard, made specific mention of complaints against bankers received during his recent 'Seva Yatra' to Kaimur and Muzaffarpur districts. Referring to the complaints of one Mridula Devi, secretary of an SHG in Kaimur district, the CM said that bankers there were charging interest on Rs 2.50 lakh given to her SHG, which included the subsidy amount of Rs 1.25 lakh given under the State Rural Livelihood Mission project, or the Jeewika programme, on which interest cannot be charged. Similarly, hundreds of lac bangle makers at a village in Muzaffarpur district had faced bankers' reluctance to give loans to them to strengthen their activities, the CM said.Addressing the first meeting of the State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC) in the current fiscal year here, Nitish said it had become incumbent on bankers \"to pay more attention on micromanagement\", and also added, \"The state's economy is improving with the gross state domestic product ( GSDP) registering an increase. Yet, the overall economy is still backward, and, therefore, the banking administration at the lower level has to be toned up.\" He, in the same vein, said, \"Put more stress on transparency: don't hide the aberrant facts, take action, and punish the guilty.\"The CM stated that bankers should ensure that middlemen had no role in the issuance of Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs) to farmers or illiterate peasants. There had been police cases in which middlemen had drawn money from banks using the KCC of a peasant and shared it among themselves, after spreading the canard that the money was a gift and government would waive the loan at a later date.Nitish also asked the bankers to visit interior areas to hear people's complaints. \"Only 5% people anywhere have complaint to make, while the remaining 95% are generally happy that senior officials took notice of their plight.\" He also asked the bankers to help in the implementation of Bihar Ground Water Irrigation Scheme (BIGWIS), a central project conceived in consultation with bankers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13181159", "title": "Delhi University decides to sell forms at 10 colleges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University has decided to give out application forms at 10 designated colleges for admission to undergraduate courses besides various post offices in the city.For the first time, DU will carry out the admission process online as well as offline. While earlier the university was planning to provide the facility of buying and submitting forms at 15 post offices only, it has added the colleges to its list of venues to make the process more accessible. The forms will be out on June 4 and registration will continue till June 18.\"Though we were considering giving forms over the counter only at post offices, there were requests to rope in colleges too. We then decided to increase the number of centres where forms can be bought and submitted by adding 10 colleges to the list,\" said professor J M Khurana, dean, students' welfare. He said the first cutoff will be declared by colleges on June 26, and five cutoffs are likely to be prepared this time.The last cutoff is scheduled for July 10 with the new session beginning on July 23.\"Colleges will conduct admissions over three days after each cutoff. In a break from the earlier trend, admissions this year will begin the day the cutoffs are declared and not the following day,\" he said, adding that this will help colleges save time. Till last year, candidates got an entire day to go through the cutoffs and decide which college to study in and the courses to pursue, depending on their eligibility.\"There shouldn't be any confusion. There is anyway not much rush on the third day of admissions. So candidates will have ample time to decide and confirm their admissions,\" Khurana said. The admission will not be confirmed on a first-come-first-served basis. Any aspirant who meets the cutoff and other eligibility criteria of individual colleges can lay claim to a seat over three days.DU has also decided to keep admissions through sports quota decentralized. Colleges will conduct their own trials for different sports.These will be organized under the supervision of a committee convened by the head of the sports department in every college. The committee, headed by the principal, will comprise experts and a university observer.The university has asked colleges to give equal weightage to a candidate's certificates and performance in the trial. The weightage this time will be 50%-50% instead of 75% to certificates and 25% to trials as was the case last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184494", "title": "2 held for gangster's murder", "text": "KOLKATA: More than two months after the murder of gangster Anwarul Haque alias Lal Miya at Mayurbhanj Road of Ekbalpore in the Kolkata Port area, officers of the detective department arrested two of the main assailants from Meerut in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday. They were identified as Khursid Alam alias Dilip and Manowar Ali, both belonging to Lal's rival rang.While Khursid is the brother of prime accused Mohammad Feroz alias Kana Sanjay, Manowar is one of the close aides of Sanjay, said police.On Wednesday, the arrested duo were taken to the city in transit remand and produced before the city court. They were remanded in police custody.Police said that Lal and Sanjay were from the Ekbalpore area and initially worked in the same gang. The criminals were mainly involved in running gambling boards in different parts of the Kolkata Port area. Later, Sanjay joined hands with a local drug peddler and started selling drugs from Maheshtala area of the city fringes. The drug trade, showever, created a rift between Lal and Sanjay which later turned into a fierce gang rivalry.The rivalry led to a pitched battle between the two gangs where Lal allegedly shot at Sanjay. Though Sanjay fled the area after the incident, they were looking for a scope to return.After the change of guard in the state, Sanjay reportedly sought shelter from an influential leader of the ruling party and with his help he returned to the area with his gang to regain control from his archrival Lal. On the evening of March 10, Sanjay and his men, including Manowar and Khursid, accosted Lal who was on his motorcycle. The gang pumped three bullets into Lal and he succumbed to his injuries near Mayurbhanj Road in front of Gyan Ghosh polytechnic college. The gang members were absconding since then.On Tuesday, the homicide section of Kolkata Police's detective department rounded up Khursid and Manowar from Meerut. Police said the duo took refuge in the house of Sawant Sharma. Police suspect Sanjay has fled to Bangladesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13191275", "title": "Will be back by yearend, says Yuvraj Singh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Yuvraj Singh going from strength to strength, his comeback to international cricket look more or less certain and it could be as soon as by the end of this year.\"I have recovered completely and within couple of weeks I will be start training. It is the foremost thing on my mind at present and I am raring to go,\" India's ace batsman Yuvraj Singh said on the sidelines of a World Cup felicitation ceremony.Dressed in casuals, Yuvi thanked profusely everyone present and said he was happy to realize the dream of every Indian after 28 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13180890", "title": "IAF launches search operation to trace 'deserter' wing commander", "text": "AMBALA: The Indian Air Force has launched a search operation to trace wing commander Shashank Sheikh, who has been on the run after escaping from the Air Force station in Ambala on May 13. Shashank, according to a spokesperson of administration, is emotionally upset following his divorce last year.Shashank was declared a deserter after he failed to report for duty for two months and had started living in an ashram in Dehradun. He was posted at the Air Force station in Ambala when he went missing on October 24, 2011. For over six months, the Air Force or the family of Shashank couldn't trace him and only this year on May 11 finally his whereabouts became known.The spokesperson said Shashank had been living in Sadanand Shantanand asharam, Haripurakalan, in Dehradun and was take to Ambala by the staff of Air Force and local police on May 11.Shashank was medically examined and placed under air force custody and three officers of this station were deployed as escorts to keep him under their custody. Around midnight on May 13, the officer complained of uneasiness and suffocation and requested the escorts sitting outside the door of the room to allow him to come out for fresh air.\"On being allowed, he just ran away. The two escort officers chased him. However, the deserter took advantage of the darkness and grass and managed to give a slip to the escorts,\" said chief administrative officer of Ambala Cantt Air Force Station, JS Boparai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181769", "title": "Mumbai civic chief Kunte walks the talk, conducts early morning surprise checks", "text": "MUMBAI: In a development that might cause civic staffers to lose some sleep, municipal commissioner, Sitaram Kunte, has started conducting surprize checks at seven in the morning. While Kunte visited Priyadarshini Park at Nepean Sea Road on Tuesday, he interacted with people while walking on the Worli seaface promenade on Wednesday.\"Now, this will be my daily routine. Unless I am very busy or out of Mumbai, I will walk on the road, interact with people and listen to their grievances in the presence of our staffers,\" Kunte told TOI. \"This way, I will be able to secure first-hand feedback from citizens during my one-hour exercise routine,\" he said, adding, \"This practice will help to improve our services.''For most part of the one hour that Kunte spent walking on the Worli seaface promenade, he heard citizens' complaints about poor quality of work on the promenade, lack of cleanliness and inaccessibility of senior civic officials.Assuring citizens that their grievances will be addressed, Kunte said he will ask his staff to submit a report on the promenade work. Talking about lack of cleanliness on the promenade, Kunte said, \"We will have to draft a new strategy on cleanliness and explore the possibility of lifting garbage from footpaths early in the morning.\"Kunte has also directed his staff to submit daily reports on pothole repair, desilting of drains and nullahs and measures to be taken for flood-prone areas ahead of monsoon. \"Last year, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had to face an embarrassing situation over potholes in the metropolis. It was later found that city's roads were pockmarked mostly because of dereliction of duty at all levels. Kunte has made it clear that those found shirking work will be taken to task,'' a senior BMC official said.A deputy municipal commissioner defended civic staffers saying said they can deliver concrete results in a month provided there is no political interference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13177525", "title": "Proposal needs discussion &amp; deliberation: School principals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The nod given by urban development minister Kamal Nath to the Union sports ministry's proposal to open school playgrounds to neighbourhood kids after school hours has evoked a mixed reaction from Delhi schools. While a majority of schools have welcomed the idea, many school principals say that the implementation needs a lot of discussion, deliberation and meticulous planning as there are some glaring pitfalls that need to be addressed.The director of Springdales Schools, Dr Jyoti Bose, said while the proposal to open playgrounds to neighbourhood children is noble, the implementation needs some deliberation. \"Children need open spaces to play, but there are issues like security, safety and logistics, age-groups and monitoring that need to be looked at while implementing the proposal,\" said Bose.Moreover, a lot also depends on the kind of proposals Resident Welfare Associations come up with and if they are workable for schools, said Bose.On Tuesday, the urban development minister Kamal Nath approved sports minister Ajay Maken's proposal to make it mandatory for all schools - private and public - where land had been given by the Delhi Development Authority on concessional rates to open their playgrounds after school hours for children from the neighborhood. To make this possible, the sports ministry has decided to rope in RWAs to work out a solution with schools so that a healthy play environment is created for children from neighbouring colonies who are otherwise deprived of space.Highlighting the erratic distribution of open spaces and schools in Delhi, chairperson of The Shri Ram Schools, Manju Bharat Ram, said that it is difficult to bring in uniform implementation of the proposal since the school mapping in the city is not uniform. \"Vasant Vihar has many schools and the area also has a lot of parks. So this might not require the schools in the area to open up their playgrounds. The open spaces in the city are erratic and it would be difficult to implement the proposal uniformly,\" she said.Since schools weren't really a part of the RWA, it also raises a question as to how much authority they will be able to wield to make the implementation possible, Ram said.Principal of Bluebells School International, Suman Kumar, said that apart from security and safety concerns, the number of children coming in will have to be monitored as many schools already have after-school sports academies. \"We can't flood our grounds with more children when the grounds are already being used by the academies and alumni. The space sharing will have to be deliberated upon,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13190295", "title": "Spurned lover stabs girl and her mother", "text": "Bangalore : Spurned by his girlfriend , a 23-year-old private company employee allegedly stabbed the girl and her mother in their Goripalya residence near JJ Nagar early on Wednesday . The victims were rushed to hospital where they were treated as outpatients . The assailantwasbeaten black andblueby his neighbours and later shifted to Ambedkar hospital . He is said to be out of danger .The accused , N Murali of Nandini Layout , and A Asma , 22, were classmates studying BCA in Universal College , Magadi Road . They fell in love . Asma joined a BPO and Murali objected to her talking to other men , leading to differences between them .On Wednesday , Murali barged into Asma's house at 7am when she was waiting for the office cab . \"A heated argument broke out between the two and Murali pulled out a pocket knife and stabbed Asma in her left hand ,\" JJ Nagar police said . Hearing Asma's screams , her mother Irshaad rushedtoher rescue . \"But Murali stabbed her also and tried to escape . But neighbours caught hold of him and thrashed him ,\" police added .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13184139", "title": "Officials seize Rs 5 lakh cash in run-up to bypoll", "text": "TRICHY: One of the six flying squads monitoring the enforcement of the model code of conduct for the June 12 Pudukottai byelection, on Wednesday confiscated Rs 5 lakh cash from a person who claimed to be a Siddha doctor, even as the chief electoral officer of Tamil Nadu Pravin Kumar held a series of meetings with top police officials, zonal officers and representatives of various political parties.There are six flying squads constituted to monitor the election scene in the run up to the by-election, and tahsildar Venkatachalam of flying squad-V intercepted a two-wheeler at Ponnanviduthi in Karambakkudi taluk at 12.10 pm on Wednesday. The rider, identified as Siddha doctor Siva Kalaimani, 34, kept the cash chest on the petrol tank cover. The doctor told the tashildar that he was carrying the money to purchase medicines, but since he did not have any supporting evidence, the cash was confiscated. Venkatachalam told TOI that the cash had 378 Rs 1,000 notes and the 244 Rs 500 notes. With this seizure, the total amount confiscated so far has crossed Rs 30 lakh.Meanwhile, Pravin Kumar was closeted with district collector V Kalaiarasi, DIG (Trichy Range) A Amalraj, and Pudukottai SP R Tamilchandran before meeting representatives of political parties individually. The political parties were represented by Muthaiyyan (AIADMK's district legal wing secretary), Tamil Selvan (Congress party's district secretary), Gnanam (DMDK's deputy district secretary), Kasi Viduthalai Kumaran (CPI's district administrative committee member) and Muruganantham (CPM's district working committee member). It was also brought to the notice of the chief electoral officer that the flying squad was going soft on people close to the ruling party, and it was also alleged that most of the 42 councillors' homes had been used as conduit points to distribute government freebies.Later, Pravin Kumar said all the 224 booths including the later addition of 26 would be considered as sensitive and all of them would be fitted with web cameras to record the entire electoral process on voting day. He said the names of those adults who had been added to the electoral list until May 15 would be released on May 25, and 10 companies of CPRF would arrive in Pudukottai in addition to the 1,500-odd police personnel already present in the constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190485", "title": "Father of youth held in Angola seeks govt help", "text": "VADODARA: The father of a youth from a village near the city who had gone to work at the ETA Star International LLC cement factory at Sumbe in Angola on Friday met the district administration here seeking intervention of the government.The youth, Ashish Maheshwari, was arrested, but was taken to an undisclosed location again after being released from the court late on Tuesday night.Ashish's father Santoshkumar Maheshwari met officials at the district collectorate here and submitted a memorandum addressed to the district collector seeking the government's intervention to ensure the safety of his son. Ashish had gone to work to Angola through an agent having his office in the city.Santoshkumar said that he could get in touch with his on Tuesday night. \"He told me that he was sick. He also did not know where they were being taken after being brought out of the court. Since then, I have not been able to get in touch with him,\" he added.Ashish was tempted to take the job as his family had spent a lot of money for the treatment of his son who had health problems since his birth about a year back. Santoshkumar claimed that his son had all valid documentation in place to work in Angola.\"I am worried for him as he is in trouble there and is sick. He did not sound well when I spoke to him on Tuesday night,\" Santoshkumar, who is a resident of the Undera village on the outskirts of the city, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13188760", "title": "We contested for development, to stop graft, say candidates", "text": "PANAJI: Social service to the public, development of their wards and an end to corruption in panchayats are the reasons why most first-time candidates along the lucrative Bardez coastline contested these elections, or so they claimed.Espousing all these values is Jose Paul Silveira, candidate of ward number one of Candolim panchayat. Part of the 11-member panel of Calangute BJP MLA Michael Lobo, Silveira said his main aim in contesting the elections is \"to get rid of corruption, giver proper service to people and get rid of the money racket in the panchayat\".Silveira, owner of a watersports firm in Sinquerim, contested against sarpanch Fermino Fernandes, who is part of the 11-member panel of former Calangute MLA Agnelo Fernandes. The latter has an enviable track record in Candolim panchayat. In 2002, his panel won nine out of nine, in 2007 they won 11 out of 11 and now they are confident of repeating the feat. The sarpanch dismissed Silveira's charges. \"We will win all 11. People see performance and character,\" he said.Lobo was personally touring the constituency on Wednesday morning. Talking to TOI outside the government primary school in Arpora, Lobo said, \"All my seven candidates are winning in Parra. In Arpora-Nagao, I am getting six out of seven. In Candolim, where the BJP never had a member in the panchayat, I am sure of four but hoping for more. People will vote for change like they voted for me.\"Lobo's confidence stems from the fact that he has already managed to get two candidates elected unopposed-his wife Delilah to the Parra panchayat and Sushma Srikrishna Nagvenkar to the Arpora-Nagao panchayat.Rajesh Morajkar is also a first time candidate from ward number 6 in Arpora-Nagao. His wife Vinanti was deputy sarpanch in the outgoing panchayat body. Asked why he is contesting, Morajkar said, \"Last five years, we have done social service and development. We want to continue.\"Ten candidates are sweating for the votes of 500 voters in Morajkar's ward. There are 40 candidates fighting for the seven wards in Arpora-Nagao. Arpora sarpanch Agostino D'Souza, a panchayat member for 22 years, including a five-year term in the zilla panchayat, said this is the first time so many candidates are contesting panchayat elections. D'Souza said that with the change in government in the state, people want change in the villages as well. He also said that some people think that once they become panchayat members, they can make easy money from builders and real estate agents.No such motives for first-time candidate Subash Pednekar from ward number three of Reis Magos panchayat. Husband of sarpanch Sushmita, Pednekar is contesting because people have forced him in order to defeat the earlier panch member. \"My wife has done lot of development in her ward. I want to do the same in ward three which has been neglected by the earlier panch member,\" Pednekar said.And in Saligao, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar's brother Pramod, stepped into the fray for the first time in ward number five (Mollem bhat) only to stop the illegal constructions on the private forest land there. Pramod claims to have no liking for politics but the youth of the village kept urging him to contest. Bowing to public pressure, the minister requested him and Pramod agreed. \"Now all is concrete even on our slopes. We must retain some of the natural gifts of our village. I intend to beautify the Mollem Bhat spring so people can bathe there like in earlier days,\" Pramod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13178742", "title": "Villagers forced to risk lives on half-constructed bridge", "text": "KORAPUT: A few weeks ago when 26-year-old Subha Pangi of Upper Bara Bandha got labour pain, her family was forced to risk their lives to cross a half-constructed bridge over Bada Nala river to take her to Pottangi hospital. Kito Pangi (25) of the village went through the same ordeal to reach the hospital for her delivery recently.Over 5,000 villagers, including patients, students and farmers of at least 12 villages of Kotia panchayat under Pottangi block are forced to brave the half-constructed bridge, left unfinished reportedly due to a face-off between the contractor and the executing agency.\"Earlier in summer, we used to cross the river very easily. Even vehicles could reach the villages when the water-level was low. But the half-constructed bridge has obstructed direct access to the river. Now we are unable to cross the river and have to cover an extra distance of about six kilometer to reach the nearest road point,\" said Kamala Lochan Pangi of Upper Bara Bandho.\"We have approached the concerned officials many times to complete the work but to no avail. Farmers face problems in transporting their produce to urban markets,\" complained Salpa Pangi, another villager.Official documents reveal that the Integrated Tribal Development Agency (ITDA) of Koraput had started the construction work in February 2011 at an estimated cost of over Rs 19 lakh. The bridge was scheduled to be completed by May 2011.Though 70% work of the bridge has been completed, without the two connecting roads on either side of the bridge, it has been rendered completely useless. The contractor, Govinda Khora, alleges that officials are deliberately harassing him and not allowing him to complete the work. He has lodged written complaints against the concerned junior engineer. \"I have approached the officials concerned several times to allow me to complete the work but to no avail. They are harassing me because I am a tribal,\" Khora said.Brushing aside the allegations, ITDA project administrator of Koraput Tuku Barik said, \"Inquiry was conducted against the contractor's allegation and he failed to prove it. In spite of our several reminders, he is not completing the work. It has been decided to cancel his work order and to retender the work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13178870", "title": "Truck with 20 tonnes of explosives missing in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: The MP police are searching for a truck that they suspect is loaded with 20 tonnes of ammonium nitrate. The police believes that the driver may have sold the chemical used as an oxidising agent in improvised explosive devices to either the red insurgents in neighbouring Chhattisgarh or the illegal mining mafia. The police traced the residence of the driver Ramesh Dahia in Maihar but his house was locked.On Saturday residents of two villages in Umaria district in the eastern part of the state, near the Chhattisgarh border, found 220 gunny bags filled with a white crystalline substance. The gunny bags were found in the forests between Pathrai and Jhala Tekan villages. Most villagers mistook it for urea and brought large quantities of it home, hoping to use it in their fields.But a forest guard also stumbled upon the gunny bags while patrolling the area close to the Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve. He informed the police that a massive quantity of \"urea fertiliser'' had been dumped in the forest. When the police reached the spot, they saw \"Ammonium Nitrate'' written on the bags.\"We asked the villagers to return the bags as they were explosives,'' said Phool Singh Paraste, officer in-charge of Sandhiya police station. \"Investigations led us to different districts in the state. The truck started from Indore and was travelling 900km eastward to Singrauli. Midway it dumped 10 tonnes of explosives in the Umaria jungles and the driver's cell phone details took the probe to Satna, close to Chhattisgarh,'' Paraste said.According to the police, truck number MP19 HA1166 was loaded with 30 tonnes of ammonium nitrate when it started from Indore on April 19 for a delivery assignment to Singrauli. The consignment was being dispatched by Deepak Fertilisers' godown in Indore and was going to IDL Explosives Limited in Singrauli town. But the consignment never reached.On May 3, the supplier of the consignment, Kamal Agarwal, a resident of Indore, registered a complaint with the police that the ammonium nitrate consignment was missing with the truck. \"The truck was loaded with more than 600 gunny bags of the explosives out of which only one-third has been recovered,'' said Paraste.The police said that they are more concerned as the consignment was lost close to the Naxal-affected Chhattisgarh state border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184169", "title": "Rajasthani poet's tribute to Tagore", "text": "KOLKATA: On the centenary year of the publication of the English version of Gitanjali, litterateur Ikraam Rajasthani has translated the book in Rajasthani, \" Anjali Gitan Ri\"making him the first non-European to win the prize.Wednesday saw the release of the Rajasthani translation by chief minister Mamata Banerjee and actor Prosenjit Chatterjee at Town Hall.Speaking at the event, Mamata lauded Ikraam's efforts and said such works should definitely be encouraged. \"This unites poeples and is indeed a noble job gesture. This is a befitting tribute to the bard,\" the chief minister said.\"Anjali Gitan Ri\" is the first poetic translation of the Gitanjali in Rajasthani language. It is being published by H M Bangur of Shree Cement Ltd. Gitanjali, or 'Song Offerings', have been translated into many Indian and foreign languages.The man behind the Rajasthani version, Ikraam, said: \"I completed translating in two months. It's a gift from me to 12 crore Rajasthanis who could not read Tagore's works because of the language barrier,\" said the litterateur.\"By translating Gitanjali into Rajasthani language, Ikraam has accomplished a herculean task that was long due. The translation would go a long way in furthering the ties and strengthening the cultural bridges between Bengal and Rajasthan,\" said Prosenjit whose Ideas Creations and Productions Pvt Ltd have collaborated and were partners of the event.\"Tagore's works have inspired literature in Rajasthan through translation, music and poetry. Ikraam's tribute strengthens this link,\" said Sandeep Bhutoria of Prabha Khaitan Foundation.The Bengali version of the book had been published earlier and Tagore won the nobel prize for it in 1913.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13179908", "title": "Central Railway mulls shifting of long-distance trains to Lokmanya Tilak Terminus", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway may shift operations of long-distance trains from Dadar to Lokmanya Tilak Terminus within a year, if there is no resistance from commuters.Apart from decongesting Dadar, the shift will allow CR to run trains with more coaches. CR general manager Subodh Jain told TOI, \"The platform at Dadar can only accommodate 16-coach trains. We are keen to shift once the Santa Cruz-Chembur link road is commissioned, thus improving road connectivity to LTT, from where 22 pairs of train operate every day.\"Seven pairs of trains operate from Dadar, of which five are on a daily basis. A CR official said, \"Long-distance passengers, who can use suburban services, will not alight at Dadar once all trains are shifted. This will marginally decongest the station.\"The new building, at a cost of Rs 22 crore, will be completed within year. Its circulating area is spread across 25,000 sq metres and it has a concourse area of 3,300 sq metres, the biggest in Mumbai.Jain, who inspected the new LTT building, platforms and yard for almost two hours on Wednesday, said, \"The passenger reservation system has started in the new building. We plan to shift unreserved booking windows from the old station building to the new building within 10 days.\"There are also plans to operate premier trains from platform 5, which is adjacent to the new station building. Jain said, \"Retiring rooms and the 32-bed air-conditioned dormitory will also be operational within a month.\"Work on the new building will be completed within a year, Jain said, and added, \"We also have plans for an underground subway, which is more convenient for commuters. However, before this begins, we will build a foot overbridge within eight months, connecting all platforms.\"LTT's New BuildingCirculating area 25,000 sq mtrsConcourse area 3,300 sq mtrsTotal cost Rs 22 croreTrains from LTT 22Average daily ticket sales at LTT 14,000, including 9,000 platform tickets", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13191425", "title": "\u2018He died while trying to save friend\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: His dreams of making it big in the field of automobiles and in volleyball were cut short as Vaibhav Sudhir, 20, died of drowning in a freak accident in Ganga near Rishikesh on Tuesday morning. A bright engineering student, Vaibhav of Sector 22, had stepped into the Ganga to save the life of a friend, but somehow missed a step and slipped deep into the water currents.Vaibhav was second year student at University of Petroleum and Energy Studies, Dehradun, and had gone to Rishikesh for a picnic with three friends.His neighbours and family members remember him as an easy-going and sharp, lanky youth of six-foot three-inches. Just two days ago, he had called up his mother and enthusiastically informed her about the newly-constructed volleyball court on his college premises.\"We brought his body on late Tuesday night and cremated it this morning. But still we are unable to accept this fact that he is never going to come back. He was an asset to the family -- very sharp, intelligent and all-rounder,\" said a distraught Rajesh Sudhir, his uncle.He added, \"Vibhu was always ready to help others. His friend, who was present on the spot, told us that he had jumped into Ganga to save his drowning friend. Though he did not know swimming, but he did not bother about his own life.\"Usually Vaibhav used to come home on every weekend, but for the last two weeks he had not come as he was busy with exams. Now, only one practical exam was left so he had gone for picnic with three friends. One of them had not entered the river whereas other two Uday Karan Singh, a resident of Sector 45, and Anubhav Kalia, a resident of Sector 69, Mohali, also lost their lives.Anubhav's body was also cremated this morning. One of his relative told TOI, \"They had gone for river rafting and we had many times told Anubhav to avoid doing such things. It is an irreparable loss for the family.\" Family members of Uday took his body to their hometown in Dabwali for the cremation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13190761", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University answer-sheets found in Haryana", "text": "SURAT: Authorities at the Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) were shocked to receive a call few days ago from a person in Rohtak, Haryana, who claimed to have a bundle of answer-sheets belonging to the university.The person said that he found the bundle of answer-sheets lying on the road.At first instance, the authorities thought it was a prank. But, when the caller disclosed the details written on the bundle, the officials were convinced that it belonged to VNSGU. The authorities soon swung into action to find out what went wrong and how the answer-sheets reached all the way to Rohtak.Collecting details from the caller, the varsity asked examination section to find out details about the bundle. Initially, the officials were not able to trace the institute to which the answer-sheet belonged. But during checking in detail it was found that the bundle belonged to a city college.The authorities were nervous as the missing answer-sheets would have created a storm. However, investigation revealed that the answer-sheets were not of any recent exams but three years old.\"To check from where the bundle went missing, we first collected the serial numbers printed on the answer-sheet to match it with our records. We were not able to match it and we were on our toes to trace the origin for couple of weeks,\" said an examination official.\"It is impossible that answer-sheet bundle can go missing. We take required care in keeping them safe for at least two years after the results are announced,\" the official added.The examination authorities roped in faculty members of the specific subject to provide information if they have any. The secret got revealed only when the entire answer-sheet set numbers were matched with the varsity records. \"After checking the records, we found that the serial number and subject does not match with any recent exams,\" said the official.\"While checking three year old records, it was found that the answer-sheets were older than that period. As per the routine procedure, the answer-sheets were disposed off after the limited preservation time. The answer-sheets were given in scrap and later the scrap dealer must have sold it to someone in Rohtak and we believe that while in transportation the bundle fell out of the truck,\" said a senior varsity official on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13190661", "title": "Tainted African nationals leave Bangalore cops in a tizzy", "text": "Bangalore : African nationals are repeatedly landing in police custody on drug peddling and cyber fraud charges over the past three years . This has forced city police to think of seeking the external affairs ministry's help to get the habitual offenders deported . Police have booked a Nigerian under the Goonda Act for committing offences repeatedly , incarcerating him for at least one year without any bail provision . About 25 Africans figure in city police records , and at least five are repeated offenders . Additional commissioner of police (law and order ) T Suneel Kumar said they will write to the MEA, seeking its intervention to deport repeat offenders . \"It's becoming impossible to control these African nationals as they indulge in drug peddling and cyber frauds . Many of them continue to live in the country even after their visas have expired ,\" he pointed out. A senior police officer said 13 African nationals are absconding after being given bail . \"They arefrom Nigeria , Ghana and Kenya . All are drug peddlers . After getting bail , they have gone missing and are now declared absconding warrantees .\" African nationals who figure in criminal incidents can't speak Hindi or the local language though they have lived here for years , slowing the pace of investigation . \"They tend to be non-cooperative ,\" a senior officer said . \"Many come to India with forged passports . Neither do their embassies accept them nor can we keep them here as they are not Indians .\"Police want habitual offenders to be deportedThe CrimesAfrican nationals are mostly involved inDrug peddling:They sell cocaine, heroin, brown sugar and other types of narcotics. Those arrested tell police that their bosses operate out of Mumbai or Delhi. But cops have failed to track the kingpins.Cyber fraud:Many African nationals are involved in email-cheating cases. Their modus operandi is like this: They send mass emails congratulating the receiver on winning a lot of foreign money in a lottery. They also send across mails stating that a multi-billionaire met with an accident and is on death bed. Hence, the rich man has bequeathed his estate to the mail receiver. There are many who fall for this. The culprits manage to get the victims' money even before they realize what's happening. The list of victims consist of policemen and advocates.WHAT THEY DID2009Three persons in police net for drug peddling. Two are from Kenya and one from Ghana.2010Six arrested again on drug-peddling charges. Two each were from Kenya and Nigeria, while one each was from Ghana and Ivory Coast.2011Eight Nigerians arrested for alleged drug peddling. Police say five persons escaped.2012(till April) Two Africans, including one Nigerian, nabbed for drug peddling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13190691", "title": "Weak rupee to make polished diamonds costlier", "text": "SURAT: With the rupee hitting an all time low at 54.51 per dollar on Wednesday, the glitter of sparkling gems has become costlier for the consumers in India. Reason: polished diamonds are billed in dollars.For example, a three-carat polished diamond valued at $400 per carat was available for Rs 60,000 few months ago when the rupee was Rs 50 against dollar. Now, the same piece could be priced at Rs 65,412 in the jewellery stores. However, diamond consumers will have to cough up the difference amount of Rs 5,412 per piece.Sanjay Kothari, vice-chairman of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council ( GJEPC) said \"The weaking rupee will put a price pressure on the Indian consumers buying polished diamonds. But, this will not erode the profit margins of the exporters and the dealers of polished diamonds in the country.\"About the effect of rupee weaking on the diamond trade, Kothari said, \"The trade will be less affected as we are importing rough diamonds from overseas market. And the export and import trade is carried out in dollars.\"\"Polished diamonds are priced in dollars and the consumers have to pay as per the current rupee rate. Now, these diamonds set in jewellery will become costlier, at least for the Indian consumers due to the weakening of Indian rupee,\" said Dipak Choksi, regional chairman, All-India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation ( GJF).Praveen Nanavaty, chairman of leading Surat-based jewellery company, SHE Jewels said \"Polished diamonds of various size, shapes and colours are studded in the gold and silver jewellery. We have to calculate the price of polished stones in dollars. However, the stone which costed Rs 80,000 few months ago would now cost above Rs.1 lakh due to the weakening of the rupee. This will effect the overall pricing of the jewellery piece by giving more burden on the pocket of the Indian consumers.\"As per the official statistics from the gems and jewellery industry, the polished diamond market in India is pegged at $4.5 billion per annum. In the past couple of years, the sale of polished diamonds is growing at the rate of 40 per cent year-on-year and is expect to touch $6 billion by 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180916", "title": "Ajay Maken to BCCI: Stay away from IPL", "text": "NEW DELHI: The TV sting operation on the Indian Premier League (IPL), which hinted at spot-fixing and prevalence of murky dealings in the cash-rich league, has given sports minister Ajay Maken fresh reasons to attack the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).Maken told a gathering of media persons on Wednesday that it's important that the BCCI stayed at an arm's distance from the IPL to avoid any conflict of interest that can eventually mount to corruption.\"The IPL should not be under BCCI so that there is no overlapping of interests. Both bodies should be separate organizations. Even in the English Premier League (EPL) and other leagues the world over, there is always a distance between the leagues and the parent sports federations. The Football Association (FA) never organizes the EPL,\" said Maken.The minister also used the opportunity to reiterate that it was high time BCCI came under the Right to Information (RTI) Act and that the proposed sports bill - which has faced a lot of resistance - was tabled in the Parliament.Maken pointed out that the BCCI could have avoided this situation had it come under the RTI Act as just suspending the five alleged players was not enough. \"The BCCI has to go to the root of the problem. The International Cricket Council has mandated BCCI to run the game in India and it has to resolve this issue,\" he said.\"They should not submit their accounts to us but they should open up their accounts to RTIs. This will bring much-needed credibility to BCCI,\" Maken said while reiterating that politicians should not run sports bodies in the country. \"Politicians should keep away from running sports federations.That's why the sports bill is so important. We must ensure that senior sportspersons and qualified people head the sports federations,\" asserted the minister.Meanwhile, talking about the role of the IPL franchisees in the alleged murky dealings, Maken said that it was up to BCCI to tackle the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180623", "title": "Government mulls denotification of land in North-West Delhi villages", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is planning to denotify 500 acres of land, which it had acquired from 1000-odd farmers to develop a housing project. The land was notified in 2006 and a portion of the first phase of the Narela project was supposed to come up there. However, the government failed to award the special rehabilitation package of nearly Rs 100 crore to the farmers, forcing them to rise up in protest. Now, with the denotification, the farmers might get back their land.Last October, Delhi high court had asked the government to award the package money to farmers by December 2011. But since the government didn't pay, the farmers filed a contempt petition against the government in the high court.On May 14, land and building minister Raj Kumar Chauhan had sent the file pertaining to the acquisition to the office of CM Sheila Dikshit. He requested her to forward the same to LG Tejendra Khanna so that clearance to de-notify land in the five villages - Singhu, Alipur, Bakholi, Mamoorpur and Tikri Khurd-could be obtained. In his letter, Chauhan blamed Delhi Development Authority for not releasing the fund money.\"DDA has not shown the intention to take over this land as they are making issues in release of special rehabilitation package as compensation, while the land rates as per the market information are manifold. In this scenario, we may request the LG to denotify the said piece of land and give it back to the farmers,\" states the letter attached with the acquisition file marked to CM's office on Monday.But DDA had earlier put the ball in the government's court, saying that as per the existing policy guidelines, it could only pay the amount awarded by the land acquisition collector; this being a special package cleared by Delhi cabinet, it was the urban development ministry's responsibility.\"This special rehabilitation package is not part of awardees amount. It was, therefore, suggested that the government would take up the matter with urban development ministry to grant special dispensation and to authorize DDA to pay the special rehabilitation package,\" reads the letter sent by DDA to government on April 20.Amid this infighting between the two agencies, farmers have only received Rs 29.15 lakh per acre till date when the market rate is Rs 2 crore per acre. \"We would be more than happy if the government denotifies our land and gives it back to us,\" said Balu Ram Pradhan, a farmer from Tikri Khurd village.In September 2008, amid massive demonstrations by farmers, Sheila Dikshit's government had announced a one-time special package for farmers whose lands had been acquired. It was not until December 18, 2007 that the award was finally announced.Farmers were promised a higher compensation on the basis of a rate approved by the cabinet at Rs 53 lakh per acre, plus solatium at 30% and interest at 12.5% per year after suitable adjustments for 2005 and 2006.Times ViewThis is a case where government inefficiency means that somebody else has to pay the price. Fairness demands that the farmers can't simply be given back the land in return for the money they received as compensation for its acquisition. Quite apart from the fact that many or all of them might have spent the money by now, who is to compensate them for the loss of livelihood for the last six years? So, the government must make good that loss to them. But that would mean the taxpayer foots the bill. The bottomline is that fertile land of extremely high value both for agriculture and for other purposes has simply been allowed to lie idle for six years. Accountability for this mess must be fixed and action taken", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13184041", "title": "Nun 'abused' by priest appears before court seeks to engage lawyer", "text": "TRICHY: All the five accused in the Sister Florence Mary rape case appeared before the mahila court in Trichy on Wednesday, even as the victim submitted a petition before the judge, seeking permission to officially engage a lawyer for the prosecution, along with the public prosecutor before the start of the trial.Meanwhile, defence lawyer A Rajendran, who appeared for Fr Rajarathinam, a Jesuit priest and accused number one in the case, asked the judge to grant more time to counter the victim's plea. Judge Rahman posted the hearing to May 28.Fr Rajarathinam, the former principal of St Joseph's College, Trichy was accused by Florence Mary (31), a former member of St Anne's congregation in Trichy, of rape in 2006 and later in 2008. The priest was granted anticipatory bail by the Madras high court on November 3, 2010 after he allegedly went underground for over a month.The other accused in the case were Fr Provincial Mudiappasamy Devadoss, Fr Joe Xavier, Fr Xavier Vedam, the principal of Arulanandar College, Karumathur and Dr Suchitra attached to Kavery hospital, Trichy who had allegedly conducted the abortion on the nun who was allegedly raped by Fr Rajaranthinam.Fr Devadoss, and Fr Joe Xavier were charged under section 506 (1) (Criminal intimidation), Fr Xavier Vedam under section 506(1) and also the Women's Harassment Act (section 4) and Dr Suchitra under sections 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence) and 313 (causing miscarriage without woman's consent).Advocate Irudayasamy, who appeared for Florence Mary said that the victim had every right to engage a lawyer and said that the prosecution had also staked its claim to cross-examine the defence witnesses during the trial.The petitioner's counsel also said the names of two lawyers were proposed so that when one was absent, the other would officially appear on behalf of the victim. The police had filed an 88-page charge-sheet before the judicial magistrate-I Illangovan on June 21 last year. The case was then transferred to the district principal sessions judge who on February 23 this year transferred the case to the mahila court asking all the parties to appear there on March 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13179969", "title": "Seven buried alive in two wall collapse incidents", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least seven persons, including five children, were buried alive when the mud walls of a ditch caved in two separate incidents reported from UP's Rampur district on Wednesday.In the first incident, five children were buried alive under loads of mud on the outskirts of Milakchikna village under Civil Lines police station on Wednesday morning. Over a dozen children of the village were digging clay under a mud mount when a mud wall caved in. While most of the children managed to escape, five were trapped under the mud load.The children who were witnesses to the incident raised an alarm. Villagers rushed to the site but that proved late. The deceased children were identified as Gulshad (16) and his brother Ibrahim(10), Pinki (15) and her sister Shama (12) and Ruksaar (13). All the five children were neighbours and had come to collect clay which was to be used to plaster the non-cemented floor of their house.Even as the rescue work was still underway at Milakchikna village, a similar incident took place in the adjacent village of Panwariya. Three labourers were digging deep into a mud mount in search of clay when a wall caved him. Though the rescue came quick and the three were brought out of the ditch, two of them died before any medical help could arrive. Those killed were identified as Radhey Shyam and Harwinder - both local residents and aged around 25 years.The seven bodies were later sent for postmortem. Police suspect that most of the victims died either of suffocation or fractures in rib cage. Police have registered separate cases in connection with the two incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13185277", "title": "Presidency University homecoming for three professors", "text": "KOLKATA: Some of the brightest minds of the city who had left for better opportunities abroad are returning to their roots to turn Presidency University into a world-class centre for excellence.For two of them, it's a homecoming of sorts - Somak Raychoudhury, reader in astrophysics at the School of Physics and Astronomy in the University of Birmingham, and Benjamin Zachariah, teacher of South East Asian history at the University of Sheffield, are Presidency alumni. The third - Adhar Manna, assistant professor in basic bio-medical sciences at the Sanford School of Medicine, University of South Dakota - is a graduate of Maulana Azad College.All three will soon join the Presidency faculty. These are the first names from abroad made public by the university council after it ratified teacher appointments on Monday.For all three, it is back to the nostalgia of Promod Da's canteen, the bookstores on College Street, the Coffee House and its long addas and the classrooms of Baker Lab and Derozio Building. And the trio is bubbling with plans to restore Presidency to the glory of yore.As Somak Raychaudhuri said: \"I don't think I would be a lone voice if I admit that it was a very painful experience to watch this once-glorious institution roll steadily downhill. Now that the opportunity to re-build it has opened, I am more than happy to try and lay a little brick in the great wall.\"Zachariah echoed the view. \"I believe that the college has never compromised on the quality of students. The best brains have always found a place in the institution. However, I do believe that the tradition of teaching has suffered over the years. There is a scope for improvement,\" Zachariah said. Even during his stint abroad, he made it a point to visit Presidency once a year as a guest faculty. \"I loved the experience of teaching at Presidency, even if it was just as a guest faculty member. I wanted to continue to be involved in the newly formed university as well. To take part in syllabus framing and have a say in the curriculum is wonderful. I still do not know how my ideas can be implemented or the exact dimension of my engagement. I need time to hold discussions with the authorities. But, just from my urge to remain involved, I had applied for the job,\" Zachariah added.Adhar Manna felt it was a good time to join the institution now that Presidency is being turned into a centre for excellence. \"After living in the US for 15 years and gathering global exposure, I thought I could perhaps offer something to the students. Moreover, I know the education system in this country. Thus, it will not be difficult to cope.\"Raychaudhury, who is internationally acclaimed as a leading astrophysicist, said he was looking forward to planning for the future. \"You don't need a time machine and go back to 1935 to restore the glory of Presidency. We have to plan for the future to bring up the standards to be comparable with the best in the world. I've studied at Oxford and Cambridge, and worked at Harvard , Pune and Birmingham. I hope I have learnt a few things about what makes these institutions leaders in the field and I can share the experience that will help Presidency achieve glory,\" said the astrophysicist who has developed modern teaching laboratories in physics, including an observatory in Birmingham.His days as a Presidency student were the most eventful three years of his life, he says. Any special memory? \"It's hard to pinpoint one event. One of the highlights was editing the college magazine, which is one of the hardest things to do in Presidency, since the talent pool was so immense. The editors had creative differences with each other and with the professor in charge. Each meeting was great fun.\"\"I also remember that I directed a play version of Parashuram's 'Ulot-puran' to represent Presidency at the inter-college competition at St Xavier's (Xavotsav), with 15 characters. Each actor was immensely talented and quite strong-willed with ideas of their own, so it was a director's nightmare. Towards the end, there was a scene where Mr Turncoat makes a speech at Hyde Park, and gets pelted with vegetables. I had planted a few people in the audience to throw small objects, but in the end the audience got into the mood, and the play ended rather abruptly, in utter disarray....\" he laughs.Remuneration will not be any issue, feels Zachariah. \"Of course, they can't match my salary. I am taking up the role as an intellectual challenge. The job will offer some flexibility and allow me to express my creativity,\" he said. Manna, however, feels otherwise. \"It is a wrong notion. Seminars, journals, paper publications and research work gives a faculty member enough scope to receive good remuneration, sometimes as good as abroad,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13186193", "title": "Indore: School heads back government initiative of diabetes screening for students", "text": "INDORE: The increasing number of diabetic patients and young generation falling victim to the disease in their early life prompted the government to think about the need for regular diabetes screening among schoolchildren, a view strongly backed by the private schools in the city and sought to bring their students also under the cover of the programme.According to health experts, diabetes catches Indians 10 years earlier than their western counterparts. Among the children, prevalence of Type-II diabetes has almost doubled in last decade.Dr Sandeep Julka, a city-based diabetologist, said that Type-II diabetes occurs mainly due to genetical and environmental changes. The country is witnessing a sudden change in environment and food habits, which are pushing the young population into diabetes and other health disorders.\"Schools should promote physical exercise and let the children play outdoor games. Parents, on the other hand, should promote their wards to use bicycles and discourage fast food,\" he said. Appreciating the efforts by the government, Dr Julka welcomed the move of the Union health ministry to screen school-going children.Taking cognizance of the alarming number of diabetic patients in the country and the need to screen school students for this disease, the Union ministry of health and family welfare felt the need for screening programme at the school level and introduced it on pilot basis in six districts in the country including Ratlam. The screening is primarily focused on school students from Class I to X and in the age group of 5 to 15 years. The School Health Programme (SHP) under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) focusing schoolchildren between the age group of 6-18 and enrolled in government and government-aided schools is already in place. The prime attention is to address the health needs of children, both physical and mental, and in addition, it provides for nutrition interventions, physical activities and counselling.The school principals rue that parents are not taking responsibility of their children adding that they themselves promote junk food, which is a main reason for health problems among kids. Dilip Vasu, principal, Choithram International School, says, \"We provide food similar to that of home. It is nutritious and good for health. But, during meeting with parents, I face more questions related to food than academics. Parents support their children's junk food habit.\" He said that school-based screening programme of the government was welcome but it should also be introduced in private schools as cases of diabetes would be found more among students in private schools.Principal of Indore Public School Cynthia James said that an appreciable step has been taken by the government. \"Though we conduct medical check-up twice a year, we do not have diabetes screening programme. Such programmes should be introduced in private schools as well.\" She insisted that parents themselves are conscious and educated enough to take care of their kids' diet and health.\"We give general awareness to the students that junk food is not good for health. Education has to be given to the students at all level on the subject,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13181744", "title": "Should baba be booked for fraud: High court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday sought the government's reply on a plea for prosecution of self-proclaimed godman Nirmal Baba for allegedly duping people in the garb of providing magical treatment to them.A division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw issued notice to the Union ministry of home affairs and the Delhi government and sought their replies on a social worker A K Jain's plea for prosecution.While issuing notices, the court also asked the petitioner to make Nirmaljeet Singh Narula alias Nirmal Baba a party to his petition.In his petition, Jain sought the court's order for registration of an FIR against the Baba under the Drug and Magic Remedies Objectionable Advertisement (DMROA) Act.Jain said Baba, in his advertisements both on electronic and print media, falsely claims himself to be a representative of God and asks people to deposit money in his account for fulfillment of their wishes and for getting cured from any disease through his magical treatment.Petitioner's counsel contended that Baba's act is contrary to the DMROA Act and the Centre and the Delhi government are under obligation to discharge their duties by stopping such advertisements.Seeking an order for lodging of an FIR against Baba, the petitioner said, \"The amount received in different accounts by Baba be ordered to be confiscated as the same money has been earned by playing fraud and mischief to the common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13203721", "title": "Worst summer in five years", "text": "NAME | Chitra ShenoyFAMILY SIZE | 5 membersAREA PROFILE | One of the most prominent residential pockets of the city, Marredpally is inhabited both by the salaried and business class. The area is dotted with both high-rises and independent houses, many of which were constructed several decades ago. But drinking water has always been scarce in this area with many houses receiving negligible drinking water supply. The crisis that has only worsened this time around and has left denizens with no choice but to bank on packaged water for their daily use.CITIZEN SPEAK | Not only is the manjeera water supply erratic but also of poor quality. The water often gets mixed with sewage and so I prefer using mineral water. We use manjeera water for other domestic purposes. Apart from buying 50 litres of drinking water every alternate day, we also spend not less than Rs 3,000 a month on tankers because our bore-well has dried up this summer. In all, the expenditure on water is now eating into our monthly budget. While the area is known for its water issues, in the past fi ve years we haven't faced much of a problem. This year the crisis seems to be very severe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13189438", "title": "Punjab, Chennai have a mountain to climb on Thursday", "text": "DHARAMSALA: Two seasons ago, Mahendra Singh Dhoni had struck a last-ball six at the HPCA stadium to take his team into the semis and ultimately to their maiden IPL title. Team Chennai are at the same venue, against the same opponents and in a similar situation, when they take on Punjab on Thursday.In a contest which will see no prisoners taken, the hopes of one of the teams will come crashing down, more so of Chennai, who are in pursuit of a hat-trick of titles this year.Punjab will hope for better luck at their \"adopted\" home after losing four of their six games at Mohali this year. But, they are up against a team which will be a tough nut to crack. Their star-studded rivals are in a desperate situation and are sure to come hard at them.David Hussey and his band of youngsters have received praise galore for the way they have fought against superior teams. But from now on, there will be no rewards for merely putting up a fight.For either team its victory or nothing. If Dhoni and his team strode into the scenic hill station on Wednesday with hopes still alive, it is only due to the last-ball six Dwayne Bravo hit in Kolkata on Monday night. That pulsating win at the Eden has given Chennai one more chance to stay afloat in order to defend their crown.Chennai have not played like a team with two successive IPL titles in their kitty. May be it is the fatigue factor or just that their star players have not performed up to potential. Despite the desperate situation they are in, Chennai chose to skip practice on eve of the match which is a knockout for both the teams.On the morrow, Chennai will become the first team to end their league campaign and even a win may not guarantee a place in the playoff straightaway. It will be an agonizing 48 hours before they will know their fate.For Punjab, the situation could not have been worse. Their last two matches are must-win affairs and against opponents that are as tough as they come. After Chennai, they will end their campaign against Delhi, to whom they had gone down fighting on Tuesday before making a dash for Dharamsala. Despite being the home team, Punjab have had little time to acclimatise and for them too it is as good as a new venue.Though Hussey has handled the team excellently in the absence of skipper Adam Gilchrist, the former Aussie wicketkeeper must be contemplating making a comeback having recovered from the hamstring injury. Of course, he will have doubts as he has been on the bench for over a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13193911", "title": "Hyderabad to host breast cancer experts\u2019 meet", "text": "Hyderabad: Standardising breast healthcare and establishing breast surgery as a subspecialty in India are the major goals which will be discussed at the international meeting of breast surgeons from India and abroad to be held in the city this month.Along with world renowned breast cancer specialists , around 250 surgeons and multidisciplinary professionals involved in the management of breast cancer will be attending the event which is to be held here from May 18 to 20.The event is the first of its kind initiative in the country and is being organised by Association of Breast Surgeons in India (ABSI) along with the European Society of Breast Cancer Specialists ( EUSOMA).The theme for the international congress is 'Breast healthcare in India - time for a paradigm change' . The three-day long programme comprises discussions and debates on several topics like best practices, latest advancements in science of breast surgery, best treatment guidelines, improving the management of benign breast disease in India, importance of specialist breast healthcare centres and importance of early detection .The programme will begin with a dedicated advocacy session on the importance of counselling breast cancer patients led by classical dancer and breast cancer survivor Ananda Shankar Jayant on May 18.Dr P Raghuram, founding honorary secretary of ABSI, said the event will be both unique and helpful as it would sensitise the participants on the need for counselling while dealing with breast cancer cases, an area so far neglected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179130", "title": "Road repairs will begin in two days", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will soon begin repairs on over 100 city roads at a cost of Rs 25 crore. The standing committee on Tuesday approved funds for these works to be carried out all over the city under different ward offices including Hadapsar, Pashan, Baner, Kothrud and old city areas.\"The city has been divided into five divisions and pot holes, asphalting and leveling of roads will be done. Nearly 20 to 25 roads per division will be repaired,\" Baburao Chandere, chairman of the standing committee, said.Civic activists said that repairs will not last if they are carried out haphazardly. \"Road works are done half-heartedly and no standards are followed,\" Vivek Velankar, founder of city based Sajag Nagrik Manch, said.Standards set by the Indian Road Congress (IRC) should be followed while repairing roads which is not done. \"Public money will be wasted if timely and proper repairs are not carried out,\" he said.Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd), founder of Nagari Chetana Manch, said that the civic body should prioritise works and plan accordingly.\"Road repairs should have been planned much earlier, well before the start of monsoon. A priority list of works should be created and this timetable followed so that seasonal works can be carried out in time and in full strength. If the works are carried out at the eleventh hour, then quality cannot be maintained,\" he added.Chandere said that authorities have been directed to speed up work. \"It will start within two days and the roads will be ready before monsoon,\" he said.Superintending engineer Pramod Nirbhavane said, \"Works have been divided so they they will be carried out fast. Five different contractors have been given the task to complete the works so that they will be done before monsoon. Some works can be carried out when there is a break in the monsoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13178891", "title": "Farmers lodge complaint against Tehsildar, Naib Tehsildar under under Atrocity Act", "text": "GONDIA: After being accused of hooliganism and ruckus, ten farmers who were demanding regularization of their encroached land in Sadak Arjuni's tehsil office on May 14, lodged a complaint against tehsildar Alka Shingade (27) and naib tehsildar Arun Mawale with Duggipar police under the Atrocity Act.Shocked, Mawale and Shingade said that the incident occurred when they were working in the tehsildar's chamber. Around 11.30am, some 10 people entered the chamber along with the chief of 'Jan Kalyan Samiti' Gopal Gadpayale (48) who is from Khandala village.The farmers were demanding a letter from the collector stating that the land they encroached upon must be regularized. The tehsildar tried to convince them saying that such powers are vested only with the district collector. The farmers then returned.In a turnaround, the farmers went to the Duggipar police station and lodged a complaint against Shingade and Mawale under the Atrocities Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13182913", "title": "Hope floats for depleting spiny lobster production", "text": "RAJKOT: In an important development for the fishing community of Gujarat, the Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute (CMFRI), a constituent organization of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research, New Delhi, successfully conducted a field demonstration trial of the open sea farming of spiny lobster.The farming was demonstrated on Wednesday in the open sea research cage farm established off Veraval in Junagadh district.According to K Mohammed Koya, scientist, CMFRI (Veraval Station), the lobster, popularly known as 'Teetan', in Gujarat is one of the highest valued marine fishery resources, fetching up to $30-$40 per kilo in when it reaches in some of the prime markets in the world in live condition.\"However, once a lucrative fishery in Gujarat waters, the lobster abundance has been reduced drastically in the recent years due to various reasons including habitat destruction and climate change. Juveniles of these shellfish form an incidental catch in the trawl net and 'wada' net in stray numbers and the fishermen sell the same for meager price in the local market as it is below the minimum legal size for export, causing huge loss to the economy,'' Koya saidHe said that on growing of such juvenile lobsters caught as bycatch beyond minimum legal size of 150 g per piece to enable it be qualified for export and fetch better price was necessary to add value to this high value resource.\"2,500 lobsters collected from landing centers of Veraval, Mahua and Jaffarabad with an average weight of 80 g were stocked in two circular cages of 6 metre diameter and 4 metre net depth in the first week of February. After the grow out period of nearly 110 days, the lobsters reached an average size of 203 g with a growth increment approximately 1.36 g per day with nearly 93.7% survival. The total harvest weighed 272 kg of three different size grades fetching a total of nearly Rs 2.40 lakh at the local prices,'' he added.Scientists say that the success of the field trial will brings relief to the coastal population especially, the fishermen community from the decreasing catch and skyrocketing input costs.\"The state administration has immense potential to enhance its fish production from the stagnating 5 lakh-6 lakh tonne per year to 10 lakh-12 lakh tonne per year, bringing in additional revenue to the economy. The open sea farming is one major source of fish production in many of the leading fish producing countries like Japan, China, South East Asian countries, Norway and others since long,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13182128", "title": "Crack the whip on horse races, Mumbai's police commissioner told", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking a serious note of the illegal horse-cart race that took place on Saturday night, some animal rights activists have written to police commissioner Arup Patnaik, urging him to take a strong stand for public safety.The managing partner of Manilal Kher Ambalal and Co, Vikram Trivedi, in his letter to the top cop, stated that more than 50 motorcyclists were racing along side at least 20 horse-carriages on the Eastern Express Highway around midnight and they were accompanied by over 50 motorcyclists-some of whom were carrying whips - on the highway.TOI reported the incident on May 14. \"The horse-carriage race was completely illegal as per the Performing Animals Rules (1973 and 2001) and also under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act (1960),\" said Trivedi, who is also the solicitor for NGO Animals and Birds Charitable Trust (ABCT). \"The police have the power to not only book offenders, but also confiscate the horses that were part of the race on the highway,\" he added. The NGO has filed a PIL and sought a in the Bombay high court is fighting ban on the use of horses and ponies in carriages or for joyrides in Mumbai.Trivedi has also urged the police chief to sensitize officials manning the control room to such issues, so that they can take prompt action whenever any citizens informs them on the phone.\"It seems that such illegal horse races usually take place late on Saturday nights on the highway,\" said activist and lawyer Ambika Hiranandani.\"We request the police to be vigilant on such days so that the culprits can be arrested,\" she added.In June 2007, two horses were injured on the Eastern Express Highway after colliding with a taxi head-on during a race. They were taken to a the Parel animal hospital run by Bombay Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (BSPCA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179487", "title": "New VC to promote research activities", "text": "PUNE: The new vice-chancellor of University of Pune (UoP), Wasudev Gade, on Wednesday said he would emphasize on promoting research activities in all departments. Reforms in the exam department and tightening security on campus would be next on his agenda.Gade was speaking to reporters after assuming charge as vice-chancellor here. Gade took charge from acting vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande. The university has been mired in various issues -- such as irregularities in the examination department, transport-related issues and security -- since the past few months.Gade, who was the director of Board of College and University Development (BCUD) at UoP, was interviewed by governor and chancellor K Sankaranarayanan on Tuesday.The appointment comes a week after the Bombay high court dismissed a public interest litigation challenging the selection process of vice-chancellor of University of Pune. The appointment was done nine months after Raghunath Shevgaonkar resigned as vice-chancellor to take charge as director of IIT-Delhi. \"Employability of students passing out of the university is also a major concern. Compared to engineering students, whose employability is 25%, the other non-technical disciplines only have 5% employability. I would like to concentrate on these areas. Skill development could be one option to increase the employability,\" Gade said.Asked about the problems in the examination department, Gade said, \"The department needs to be strengthened further. Efforts will be taken to reduce human intervention which should bring down the errors.\" Gade said as many of the senior professors from the university have resigned to join the central universities for further research, their posts are left vacant. Good professors leaving the university is not a positive sign. To curb this, a good environment for research can be provided. This will also improve the quality of teaching, he added.Commenting on the murder of a security guard on the campus, Gade said, \"A security expert will be consulted before drawing a new plan for beefing up the security. The fact that the internal roads are regularly used by people from surrounding areas will be considered while drawing the plan. Some residents come for morning or evening walks in the university premises. The number of daily visitors to the university is also huge. All these factors would be considered in the security plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180473", "title": "Buddha Jayanti Park sizzles under sun, no rape ripples", "text": "NEW DELHI: From the look of it, nothing about the Buddha Jayanti Park suggests romance. The ground remains barren for most part, tree branches are devoid of green leaves and massive mounds of dug up earth and big rocks form the landscape of the enormous park. But step inside, and you're bound to come across love-struck couples eager to catch up on some alone time. Clearly, the April 25 gang rape of a woman at the park hasn't deterred them from visiting the place.On Tuesday, police said four men raped the young woman at LNJP hospital, then again at the park, and finally killed her after taking her back to the hospital. The rape isn't a one-off case. In 2003, two members of the President's Bodyguards raped a 17-year-old Delhi University student at the park while two others kept watch.\"Several incidents of harassment have taken place over the past few months with people passing lewd comments at couples. Last week several boys were apprehended for doing so. But people continue to visit,\" says a parking attendant. He adds that at least 4,000 people - mostly couples - frequent the park everyday.Even as the mercury soared to over 40 degrees on Wednesday afternoon, the park was dotted with couples cozying up. Some sprawled on the grass as they listened to songs on their mobile phones, others sought shade under a tree or behind the arid bushes.\"This place is quiet and there is nobody to stop us from spending time with each other. I didn't know about the rape but I won't stop coming here because of it. There are few places where I can be alone with my fiance. Besides, in Delhi, one can get raped anywhere,\" says Ashima, who a regular at the park.Four cops man the park and they say there isn't any cause for worry. In fact, they refuse to believe that a woman could be raped there. \"We walk around the park, otherwise we are stationed at the booth. If somebody calls 100, cops will reach the spot within five minutes. I am not aware of any rape having occurred here and don't think it's possible. We didn't receive any complaint,\" says a constable at the park.The desolate park, however, suggests otherwise. Most visitors seem unaware of their surroundings and cops, too, take few rounds. The sheer size of the park suggests it's quite possible, simple even, to evade the eyes of cops and voyeurs. Empty condom wrappers scattered on the ground and newspapers spread sporadically testify to the oblivion. Cops admit that they cannot monitor the entire park and can only react when somebody complains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179643", "title": "Riverbed cleaning underway near five bridges", "text": "PUNE: A clean-up operation near five bridges across the Mutha and the Mula- Mutha is underway. Five wards officers are overseeing the clearing of garbage, rubble, plastic waste and other impediments that prevent the smooth flow of water in the riverbed, once the monsoon begins.Civic officials said the project will improve the water-carrying capacity and the natural flow of the rivers. A nodal officer is co-coordinating the operation at Mhatre, Dengale, Rajaram, Bund Garden and Wadgaon Sheri bridges. The first leg of the river cleaning project which began a week ago will be completed this month-end. The project was undertaken by the irrigation department and Pune Municipal Corporation ( PMC).\"Machinery to clear the river bed was deployed last week. The work is currently underway at five spots and is expected to be completed a week before the monsoon,\" Vivek Kharwadkar, additional city engineer, told TOI on Wednesday.\"The clean-up has been undertaken along with the irrigation department which provided the machinery. The civic body has deployed the manpower and fuel. The work at Rajaram bridge is almost complete. In addition, a 100 m area on both sides of the banks has been levelled to help faster flow of the river when in spate,\" he added.Earlier, efforts to desilt and clean some river patches was done to prevent a floodlike situation during the monsoon. It had increased the water-carrying capacity of the river in Sinhagad Road, Bund Garden and Deccan Gymkhana areas.The Warje ward office cleared debris and garbage. \"Nearly one tonne garbage was lifted from the area. Along with the officials, nearly 100 employees of a private firm participated in the drive,\" said Deepak Dhelwan, sanitary inspector, Warje road ward office.The civic body can dispose of the silt by using it in the civic gardens, or to cap the garbage dumping site at Urali Devachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "13190835", "title": "Dugri hopes for a smooth ride", "text": "DUGRI: Less than a week after Dugri Community Organization was formed, residents have already started seeing improvement in the area.Recarpeting and patchwork of the road that has been pending for several months was finally started on Tuesday, giving residents fresh hope of enjoying a smooth drive soon. Members of the organization are working on solving other issues too.Residents of Dugri had been complaining about the pathetic condition of roads for a long time. They rued that the authorities had installed big foundation stones for constructing roads and then shirked responsibility.Less than a week after Dugri Community Organization was formed, residents have already started seeing improvement in the area.A group of 180 residents had recently joined hands to form the organization as a redressal forum to address the lack of civic amenities and mount pressure on the concerned authorities. President of the organization, Dr Ajay Shahi, a dentist, said, ''We had aimed at solving the problems of area residents and have already started our work. The roads have been taken up first because they are in pathetic condition. We will take other issues one by one.''Heaving a sigh of relief, Gurcharan Singh, a senior citizen staying in Dugri said, ''The roads in the area were in dire need of repair and finally something is being done about it. Our problems will be solved only when we stop tolerating the civic authority's lax attitude and constantly mount pressure.'' Executive engineer of bridges and road department of MC M P Singh Kalra said, ''Some road construction works in the city were pending due to the winter and Dugri was one of those areas. People will soon get relief from the bumpy ride.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13188952", "title": "Yeddyurappa did not expect CBI so soon", "text": "BANGALORE: It was certainly not a good morning for former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa - he had to forgo his usual walk to welcome some surprise guests, early on Wednesday morning.Yeddyurappa had just completed glancing at the newspapers and was getting ready for his walk, when CBI sleuths came knocking at his residence on Race Course Road. Sources said Yeddyurappa was shocked to see the team of officers brandishing search warrants and barging in, as he did not expect them to turn up just a day after filing an FIR.All Yeddyurappa said to the sleuths was that they were free to carry out a search and he would cooperate with them. Soon after entering the residence, they asked family members not to receive or make any phone calls, and reportedly sent staff members out.On hearing the news, the former CM's close aides MD Lakshminarayana and BJ Puttaswamy rushed to the premises and tried to enter the house, but were barred by the search team.Even as a raid was going on at former minister Ess En Krisshnaiah Setty's house in Rajajinagar, his wife, unconcerned about the gravity of the situation, was said to be busy performing puja before the tulsi plant.Reacting to the CBI raids, Yeddyurappa said: \"I have great regard for CBI. I will cooperate with them. I hope the truth will come out. I have confidence that I will come clean. They raided my houses in Shimoga. I told them to take all the documents. It is the most painful and unforgettable day of my life. I have the highest faith in the CBI and judiciary. My sons and I will come out clean.\"Trying to put on a brave front, Yeddyurappa said he still commanded the support of more than 70 MLAs. \"This is another face of conspiracy against me. Even linking an actor to my family members is to tarnish my image,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13192614", "title": "Small drains along major roads ignored", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Metro Rail Limited is busy cleaning the Thevara -Perandoor (TP) canal and the work is proceeding in a planned manner. While this would provide an opportunity for Kochi Corporation to focus on cleaning up of other canals and drains as part of pre-monsoon preparations, it has not happened.Though orders have been issued to take up dredging and desiliting of major canals and small drains, corporation councillors maintain that it will not be possible for the local body to complete these works before monsoon. \"The order to begin the second phase of work was delayed. The cleaning process is limited to certain areas or divisions of councillors who exert pressure on the corporation,\" said Kunnumpuram councillor M P Maheshkumar.Corporation is yet to clean small drains in prime areas like M G Road, Shanmugham Road and Banerji Road. Opposition leader K J Jacob said that this would result in the flooding of Broadway and Ernakulam market. It is pointed out that apart from TP canal, 20 other major canals including Edappally, Karanakodam, Pandarachal, Pashnithodu, Pallichal and Changadampokku pass through the city. The clean-up drive will become effective only if railways cleans 32 culverts along the track.Meanwhile, the civic body maintained that it has begun works on all major canals except the Edappally canal. Even though NABARD had agreed to carry out the Edappally canal work, so far no action has been taken. Corporation has decided to approach the state government to take forward the works of this particular canal.Works standing committee chairperson Soumini Jain said that drain cleaning is nearing completion in most divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13178977", "title": "Huge rally against Posco at Gobindpur", "text": "Kendrapada: A large number of anti-land acquisition activists, including women , took out a rally in Jagatsinghpur's Gobindpur village on Wednesday to protest against the meeting of chief minister Naveen Patnaik with Posco-India CMD Yong Won Yoon for establishment of the steel plant.President of Posco Pratirodhaka Sangram Samiti (PPSS) Abhaya Sahoo said they would not allow the government to acquire agricultural land for Posco in Dhinkia, Nuagaon and Gadakujang gram panchayats. \"I will not allow the government to forcibly acquire farmland to set up steel plant till my last breath,\" Sahoo said at the rally in Gobindapur.\"I salute the people of inkia, Gobindapur, Patana, Nuagaon and other villagers for putting up a stiff resistance against the government. The chief minister does not understand that land is the mother of farmers. He only understands money though he claims to be a pro-people leader,\" Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13178994", "title": "Maoists nail labourer to a bridge in Balaghat", "text": "BHOPAL: A labourer working at a road construction site, about 430 km from Bhopal , was nailed to a bridge allegedly by Maoists in Balaghat district of Madhya Pradesh Tuesday night.The project was part of the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY). Sunil Bawre (26) was sleeping in his shack when a group of armed Maoists stormed the labourers' colony at Kundekata village near the construction site. They threatened labourers of dire consequences if they built the road and the bridge.Before leaving Maoist cadres forced Bawre to the 7,000 m bridge under construction and nailed him. On the bridge, the Maoists allegedly stuffed a piece of bamboo into Bawre's mouth before nailing him.Bawre was bleeding profusely when he was rescued by the contractor seven hours later, early Wednesday. He was rushed to a primary health centre where he is undergoing treatment.PMGSY officials said Maoists threatened labourers working on the project several times before. Maoist cadres allegedly distributed pamphlets and warned labourers when the construction began in 2010. After Tuesday night's incident, the construction work came to a halt.Balaghat, adjoining Chhattisgarh, is one of the eight Maoist-hit districts of Madhya Pradesh. Several incidents of violence were reported in the last two months, including Maoists allegedly blowing up bridges and roads under construction.Bawre was part of the work force building the 17 km road from Adoori to Korka in remote area of Balaghat, 90 km from the district headquarters. The road is being constructed for the past two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13203642", "title": "Tusshar Kapoor's flop show on twitter", "text": "Tusshar Kapoor might have followed a strict diet to get that toned look for his upcoming film Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum and pose like John Abraham , but the whole whole process seems to have backfired the actor.Tusshar, who posed like John Abraham, Dostana style, seems to have become the butt of all jokes now. Tweeples have been slamming the actor and drawing comparisons with John on twitter. Sample this.Jitesh Jain ? @jiteshujain: Tusshar Kapoor........a.k.a. garibo ka John AbrahamAvinash Mhatre ? @avimhatre07: Tusshar Kapoor is an example of Silicon implants went wrong. Ye banda jo bhi karata hai galat ho jata hai. :pComedian Praveen ? @Funny_Leone: Why is everybody making fun of Tusshar Kapoor?.. just leave her alone..vinodh ? @vinodhkrishNews: Tusshar kapoor to do a spoof of singham..wait a sec..tusshar exists? i thought he was a spoof on jitendra...#ohsillymeRake$\u00a3 Jhunjhunwala ? @jhunjhunwala Inspired BY Aamir Khan other actors also want to do social service.Tusshar kapoor can do social service by quitting acting .Vikram Aditya ? @VikramAditya_1#3: WordsForYou Tusshar Kapoor 1. lol 2. lol and 3. lol #EverythingIsPossiblevedank singh ? @vedanksingh: Tusshar Kapoor - 'mycareer' (Error: Password too short) #CelebrityTwitterPasswordsBorn To Troll ? @Trolled_Kid: One more tweet about Tusshar Kapoor and I lose hope in humanity! :PBaani Grewal ? @Sir_Daar: Of all the weird-ass conversations I've ever heard, discussion about Tusshar Kapoor &amp; his \"boobs\" has been the top runner!Frootifer Vajpayee ? @Oinkoo: Tusshar Kapoor 's butt? It still exists after so many people kicked it?!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194630", "title": "Wakf Board needs judicial power: Panel", "text": "HYDERABAD: A panel of politicians and activists demanded that the AP State Wakf Board be turned into a commissionerate with judicial powers and an IAS officer be appointed to head the body much like the state endowments department.Speaking at a press conference on the protection of wakf properties and minorities welfare programme, former Rajya Sabha member Syed Azeez Pasha said, \"The Wakf Board is weak and should be turned into a commissionerate so that it has judicial powers to protect its properties. Now, even if the wakf tribunal takes a decision it still has to be referred to the revenue divisional officer. The Central Law Council has made an amendment which states that a sentence of two to three years imprisonment will be awarded to anybody who attempts to grab wakf land.\"It was also recommended that those who have once indulged in grabbing wakf land should no longer be eligible to become its member. The panel also demanded that wakf land be exempted from Rent Control Act and compensation for wakf land be based on prevailing market value.Speakers noted that there are 1,013 cases pertaining to wakf lands pending in various courts in the state of which 275 are in the high court and 90 in the Supreme Court.Activists alleged that the mapping and gazette notification was not done after the completion of the second wakf survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13187431", "title": "Revenue officials threatened by NCP man's 'aides'", "text": "NASHIK: A four-member team of revenue officials was allegedly threatened by sand transporters claiming to be aides of externed NCP worker Suhas Kande at Madsangvi toll naka on Wednesday morning, according to a non-cognizable complaint filed by the Adgaon police.In a move to curb the illegal transport of sand, murum and rubble into the district and through the district to other places, revenue officials have started keeping a round-the-clock vigil at every check point in the district. It was during one such exercise when some persons picked a quarrel with the revenue department team at Madsangvi.The team had stopped a truck carrying sand and was inspecting papers when some people arrived in an SUV. \"They claimed to be supporters of (externed NCP worker) Suhas Kande and that he (Kande) had spoken to officials for the release of the vehicle,\" said tehsildar of Nashik, Suchita Bhamre. She added that the men asked the officials to release the vehicles but when they refused to, the men had a verbal altercation with the officials, pulled away the papers and drove away.The Adgaon police registered the incident as a non-cognizable offence against unidentified persons, saying that the case would be upgraded once the vehicles were traced. However, senior revenue officials were skeptical about the police help. On Monday night, when the officials wanted to register a case against some offenders in Dindori police station, the 30-minute job was completed in three hours by the police, that too after the intervention of senior revenue officials. \"It is difficult to rely on the police in such cases,\" the official said.The district administration has so far taken action against 100 truck drivers for illegal transportation of sand, murum and rubble. The integrated approach, designed by additional collector RV Game, involves the RTO, which has been asked to take action against offenders.Since the drive against the sand mafia was launched four days ago, the administration has collected penalties to the tune of Rs 17 lakh from 129 cases. The administration has so far not been able to detect second-time offenders in the business against whom criminal cases can be filed. \"We are creating the database and trying to verify if there are habitual offenders. In the matter of three to four days we will be able to identify some,\" Game said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13189251", "title": "The smoke chokes: Taleigao locals suffocate", "text": "PANAJI: Four fire tenders dousing the fire at the dumping site on Taleigao plateau succeeded in extinguishing it, but failed to check the smoke from billowing away from the site for long, sources said.The woes of the residents in the nearby apartments continued on Wednesday.The residents assembled at the site in the morning and called the fire services to control the fire. \"We used two tenders twice and managed to douse the fire,\" a fire official said.But the embers deep inside reignited and the smoke started troubling the residents again by evening. \"The abandoned quarry was in use for a long time and the gas formation below the surface only keeps fuelling the smoke and the fire,\" the official said.The residents had gathered at the site to inspect it after a meeting on Tuesday evening.\"We have been suffocating due to the clouds of smoke in the area,\" a resident said. Sources said, at least three to four truckloads of waste is being dumped at the site daily.The garbage from the village is also dumped at the site. The villagers tried to contact the local MLA, Jennifer Monserrate, but she was out of town, sources said.The fire officials have suggested that an excavator could be used to turn over the garbage and ensure it is soaked properly to extinguish the fire. Alternatively, the site can be covered with mud to seal off the rising fumes from the underground pit, the fire official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11030035", "title": "Bipasha Basu lived on oranges for Dhoom 2", "text": "Before filming her bikini scene, Bipasha Basu lived on oranges for three days prior to her shoot.Bipasha Basu escalated her position as not only a leading lady, but one who can dare to bare in Dhoom 2. Her bikini scene in the film was the topic of discussion at many a dinner table.Even though Bipasha is a fitness freak, getting a perfectly toned body for the character that she played in Dhoom 2 was not a very easy task. Did you know that before filming her bikini scene, Bipasha Basu lived on oranges for the three days before shooting it? And she also used to work out thrice a day as she was going paranoid asking, 'am I fat?' And all this was because Bipasha did not want to look very oomphy in the shot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13177727", "title": "Govt mustn\u2019t buy land for private parties: House", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary panel has recommended that government keep away from land purchase for private parties, contrary to the provision made in the pending land acquisition bill, striking at the heart of the Centre's plan to facilitate acquisition for industry and townships with better compensation.The standing committee's blanket bar on acquisition for private bodies, including Public Private Partnership for projects defined as public purpose, strikes down the clause which explicitly allowed the state to step in to help the private sector. The bill tabled in Parliament in September provides for private parties to seek government help to buy a part of land marked for acquisition.The bid to leave the private sector to fend for itself at a time when landowners are up in arms against the sale of land to corporates sharply conflicts with the rural development ministry's vision of using the amendment to the 1894 bill to facilitate land acquisition. RD minister Jairam Ramesh had said there was need for land for industrialization and urbanization and the bill provided for a fair compensation.Having made it its war cry for UP polls following the Bhatta Parsaul agitation, the panel's report would test the government resolve to stay in the picture to help private parties who argue that bar on government role in acquisition for them would halt industrial growth.Observers said Centre's predicament is that while it could face political opposition from BJP if it dilutes the provision for private parties, it may end up facing a hostile civil society too.Besides ban on acquisitions for private sector, the panel has asked the Centre to tightly define 'public purpose' - a provision which justifies state's power to take over land forcibly. It has opposed vast discretion to the executive by allowing acquisition for PPP projects for 'production of public goods' or 'provision of public services'.Interestingly, the panel said all 16 central laws which talk of land acquisition should be aligned with the LA amendment bill. It said exemption to the 16 Acts, as the proposed bill provides for, would leave out 95% of land acquisition. These central acts include those of railways, SEZ etc.The panel report wants the tough conditions for acquisition of multi-cropped land to include 'all land under agricultural cultivation'. It said that rainfed areas which grow coarse grains, pulses and oilseeds cannot be left out in the bill's concern for food security, listing the drop in their production over last few years.The panel has sought to extend the liberal resettlement and rehabilitation package to all acquisitions, including land purchase by private parties on their own, which are above the ceiling set by states. The central bill spoke of 100 acres in rural areas and 50 acres in urban pockets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13186922", "title": "Kerala Mullaperiyar Cell to prepare rejoinder to EC report", "text": "THRISSUR: The Kerala Mullaperiyar Cell is gearing up to file a detailed rejoinder to the report of the Empowered Committee (EC) submitted to the Supreme Court recently.The chairman of the cell, M K Parameswaran Nair, told TOI here he would hold discussions with the state's legal team in New Delhi on May 19 and 20 to prepare the draft of the rejoinder.The draft would then be submitted to the chief minister to get cabinet approval, and would then be filed at the Supreme Court after incorporating the government suggestions.He said the cell felt that the Empowered Committee had dismissed the experts' views submitted by Kerala without even citing reasons.Kerala had submitted reports prepared by experts from IITs in New Delhi and Roorkee on the impact of the seismic activities in the region on the dam and on the possible flood. Kerala had also requested the panel to examine the IIT experts who had prepared the report as witnesses.But the Empowered Committee rejected the request after Tamil Nadu had complained that it was part of a delaying tactics by Kerala. \"What was the delay the examination of those two witnesses would have caused in the activities of a committee that had taken nearly two years to submit its report,\" Nair wondered.He said the non-destructive test reports that the Empowered Committee relied on to arrive at the conclusion that the dam is safe were highly inadequate.Non-destructive tests conducted at a few locations are insufficient to assess the strength of a massive dam like Mullaperiyar, which has a composite structure, Nair said. Such tests may be useful for small structures like a beam or for installations with homogenous structure. Such tests must be carried out at thousands of spots if they are to generate some credible input on the strength of a dam like Mullaperiyar, he added.He said Kerala should vehemently oppose the Empowered Committee's proposal to build new tunnels at the dam. \"This did not form part of the original mandate of the panel. I don't know how they came up with such a proposal. Construction of the tunnel would mean destruction of such tunnels at 50-metre depth, which would mean decimation of the entire tourism potential of Kerala in areas like Thekkady as there would be no water for activities like boating there.The proposal may also mean a lot of trouble for Tamil Nadu. That state would soon realize that it would not be able to operate the Periyar power station if water level is lowered like this,\" Nair said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13179085", "title": "TYBMS paper leak probe leads nowhere", "text": "MUMBAI: The committee inquiring into the TYBMS paper leak has gone into various spin cycles with little clue about the source of the question paper leak. The panel is now probing an anonymous letter it recently received. The letter lists names of nine teachers, one or some of whom may be behind the International Finance paper leak that happened on the midnight of April 24.It will soon be a month since the paper leaked but the committee is groping in the dark with no conclusive evidence yet. On April 25, once the university conceded that the paper had indeed leaked, it directed colleges to not open the question paper bundles. But seals of packets from 10 colleges came broken; it was a hint that the committee immediately picked up.\"We felt that the paper had probably leaked from one of these colleges. So, to date, we have visited about seven of these 10 campuses, only to receive a stock response from each of them: The communication from the university to not open the paper packets came very late in the day,\" said a source. The direction of the probe has now changed. \"We are inquiring into a possible link between the paper setters and some faculty members in top colleges,\" said a member of the probe panel.The letter (a copy which is with this paper) mentions that teachers in several self-financing courses who have been examiners and paper setters were indulging in \"malpractices\". These teachers, the letter added, draw students to their privately-run coaching classes and generously award marks in internal exams to students who sign up for the same.Teachers, either full-time or visiting faculty, at various south Mumbai colleges have been named in the letter that the panel is now looking into. Most of these teachers also claim to be paper-setters. \"The university must make sure that visiting lecturers should not be given the power to set university question papers and moderate answer books, as colleges are unable to monitor and control their unethical practices due to coordinator and faculty nexus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "13184215", "title": "The art of living, loving and leaving", "text": "DINDIGUL: Nestled in the lush green backdrop of the Sirumalai foothills, a home offers hope for destitute people, especially those in their last stages of life. \"Death is very common in our home with three to four people expiring every week. We help them spend their final days in peace, for they have spent the worst of their days on the streets, fearing they may die there,\" was how Thomas Rathappillil, founder and director of St Joseph's Hospice for Dying Destitutes, introduces the service he has been doing since 2006.Thomas, who was a Roman Catholic priest with Leeds Diocese in UK, started the home along with Myrtle Watkins, after he returned to India and started working as a volunteer with Arvind Eye Hospitals, Madurai. \"In 2006, after completing our work in the hospital, we came out for lunch at a restaurant and found a man with a decomposed hand fighting with stray dogs and cows in a waste box for some food. We wanted to do something for people like him. Hence we started the hospice for dying destitutes,\" Thomas said.Till date, 1,179 destitute people picked up from the streets have died in peace while more than 4,200 have walked out of the home, healed. After a patient is taken, he or she is washed, clad with good clothes and treated for their wounds and given food and medication. Above all, they have a home to spend their last days in peace. When an inmate dies, he or she is bundled in a white sheet, placed with flowers and with all the staff and priests present, is given a short prayer ceremony suited to all religions before being placed for final rest at a special graveyard in the hospice premises.Inmates who respond to the treatment and are healed, are allowed to go wherever they wish after the hospice checks the credentials of their relatives and the place the inmates want to go to. Those who prefer to stay are provided accommodation and are asked to help with small services such as gardening, cleaning or whatever they can. The hospice authorities said it was to keep them occupied. Many inmates are of great help in running the house. There are 325 inmates in the hospice at present.Prabasha Nath from West Bengal is one among the inmates who was picked up from the railway station after she was abandoned at an elderly age. During the visit, she interacts with Thomas in non-stop chatter in Bengali. \"She has been of great help in domestic works but I don't know a word in Bengali. However, I do understand the genuine love and gratitude in her voice,\" Thomas says on a lighter note.The hospice runs on public charity. Earlier, Thomas used to seek help from his friends in England who formed an association to help him. But the funds started dwindling after the financial crisis in Europe set in. Now, Thomas goes around churches in India asking for donations from people. \"With another unit to accommodate 500 inmates coming up in Kancheepuram district, we need a lot of financial help. Anyone interested can contribute to our work,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181674", "title": "Liberty Cinema to become Mumbai's culture hub", "text": "MUMBAI: Liberty Cinema is arguably one of Mumbai's most sumptuous art deco theatres. But ever since 2005 when multiplexes began opening, it has had few takers. As with all single screen cinemas, competition from multiplexes and home video has taken a toll on business.In an attempt to make the theatre sustainable, owner Nazir Hoosein, 72, is expanding Liberty's offerings to include art forms such as alternative cinema and performances. While screenings of Hindi movies will continue, the theatre will host festivals of foreign films and perhaps even drama and music concerts. The first such event is a festival of French cinema organized by the Alliance Francaise from June 22-24. \"The idea is that the property survives,\" Hoosein says. \"The idea is not to make me a multi-millionaire. That would happen if I sold it.\"Liberty has also been crippled, Hoosein says, by the entertainment tax-theatres have to pay 45%-and the Rent Act. One wing of Liberty has offices but because the building falls within the purview of the Rent Act, Hoosein says he can only charge his tenants Re 1 per sq ft.Liberty opened on March 21, 1949, with Mehboob Khan's Andaz, starring Raj Kapoor , Nargis and Dilip Kumar. It was built by Hoosein's father, Habib Hoosein, and designed by British architect M A Riddley Abbott. When Abbott died a year after construction began in 1947, Indian architects John Fernandes and Waman Namjoshi took over. They used wood panelling of Canadian cedar and Burma teak and art deco motifs such as ziggurat door handles, a mirror with cascading border and fountains with recessed lights.Hoosein says his father ran 45 small cinemas that catered to army men stationed between Mumbai, Nashik and Pune during World War II. After the war, Habib Hoosein built a single theatre. \"By then, Hindi cinema was beginning to cry out for a flag-bearer,\" says Hoosein, who was nine when Andaz premiered. \"Eros, Regal and Strand were English theatres. There was a need and we catered to that.\"Hoosein got involved in the theatre after his father died in 1971. He had a career in motor sports-he founded the Himalayan Rally and has been a steward for Formula One . Hoosein fought a legal battle to retrieve the theatre from a group of investors that had been running it. By early 1990s when he took control, Liberty \"was like a porn house. It got the lousiest films and wasn't well maintained\".Liberty's fortunes were turned around by Sooraj Barjatya's Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, which ran houseful for 44 weeks. The film played there for a total 125 weeks.Theatre director Vikram Kapadia, who was consulted about the hall's suitability for performances, says Hoosein's agenda \"is fantastic for the arts. When I revisited it, the splendour of cinema came back to me\".Iconic theatreLiberty opened in 1949 with Mehboob Khan's Andaz starring Dilip Kumar , Nargis and Raj Kapoor. V Shantaram's Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baje (1955) and Mehboob Khan's Mother India (1957) are among the films that had successful runs at Liberty. In 1994, Sooraj Barjatya's Hum Aapke Hain Kaun ran to packed houses for 44 straight weeks. The film played at the theatre for a total of 125 weeks. Hoosein says that Barjatya wanted to premiere the film at Liberty on the condition that a new sound system be installed. \"I said to him 'That will cost me Rs 10 lakh,'\" Hoosein says. \"'What happens if your picture bombs?' Barjatya said 'If our picture bombs, we will pay you Rs 10 lakh and take the system away.'\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13191946", "title": "Make Mysore organic city: NGO", "text": "MYSORE: Southern Action on Genetic Engineering (Sage), an NGO fighting against genetically-modified foods, has requested Mysore City Corporation to declare Mysore as 'genetically engineered food and farming-free city'.Sage convener P V Satheesh on Wednesday said that just like the Heritage City sobriquet, Mysore must also be popularized as Organic City to promote tourism. \"Mysore is famous for iconic vegetables and flowers like Mysore Mallige (jasmine), Eerangere Mogarubadanakayi (brinjal), Sone Avarekayi (field beans), and Veelyadele (betel leaf). Keeping all such crops in view, Mysore must be tagged as Organic City, making it free from genetically-engineered food and farming,\" he said, adding: \"To get Organic City status, 350 villages in Mysore have to be made organic villages. In order to protect Mysore's organic integrity, the city must prohibit genetically-manipulated foods.\"Saying that consumption of genetically-engineered foods affects health, Satheesh sought to ban the same. He claimed mayor M C Rajeshwari has promised action in this regard. She would also convene a meeting to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181354", "title": "Anuj Tikku knocks on housing society's door for flat deed copy", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Anuj Tikku, whose father Arunkumar was murdered in his first-floor flat on April 7, allegedly over his property, has approached his housing society in Andheri for seeking a copy of the flat's sale deed. After the murder, Anuj had returned home to find the property papers missing and lodged a complaint fearing that the assets could be transferred in an illegal fashion.Police believe Vijay Palande, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh engineered the murder to usurp the senior citizen's property worth Rs 50 crore across Mumbai and Delhi. Each 3BHK-4BHK flat in Samarth Aangan, where Anuj resides, is worth around Rs 3.5-4 crore. Anuj has also been provided a full-time police bodyguard after he perceived a threat to his safety.The office bearers of Samarth Aangan Society in Oshiwara heard from Anuj on Sunday.\"On Sunday, Anuj requested the managing committee to provide him with a photocopy of the original sale deed that is in his father's name. He believes it has either been misplaced or may have stowed away somewhere by his father,\" said a resident.\"I do not think giving him a copy should pose a problem,'' said Kunickaa Sadanand Lall, vice chairman. \"It is the owner who always retains the original sale deed while the society keeps a copy. for allotting share certificates.If one wants the original, one must approach the registrar of housing societies to prepare one.\" Another member said the copy would not help Anuj face a legal battle and , it will merely serve as a personal record.It was in Tikku's first-floor flat in this housing society that the threesome of Vijay Palande, Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajakosh allegedly killed his father Arunkumar on the night of April 7. Police believe that Palande engineered the murder to usurp the senior citizen's property worth Rs 50 crore across Mumbai and Delhi. After the murder, Anuj had returned home to find the property papers missing and lodged a complaint fearing that the assets could be transferred in an illegal fashion. Each 3BHK-4BHK apartment in Samarth Aangan is worth around Rs 3.5-4 crore.The changing face of the story is reflected in each of their online profiles as well.Anuj, who was offline since the murder, resumed writing on the wall of his social networking page by uploading a picture on Tuesday. Messages of concern that kept pouring in during his absence were deleted.By contrast, Samarth Aangan's Society's website has been rendered inactive. The portal contained information about its office bearers and listed the facilities available to members, including a swimming pool and landscaped garden.\"There may be a technical failure, but we have not taken down the site owing to any so-called negative publicity,\" said Lall. \"In fact, we handled the matter most professionally and offered leads to the police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181592", "title": "Surrogate mother dies of complications", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Premila Vaghela, 30, had opted to become a surrogate mother and deliver child of a US-based couple to supplement her family income and brighten the future of her own two kids.On Wednesday, Premila, who was eight months pregnant, died due to unexplained complications. But she completed her job - the child was delivered and is in the NICU recuperating from early birth.Surrogacy has picked up majorly all over Gujarat where Anand is considered the global surrogacy capital. Ahmedabad too caters to a big number of couples who medically need a womb to carry their child. Couples are known to pay anywhere between Rs 2.5 lakh and Rs 4 lakh to women who offer their wombs on rent to conceive and deliver the child. The decent money offered by couples, majority of who are NRGs and foreigners, attracts many women from poor socio-economic backgrounds to offer themselves as surrogates.Premila paid the price of offering herself as surrogate with her life. Dr Manish Banker of Pulse Hospital, where Premila was a surrogate, said that they are clueless as to why Premila developed a fatal health incident. Dr Banker specializes in offering In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) services.\"Premila had come for routine check-up and was sitting in the hospital. While she was chatting with her husband Karsan, she suddenly had a convulsion and fell on the floor. We immediately took her for treatment. Since she was showing signs of distress, we conducted an emergency caesarean section delivery,\" said Dr Banker. The child, who was born a month premature, was admitted in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU). Dr Banker said that the child should be stable soon.Meanwhile, Premila developed severe complications and she was shifted to Sterling Hospital for better intensive care. \"We shifted her to Sterling Hospital for intensive care but she failed to respond and died,\" said Dr Banker.Sterling Hospital officials said that Premila was brought to the hospital in an extremely critical condition. \"She was suffering a major cardiac arrest. We tried to resuscitate her but she succumbed,\" said a senior official.Dr Banker said that they had notified the death to the police and details of post-mortem report were awaited to know the exact cause of death. Vastrapur police said a case of accidental death had been filed. and further inquiry would be conducted on basis of the post-mortem report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13189539", "title": "Technothlon prelims to begin in July", "text": "GUWAHATI: The preliminary rounds of Technothlon, an initiative by the Indian Institute of Technology , Guwahati for the propagation of logical and analytical reasoning amongst students, is all set to begin in July.The test will see school students from all over the country participate in it. The IIT-G students have already begun their initiative of propagating logical and analytical thinking amongst students by visiting various educational institutes across the country during their vacations. The 260 student representatives work at their respective home towns during their vacation.The preliminary rounds will have students of class nine and ten participate in the junior squad category and students of class 11 and 12 participate in the hauts squad category. The preliminary rounds will consist of aptitude tests to be held in 150 centres across the country. With a nominal registration fee, schools registering can pay the amount via demand draft at Guwahati, which can be then handed over to the city representative of Technothlon.\"Technothlon starts off with the preliminary rounds and based on that, the top 50 modules, which will consist of both the junior and the hauts categories, will be short listed and invited to participate in the Technothlon mains, to be conducted at IIT-G. Each team should consist of two members from the same school and squad. The preliminaries and the main event will be conducted for a team and individual entries are not allowed,\" said Sankalp Borthakur, student of IIT-G.Technothlon is part of the institute's annual technical and management festival 'Techniche'. It first began as a state-level science exhibition in 2004 and since then it has expanded and grown. In 2011, 1.68 lakh students sat for the preliminary rounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194045", "title": "No urgency in taking up case against Eenadu: HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: The vacation bench of the high court on Wednesday adjourned to June a public interest writ petition seeking a direction to the government not to release any advertisements to Ushodaya Enterprises, publishers of Eenadu newspaper. The petition filed by Boorla Ramaswamy , a retired professor, and another person contends that that the release of advertisements to the media house was contrary to a government order which had placed a ban on funds to media that are 'anti-national , communal abusive and with admitted stances.'The Eenadu group has a declared policy of being against a political party (the Congress) and therefore in view of the admitted stance, it stood disqualified from receiving advertisements from the government, the petitioners charged. The bench observed that there was no urgency to take up a case of this kind in the vacation court. Sunil Reddy's plea adjourned: A division bench of the high court adjourned to next week the writ appeal filed by former SEZ consultant Sunil Reddy against the order of a single judge quashing the order of pardon granted in his favour by the criminal court. The sessions court had granted pardon to the consultant who is said to be caught in the crossfire between two warring senior IPS officers, Umesh Kumar and DGP Dinesh Reddy.The order was challenged successfully by senior IPS Officer Umesh Kumar before a single judge. The matter is now likely to be listed on May 23 before a bench of Justice B Seshasayana Reddy and Justice B Chandra Kumar. Relief for real estate company: Justice B Chandra Kumar of the high court on Wednesday permitted a real estate company Akshaya Gold to operate its accounts but made clear that all cheques issued by it would go through the supervision of the SP of Praksam district. Vijay Sai counsel seeks time: The petition filed by CBI seeking cancellation of bail granted by the special court in favour of Vijay Sai Reddy will now be taken up next Wednesday. Justice B Chandra Kumar of the high court adjourned to next week the CBI petition seeking cancellation of bail granted to the accused in the Jagan assets case. The adjournment was after counsel for Vijay Sai Reddy sought time till the next week for his response to the application.In a separate development , the judge adjourned to Thursday the three petitions filed challenging the order of the special court which had refused to re-activate the bank accounts of the three companies of YS Jaganmohan Reddy that were frozen by the CBI. The companies - Jagati, Janani and Indira moved the HC challenging the order as illegal and contrary to the provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178372", "title": "Ray of hope flickers as 3 Air India pilots resume duty", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Air India management has asked the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to get 10 'sick' pilots examined by Indian Air Force doctors. The move came as the strike, which entered its tenth day on Wednesday, showed first signs of weakening with the management claiming that three of 'sick' pilots - who had not been sacked - reported back to work.However, the striking Indian Pilots' Guild (IPG) said their agitation was on as the government was not engaging in a dialogue with them. \"We have sent letters to and called up aviation ministry officials but have not got a reply for a meeting. Our 440 members are on strike,\" said an office bearer of the derecognized IPG.A senior AI official said: \"We have referred the case of 10 sick pilots to DGCA with a request of getting them examined by IAF doctors. If it is found they were feigning illness, both the DGCA and the airline can act against them. Also if a pilot remains sick for 15 days at a stretch, then he or she needs a health certificate from IAF medicos. So the striking 352-odd pilots will have to take the IAF way if the strike continues for five more days and then they decide to call it off.\"Meanwhile, the pressure is growing on the striking pilots from within the airline. AI management had on March 22, 2012, given a timeline for clearing nearly five months of unpaid salaries and allowances over coming months. A portion of the salaries was to be paid by mid-May. But the letter clearly added: \"They (employees) are advised that at this critical time it is not advisable to take any steps which will adversely impact the market standing of the company... it is reiterated that this payment plan can be adhered to only if there is absolutely no interruption/disruption to operations.\"Now with 400-odd pilots on strike for 10 days, a senior official said that AI has been unable to meet its commitment for payment in mid-May. \"Revenues have been hit hard and losses have mounted. Now we will try to pay salaries by the end of this month and at that time we will decide whether the striking pilots should be paid with the others of not,\" the official said.The airline, which has so far not given in to the IPG demand due to a firm stand by the government so far, is aiming to operate a skeletal operation like Kingfisher till things look up. However, this may change if the 120-odd executive pilots of erstwhile AI also join the IPG stir. In that case, the airline would simply shut its long haul flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13190653", "title": "Grain Market to have number plate office", "text": "LUDHIANA: The proposed office of high security registration plates (HSRP) seems to be taking shape at last. Apart from minor technical glitches and few hurdles, the venue and the rates for these much-awaited number plates have been finalized. The office will come up in Grain Market.District transport officer (DTO) Manpreet Singh Chhatwal explained why Grain Market, Jalandhar bypass, has been chosen as the venue and not the earlier proposed Gill Road. ''We were apprehensive about the previous venue as there is a railway crossing. Establishing the office would have meant major blockade, whereas the market area has a lot of open space where applicants can park their vehicles,'' said Manpreet.Market committee secretary, Sukhminder Singh did not seem too amused with the decision of giving away the premises of the market office for the establishment of HSRP office. ''We got orders from the DC office and a letter from the DTO. We are ready to cooperate as the initiative is in public interest,'' he said.According to Manpreet the process has been hindered due to a problem in the software and installation of the HSRP is likely to begin next week. ''Even though we have decided on the venue, there is an underlying issue of the software for which I have asked a senior official in Patiala to resolve the issue. I am disappointed with the lacklustre approach of the contractors as it's their responsibility now,'' he revealed.Bagail Singh, supervisor of the company, which has taken the contract to fix the number plates said, ''Our company had bought the software from a Delhi-based software company and there was some issue with the National Informatics Centre (NIC) that provides software support to state governments.''However, the DTO seemed optimistic about the start of the HSRP and said, ''We have come this far and apart from a minor technical problem, I don't see anything else obstructing the start of number plates installation. We are hopeful of starting it by next week,'' said Manpreet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13178071", "title": "Anna Hazare's convoy attacked in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the vehicles in Anna Hazare's convoy was attacked by a group unidentified people at Chitnis Park. The vehicle was carrying books published by Anna's NGO that were to be sold at the venue. None of the four people inside the vehicle were hurt but the four wheeler's window panes were shattered. The city police have detained seven persons and are investigating further. Anna too visited the police station and inquired about progress in investigation.Datta Awari, who works with Anna at Ralegan Siddhi, said \"We had copies of seven books that are printed by our NGO. They are on Lokpal, RTI, Lokayukta etc. As we were entering Chitnis Park through the back gate, the police stopped us. Suddenly a group claiming to be from Youth Congress approached us and opened the back door. The books kept in the vehicle tumbled out and one of the men started shouting that the books were defiling leaders of their party.\"However Vijay Wanve, general secretary of Youth Congress (Nagpur) said this attack had no official backing. \"We would have done it in a much bigger way if we wanted to. This attack was carried out by the general public which also included some of our workers whose feelings had been hurt due to the obscene literature Anna's people were carrying in the vehicle,\" said Wanve.Awari and his colleagues alleged that the police did not help them and instead questioned if they had permission for selling books. Sanjay Darade, DCP, Nagpur police, said, \"We are looking into the matter and trying to find out what caused the ruckus. We will see what they (Anna's volunteers) have to say and will let the media know if some development happens.\"While Darade continued giving evasive answers, one of the policemen confirmed that the group of about 50 were carrying books having Rahul Gandhi's photo on it. The mob alleged that this book contained defamatory statements about Gandhi and was being distributed by Anna's volunteers.Suresh Pathare, Anna's PA, said, \"Their allegations are false. Even at Bhandara some miscreants tried to spread similar rumours. It seems someone is out to malign us. Our bookstall is open for scrutiny anytime and we sold books in almost every city on this tour but never had a problem.\"Awari said these books had been delivered today in two separate consignments to Nagpur. \"One set came through courier in a ST bus and another through a private bus from Ralegan Siddhi and Pune respectively,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181367", "title": "Bitter pill for 31 pharmacy colleges in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here is some more bitter pill for state's pharmacy colleges. The Joint Admission Committee for Professional Courses (JACPC) has decided not to allow admissions in 31 out of the 87 self-financed pharmacy colleges as they have still not taken accreditation from the Pharmacy Council of India (PCI).As many as 4,000 seats had remained vacant in pharmacy colleges across the state last year.Gujarat has 87 SFI pharmacy colleges but only 56 of them with 3,461 seats are registered with PCI. There are some colleges where the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has approved 120 seats but PCI has allowed only 60. There are nine colleges which have no PCI approval at all.Last year, Gujarat high court had pulled up the authorities after many students who had passed out from the colleges not approved by PCI were left in the lurch.The admission committee had asked such colleges on December 31, 2011 to get PCI approval, warning that in case they failed admissions would not be allowed. These colleges have still not got the approval.Member-secretary of the committee, M N Patel, said: \"We will not allow admissions in 31 self-financed pharmacy colleges which have not sought PCI accreditation. We had sent letters to all these colleges with warning.\"Officials said that students who pass out of colleges not having PCI accreditation would not be able to practise as pharmacists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13180883", "title": "Country's biggest resting shelter for elephants coming up in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many would remember the famous 70s movie based on man-animal friendship, 'Haathi Mere Saathi'. Now, real life is all set to imitate reel with the first-of-its kind rehabilitation centre for ageing and sick elephants coming up in Yamunanagar in Haryana. The centre will be operational by end of this year.The centre, spread over 450 acres, is situated alongside Kalesar wildlife sanctuary. Apart from being a home to the 'disabled' jumbos, the centre would also offer medical-cum-resting facilities to them.With this, Haryana would become the fourth state in the country after Orissa, Kerala and Karnataka to have a home for pachyderms.But, the Yamunanagar centre would be the largest in the country for providing medical-cum-resting facility to elephants, where elephants can \"check in\" for some time to rejuvenate and get back to work.In Haryana, the project was planned on around 450 acres of Ba Santaur village in Yamunanagar district and was supposed to be started in 2009. There was a delay of three years because of lack of co-ordination between central and state government agencies.The project was planned by the Centre for the first time in the country in 2006 on the lines of the 'Project Tiger' for the rehabilitation and recapturing of ailing and destitute pachyderms -- both domesticated and in the wild.According to wildlife department officials, there have been numerous cases when elephants have been left to fend for themselves after being rendered incapacitated from circuses and private owners.Haryana chief wildlife warden R K Sapra said nine sheds have been constructed at the centre for elephants and work on solar fencing is on. According to the scheme, Haryana would fix solar power fences and GI wires, construct 10 elephant sheds, excavate ponds for elephants, erect deep tube wells and construct quarters for staff like vet and mahouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13188752", "title": "Portable sonography machines on their way out", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has started removing portable sonography machines from clinics and other centres, as the Central Supervisory Board set up under the Pre-Conception and Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act had banned it recently.The Central Supervisory Board had approved the ban on such portable machines, which could be transported anywhere because of its small size, in January. Now, as the state government has been giving top priority to the issue of female feticide, it has also started taking action against standalone sonography machines (allowed only for indoor purposes).District collector Navin Mahajan said: \"Due to relentless pressure from our side, three sonography centres have voluntarily offered in writing to surrender their portable machines to district administration on Wednesday.\"The Central Advisory Board had approved the proposal to ban the portable sonography machines with an aim to check the misuse of the machines for sex selection.Mahajan said, \"We have given directions to the sub divisional magistrate to seal all portable sonography machines as it is not allowed.\"In the past five days, the district administration has sealed six portable machines and one mobile sonography machine. So far, 10 portable machines have been seized.Besides, in Dausa, where the sex ratio declined by 47 points in the past 10 years, which is the highest among all the districts, the district administration is all set to seize such machines. Dausa collector RS Jhakar said, \"We will take action against such machines which are banned.\"Radiologists and Imaging Association treasurer (Rajasthan chapter) Dr Zafar Mustafa Rafique said: \"Majority of the machines in the state are portable. Now the sonogprahy centres will have to buy bigger machines in place of portable ones.\"There are 1864 registered sonography centres in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13179053", "title": "Markandey Katju urges Zardari to set Sarabjit free", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council chairperson Markandey Katju has renewed his appeal to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari to grant freedom to Sarabjit Singh, who is lodged in a jail there for 22 years.In a letter addressed to Zardari, he said, \"The Indian Supreme Court had recently allowed Chishti to go back to Pakistan. I, therefore, appeal to you in the name of humanity to release Sarabjit Singh and send him back to India.\"Chishti (82), a Pakistani virologist facing life sentence in a murder case, was permitted by the Supreme Court to visit Pakistan for a temporary stay on May 10.Katju has handed over the letter to Amna, Chishti's daughter, so that she can pass it on to Pakistani authorities on reaching Karachi .In his letter, Katju has reminded Zardari of his earlier appeals for Sarabjit's release and also expressed reservations over his conviction in the Lahore blast case of 1990. \"I have read some details of his case, and with due respect to the verdict of the (Pakistani) court, I have reservations about its correctness,\" Katju said.Katju, a former justice of the Supreme Court, said in Sarabjit's case, principal witness Shaukat Salim had retracted his statement and said it was given under police pressure.\"The other evidence was of Sarabjit's alleged confession, but everyone knows how confessions are obtained in our countries (by third degree methods),\" he said.\"At any event, 21 years in death row with a Damocles' sword hanging over one's head is enough to drive anyone mad. Is this punishment (even assuming he was guilty) not enough?\" Katju asked in his letter to the Pakistani President.He said Singh, who is languishing in a Lahore jail for 22 years, may have entered Pakistan for some illegal activity but not for terrorism.\"But the unfortunate atmosphere in both our countries is that we regard each others people like devils. It is high time that this unfounded impression be dispelled in both our countries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh /jammu", "code": "13180378", "title": "CBI nabs estate officer accepting bribe", "text": "CHANDIGARH /JAMMU: A special team of CBI from Jammu arrested an assistant defence estate officer from near the Sukhna Lake while he was accepting a bribe of Rs 50,000 from a Rajouri resident. The accused, Mukesh Khurana, is posted here in the Kendriya Sadan building in Sector 9.He had demanded an illegal gratification of Rs 2.5 lakh from the complainant, advocate Shaukat Ali from Kotedhar, Rajouri, and assured a clerk's job for his brother in defence department office. On Wednesday, the CBI special court granted a transit remand of one-day to produce the accused before the court in Jammu.\"We had received a complaint from Shaukat Ali that Mukesh had demanded a bribe of Rs 2.5 lakh in lieu of a job for his brother Rayaz Ahmed,\" Radhe Shyam, CBI deputy superintendent of police, Jammu, told TOI. In his complain, the complainant had stated that his brother's rank was Number 2 from among ST candidates in the exam of SDO Grade III in Defence Estate Organisation held in Chandigarh in January 2012.The team from Jammu laid a trap on Tuesday evening and produced the accused in the CBI special court here in Sector 17 on Wednesday.\"Mukesh had received the initial installment of the bribe (Rs 50,000) at Sector 9, put the amount in his car. We followed him in an autorickshaw and nabbed him near the Sukhna Lake and recovered the same notes from his car,\" said Shyam.Mukesh, who has 12 years of service, earlier served at various places including Jammu and Kashmir , Leh and Agra.His father appealed the CBI special judge to not transfer the case to Jammu, as some people there were trying to implicate his son in false corruption cases. The judge has directed them to file a separate petition in this regard in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13185066", "title": "Paralysed Kolkata boy fights for justice", "text": "KOLKATA: The parents of a Kolkata boy, who was paralysed in a mysterious fall from a roof in Bangalore, are still fighting for justice one and a half years after the incident.Souvik Chatterjee, who was studying computer engineering in Bangalore, was in coma for over six months. When he regained consciousness, the first thing he told his parents is that he had been thrown from the terrace by his roommates and that his fall was not an accident.His father, Sunil Chatterjee, filed an FIR against the persons named by Souvik but the Bangalore police arrested only one of them.Souvik now lies like a paraplegic. He finds it difficult to remember things and cannot even turn on his side without help. The bright boy who once solved complex mathematical problems cannot use his hands or even speak properly because of the fall.Souvik joined a private technical college in Bangalore in 2010. He shared a rented apartment with Sashank Das and Sudheer. Jitu, a call centre employee and a common friend, stayed with them for some time.According to the FIR, Sashank and Jitu called him to the terrace on December 6, 2010, where there were two other boys known to Souvik. They allegedly beat him with a rod and threw him two stories down. One of the suspects named in the FIR was Ameena Siddique, a classmate of Souvik.\"Initially we were told by his friends that he fell from the balcony. We had no way of verifying it as my son could not speak for more than six months. In the middle of 2011, he started regaining some of his memories and one day he pointed towards the photographs of three friends and reacted strongly. After several weeks he managed to communicate to us that they had thrown him off the terrace,\" said Sunil Chatterjee, a KMC engineer.The family lodged an FIR at Avalahalli police station in Bangalore. Jitu was the only one arrested. \"Police did not bother to nab the other attackers, including the main conspirator who is a local girl and is believed to be from an influential family,\" he said.Sudhakar Reddy of Avalahalli police station said the investigation is on. \"Jitu is still in custody. We will send our officers to the victim to record his statement once again because he was unable to describe the incident earlier. We are also looking for Sashank. After his arrest we can speak on Ameena's role,\" said Reddy.The police had sent two constables in January this year for recording Souvik's statement but after providing all detail about the accused and even the photographs, police allegedly sitting on the complaint, said Sunil. The Chatterjees were informed about their son that same evening.Souvik suffered severe head injuries and was admitted at Manipal Hospital where he had a brain surgery and slipped into a coma soon after. He later identified the accused.\" Sashank Das and Ameena Siddique concocted the plan in December ,2010. His roommates used to drink every night to which he had objected to several times,\" said Kaveri Chatterjee, Souvik's mother who is a cancer patient. Souvik was later taken to Vellore where he was treated for four months before they came back to Kolkata in August 2011.Souvik, who can hardly get up from his bed can hardly speak, looks at the old photographs and only remembers the names who brought him to such condition. He can identify each one by name.\" I know my voice is not very clear. It used to be nice before. I still want to be a computer engineer,\" said Souvik who cannot talk clearly and only walk with the help of a specially designed orthopedic crutches and a walker. He cannot even remember anything told to him for long.\" It is not easy to get his legs inside the crutches and can take up several minutes till they are totally fixed. He cannot even sit for long,\" said Somdatta Chatterjee, Souvik's sister. Sunil, still remembers his brain surgery where his head lay split open for more than a month after which he slipped into coma.\" Doctors say he will get better with time but he will not be like before,\" said Sunil. The Chatterjees kept sending letters to the Bangalore police, Karnataka Human Rights Commission and even National Human Rights Commission asking them to take some action against the accused, but nothing happen. \"My kid's life is destroyed. We just want punishment for the accused,\" said Sunil,who is 57-year-old, will soon be retiring from his job.21-year-old Moulali resident, could walk freely or fidget with his computer at home. A brilliant student in school, he was studying to be a computer engineer but now lies bed-ridden at his Kolkata home. With deformed legs and hands, Souvik depends on his mother for his daily rituals. Often lost, his eyes stare in silence. He knows the culprits who have ruined his life but could barely speak about the horrifying incident. His parents seek justice for their only son but the police authorities too have failed to deliver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179184", "title": "Firing led to mob fury: Lawyer", "text": "PUNE: The lawyers representing Maval farmers on Wednesday grilled Sandeep Karnik, former superintendent of police, Pune rural, during the four-and-a-half-hour-long hearing conducted before the Justice (retd) M G Gaikwad committee appointed by the state to probe the Maval firing case. Karnik's cross-examination had begun on Tuesday.Lawyer Vinayak Abhyankar alleged that the mob fury and violence took place because the police had fired upon Moreshwar Sathe, one of the agitating farmers. Karnik replied that, \"This was not true.\"Karnik denied another allegation by Abhyankar that the police had used additional force and had lathicharged and fired upon the farmers because of political pressure. Karnik also denied Abhyankar's statement that his subordinate officers had acted in an indiscriminate manner during the incident.Abhyankar accused Karnik of coming up with an imaginary incident mentioned in his affidavit that some persons in a blue Indica car had fired upon the agitators. Karnik denied the charge. Karnik admitted that some police personnel had been suspended from duty because they had damaged the cars and other vehicles of the agitators. He, however, denied the allegation that an inspector and a sub-inspector had been suspended because they had indiscriminately opened fire on the agitators.Karnik said that, of the 11 people who were injured in the firing, five had received bullet injuries above their waist. To a question by Abhyankar, Karnik said he had not taken the details about where exactly on the body parts the bullets had hit the three persons who had died in the incident.He said the police would be able to submit the details about the arms and ammunition that was brought to the place where the agitation took place.During the hearing, the committee frequently referred to the video recording by the police about the firing. The incident had taken place on August 9, 2011 during the protests by farmers near Baur on the Pune-Mumbai expressway. The farmers were agitating against the water pipeline project of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. The project entails laying of a 35-km-long pipeline, directly from Pavana dam to the water filtration plant at Nigdi.'Prohibitory orders reached local police on Aug 9'The lawyers representing the Maval farmers on Wednesday produced documents to show that the prohibitory orders (for maintaining law and order) issued by the district collectorate on August 8, 2011, were actually received by the Talegaon Dabhade police in the afternoon on August 9, when the farmers' agitation and the firing took place near Baur on the Pune-Mumbai expressway.Lawyer Vinayak Abhyankar said that the district collectorate had issued prohibitory orders for a period from August 8 to 24. However, as per records, the order from the rural police control was received by the Talegaon Dabhade police station around 12.15 pm on August 9. He said that former superintendent of police, Pune rural, Sandeep Karnik, as the district police chief, had failed to take effective steps for maintaining law and order. Karnik, however, denied the allegation..------------------------------Ends//manish", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181031", "title": "3 arrested for minor's gangrape", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three persons including Faiza Laludia, a resident of Vankaner in Saurashtra along with two others have been arrested by the Vejalpur police in connection with the rape of a minor. Faiza abducted the 12-year-old girl and handed her over to Shabbir Shaikh of Danilimda and Kasim Pathan of Jamalpur. The duo had raped her several times for many days, said police. These men too have been arrested.According to the victim, the two also forced her into prostitution. \"The duo had called others to rape the minor girl and also taken money from them. During interrogation the three have been questioned on whether they are part of a larger prostitution racket or whether they had done this to some other girl too. The cops are now hunting for the 'customers' who had also raped the minor girl,\" said Vejalpur police officials.The 12-year-old girl went missing from her residence in Juhapura on April 17. She returned home on May 11 with tales of harrowing experiences which included gangrape. She bore torture marks all over her body and couldn't stop crying while recalling the abuses she had been put through. She was taken to the VS hospital for treatment. tnnAt the hospital the girl disclosed that she was gangraped after being abducted. After this, a complaint was registered at Vejalpur police station and the girl was admitted to the Sola Civil Hospital for treatment and collection of evidence. Police officials say that the girl was forced into a prostitution racket by Faiza along with Shabbir and Kasim. All three have been booked for abduction and rape of the minor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190452", "title": "Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam demolisher to give lessons in counter-terrorism at M S University", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's students and teachers will get to learn a lesson or two in counter-terrorism and international affairs.Mahinda Balasuriya, a senior Sri Lankan diplomat and one of the key strategists in ending Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam's ( LTTE ) terror reign in Sri Lanka, has offered to give his voluntary services to MSU where he studied 36 years ago.Balasuriya, who currently serves as Sri Lanka's ambassador to Brazil, had completed his BSc from the varsity in 1976. Now, he is returning to his alma mater as a senior visiting fellow in the political science department.\"Last month, he wrote a mail expressing his desire to give back to his alma mater through voluntary services. We want his visit to coincide with 'Reunion 13' - the first international alumni meet in January 2013,\" MSU vice-chancellor Yogesh Singh said.This is for the first time that a serving diplomat will get associated with MSU.After his BSc, Balasuriya joined the Lankan police as an assistant superintendent of police in 1978 and rose to the inspector general of police (IGP) post in 2009 to head the island country's police force.MSU officials are making efforts that during his visit he shares his experience with Gujarat police.Balasuriya has also authored a book 'The Rise and Fall of the LTTE' based on his doctoral thesis in political science at the St. Petersburg University, Russia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13176747", "title": "20-ton container flattens car; all passengers safe", "text": "NAGPUR: It looked like an accident no one could survive. And yet, four people had a miraculous escape when a 20-ton container toppled over their car, virtually flattening it.The incident took place at Narendra Nagar Ring Road on Wednesday afternoon. All the four car passengers are from Yavatmal. While two persons, Ashish Kapsikar and Suresh Raut, escaped with only a few scratches, Satish Meshram suffered a fracture on his right arm. The driver Anil Dhonge is undergoing treatment in intensive care at a private hospital in Khamla.Witnesses said the car and the trailer were running parallel to each other. Suddenly, trailer driver Santosh Jha applied brakes and the chain holding the container snapped. The container wobbled for a few seconds. Before the car driver could move out of the way, the container toppled over it.That the passengers were extremely lucky was beyond doubt. \"Except for two windows on the right side, there was no space left to pull out the victims,\" said Yogendra Kanere, who carefully pulled out the people from the small space. \"We first brought out the driver Ashish Kapsikar and then rescued Satish Meshram and Suresh Raut, both of whom were in the rear seat,\" Kanere added. Dhonge was brought out 15 minutes after the mishap when a crane that had reached the spot in about 5 minutes lifted the container. Witnesses said that even the crane got lifted some distance in the air when it hauled up the heavy container.The survivors were stunned but relieved. \"It was people's effort that saved our lives. May this is how God rewarded us for the good deeds we have done in the past,\" said Raut. He recalled how he and Meshram crouched as low as possible to fit into the tiny space left after the container crushed their car.\"When I heard the thud sound of the container and saw Dhonge unconscious, I expected to die. I was in the car for more than three minutes before being rescued,\" said Kapsikar.The lorry driver too escaped unhurt. Within a few minutes, Ajni police and traffic cops reached the spot and cleared the traffic jam.Ajni police booked Jha under relevant sections. Jha said that he had loaded the container from Narendra Nagar and was heading to Raipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13177582", "title": "Centre plans to have gold hallmarking in metros", "text": "NEW DELHI: Those buying gold in the four metros - Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata and Mumbai - can soon do so safely as the consumer affairs ministry intends to make it mandatory for jewellers to have their gold certified in these four cities to begin with. The ministry has introduced the Bureau of Indian Standards (Amendment) Act 2012 in the current session.While the proposal has been in the planning stage since 2008, it never took off with the government deciding halfway into the process that it needed an amendment to the BIS Act to make regulations mandatory instead of voluntary.The move could be a boon for those buying gold with a BIS survey noting that there was 10-15% adulteration in 22 carat gold sold across the country, leading to customers being duped of Rs 20,000 crore annually. This survey was carried out in 2002 and if the figures still hold, the loss to consumers could be much higher at current rates.The parliamentary standing committee on food, consumer affairs and public distribution in its report on the issue noted that the government had first proposed making hallmark jewellery mandatory in the four metros to begin with and then spread it across the country.Noting that there were 33 lakh jewellers in the country, the committee said only a few of them - less than 8,000 by 2010 -- had voluntarily availed the provisions of the scheme to get their jewellery hallmarked. The report mentioned that there were only 159 hallmarking centres across the country, including 23 centres set up by the government under a subsidy scheme. The government said the number of such centres would get a boost once the scheme became mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13297544", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa not to attend BJP national executive meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Miffed over the party's top brass sidelining him, sulking BJP Karnataka strongman BS Yeddyurappa today said he would not attend the party national executive to be held in Mumbai from May 24.\"I will not attend the party national executive,\" Yeddyurappa, who recently pushed the party government to a crisis that had threatened its survival, told reporters here.However, Yeddyurappa sought to set at rest speculation about his future political moves, saying he will not join any political outfit including the Congress.\"There is speculation that I am going to join Congress. It is far from truth. There is no question of joining any political party\", Yeddyurappa said after meeting people at his new \"public meeting centre\".Yeddyurappa's reaction came against the backdrop of comments made by some Congress leaders over admitting the former chief minister into the party.He said he would tour the state after May 30 to know the pulse of the people and take an appropriate decision on his future.After sparking a crisis with nine ministers and several MLA loyal to him submitting their resignations, Yeddyurappa however, announced a few days ago that he had deferred his decision to quit the party.The beleagured BJP leader, who has been facing a spate of corruption cases and a CBI probe, praised Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and described him as a \"straight forward man and dynamic chief minister.\"Yeddyurappa's remarks assume significance as Modi is also reportedly unhappy with the BJP central leadership over certain issues amid recent reports that he might not attend the BJP National Executive meeting.He said there were problems in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Karnataka and wanted the party to introspect and resolve them.Yeddyurappa said certain important leaders in Karnataka and Gujarat have expressed displeasure and wanted the upcoming national executive to deliberate on the \"serious\" issue.\"After (Atal Bihari) Vajpayee, a leader like LK Advani is leading the party. He is capable of taking decisions for the good of the party. However, Anantkumar (party general secretary) is not allowing him take decisions and resolve crisis. Anantkumar is trying to keep the party under his clutches\", he said.\"Anantkumar creates confusion and doubtful situation. It is very tragic that Anantkumar is not only misguiding the party, but also trying to dominate\", he alleged.BJP has leaders like Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , who had good leadership qualities, but Anantkumar is \"suppressing\" them, he said.He charged that Kumar was preventing any MP from Karnataka though it has stalwarts like D B Chandregowda, Suresh Angadi and Basavaraj, from coming into prominence.Yeddyurappa said he was hurt at the way he was treated in the party, which he built in the last forty years.He said BJP General Secretary Dhamendra Pradhan, who is camping in the city since yesterday to resolve the crisis, met him. \"I also spoke by phone to Gadkari and Jaitley\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13189560", "title": "Jorhat brothers beheaded over land row", "text": "JORHAT: Two brothers - Bolu and Rohi Tanti - were beheaded by a group of villagers at Tocklai tea garden, about 3km from Jorhat town, at around 10.30am on Wednesday. Nine persons involved in the murders then walked in Chinamora police outpost with the two severed heads and surrendered. Police said that the victims were land brokers and had purchased a vast plot from poor tea garden workers for a very low price, which angered the villagers.Suren Kalita, officer in-charge of Chinamora police outpost, said: \"Bolu was returning home after he dropped his son at school when he was attacked by a group of villagers, equipped with weapons, at Rajabari area. After he was decapitated, the group went to the tea garden where Rohi was working and killed him. They later surrendered with the two severed heads,\" said.He added: \"The nine youths of Tocklai tea garden have confessed their crimes. We identified them as Rajen Sadnami (18), Tinku Tanti (25), Madan Tanti (27), Bimal Tanti (20), Pradip Tanti (21), Gobinda Manthi (21), Aghon Tanti (25), Sankar Bauri (20) and Suresh Mirdha (19). They said that the brothers purchased land from tea garden workers for a very low price and took advantage of their poverty. They apparently exploited the workers for last several years,\" he said.Other workers of the tea garden said the two were close aides of Jorhat MLA Rana Goswami and were doing some works against the interest of the tea garden workers. \"They even helped the administration occupy tea garden land to construct the proposed National Institute of Design,\" a garden worker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13190641", "title": "BJP's internal bickering leads to Rs 200 cr benefit for SMC!", "text": "SURAT: The infighting among the two groups of BJP in the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) over the proposed hi-tech amusement park in the city has only proved beneficial for the civic body!The re-tendering process for the park has resulted in SMC getting Rs 215 crore more than what it would have got had the winning bidder in the first tendering process been selected. However, at that time, the standing committee had strongly called for re-tending saying that the amount quoted by the bidder, Ahmedabad-based Sadbhav Group, was very low.The re-tendering was done on March 20 and a Surat-based firm Raj Raj Green Infrastructure emerged the winning bidder.Sources said that a group within the BJP wanted a local player to develop this park. There was another group within the party that supported the Ahmedabad firm. The tussle led to re-tendering.When the the new bids were called, the same two companies submitted their proposals.Tender scrutiny committee of the SMC led by municipal commissioner approved the highest bid, that of Raj Green, which will be put up for standing committee's approval in meeting on Saturday.Originally when the bids were invited, Sadbhav Group had agreed to pay Rs 3.6 crore to SMC with 15 per cent hike every three years for the lease period of 45 years. This resulted in an earning of Rs 443 crore over a period of time. The second highest bidder, Raj Green, had quoted Rs 3.50 crore.In re-tendering, the local bidder, Raj Green Infrastructure, quoted Rs 4.61 crore as against Ahmedabad firm's Rs 4.50 crore. All other conditions were kept the same.After re-tendering, SMC will earn Rs 658 crore over a period of time which is Rs 215 crore higher than the previous bidding.\"The issue of re-tendering would not have come up at all had all the BJP leaders agreed to the firm that initially won the bid,\" said a top ranking official from the civic body.Municipal commissioner Manoj Das said, \"It is high time that this project starts as people of the city badly want such recreational facility. By re-tendering, SMC has benefited and that is good for civic body.\"Bhimji Patel, chairman of standing committee told TOI, \"This is going to be Gujarat's first hi-tech amusement park. For the first time in the history of SMC, re-tendering has led to more than Rs 200 crore rise in the income of civic body.\"The project is proposed on 14 acre of SMC land on Magob-Dumbhal, some 4 km from Surat railway station at the cost of Rs 125 crore.The park will house 27 rides including seven world-class rides for kids and family, thrill rides and iconic rides for all age groups between 5 years and 60 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13178934", "title": "Amit Modi stars in Kapol's win", "text": "MUMBAI: Lefthander Amit Modi won both his singles to steer Kapol SC to their second win in the Division II of the MSDTTA Inter-Club Table Tennis League.Amit gave his side a winning start by overpowering Akshay 8-11, 12-10, 11-7, 9-11, 11-9 and then beat Bindesh in another five-game thriller.Results:DIV III: Supreme TTA bt MCF 'B' 3-1. Chhatrapati Shivaji (Vile Parle) bt MCF 'B' 3-2. Achievers TT Academy 'A' bt MCF (Borivli) 'A' 3-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183527", "title": "Adarsh came up without CRZ nod: BMC chief Kunte", "text": "MUMBAI: BMC chief S J Kunte on Wednesday said the Adarsh building had come up without any Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) clearance. Kunte said before the commission of Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam that the construction rights in the form of floor space index that was granted to the building exceeded the norms under CRZ rules.\"The CRZ clearance is required to be obtained before starting the development work,'' said Kunte. Adarsh land is located in the CRZ 2 area. \"After verifying the files from the revenue and forest department, I found Adarsh hadn't obtained CRZ nod from the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF),'' Kunte said to a query by Dipan Merchant, counsel for the commission.Kunte, in a meeting with the National Coastal Zone Management Authority, had referred to \"serious lacunae'' in permissions given to Adarsh. He had said then deputy secretary, UDD, P V Deshmukh had misinterpreted MoEF's March 11, 2003, letter which said construction can be taken up as per CRZ rules. Kunte said this was not a clearance and meant that Adarsh should have approached the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority for permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183115", "title": "Anti-trespass project to kick off from Kurla on Central Railway network", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has selected Kurla as the first station where the anti-trespassing project will be implemented on its suburban network.TOI reported on May 16 that the Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) would spend around Rs 110 crore on the trespassing control project in a bid to curb deaths on tracks. The project would involve the installation of escalators and elevators, construction of foot overbridges (FOBs) and fences and erection of railings between tracks to prevent people from crossing the lines.A CR official said: \"Subodh Jain, the general manager of CR, has laid special emphasis on Kurla. For, since 2002, the stretch falling under the Kurla GRP recorded 3,360 deaths due to trespassing alone.\"The Kurla GRP's jurisdiction includes the stretch between Kurla and Mulund. The most vulnerable spots are near Kurla, Vidyavihar, Vikhroli and Kanjurmarg stations.Subhash Gupta, president of Yatri Sangh (Mumbai), said: \"Many people cross the tracks with heavy luggage to reach Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and Kurla station. Besides, the absence of an FOB near the Kurla level-crossing is another reason behind the track deaths there.\"Kurla, which has eight platforms and caters to both the Harbour and Main lines of CR, is one of the busiest stations on the Mumbai suburban network. \"The width of the existing FOB is inadequate in view of the large number of commuters using Kurla station. So, many commuters use the tracks instead of making their way through the congested FOB,\" said Gupta.CR has already started work on putting up fences between tracks at seven stations on its suburban network to prevent people from crossing the lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kothapatnam (prakasam)", "code": "13194054", "title": "Angry farmers speak out as Vanpic faces scrutiny", "text": "Kothapatnam (Prakasam): The Vadarevu , Nizampatnam Ports and Industrial Corridor, more precisely Vanpic, had four years back virtually created a realty boom in the barren tracts of coastal Prakasam . Rural lands lying unused for decades suddenly turned precious after realtors started zipping down in SUVs. Farmers who lost their land-holdings to Vanpic, however, are now protesting against forcible acquisition of land after industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad, the promoter for the project, was arrested by CBI on Tuesday.The protests though did not threaten to assume serious dimensions, similar to the agitations at Kovvada or Sompeta . The sore point in this case is the alleged connivance of leaders cutting across the political spectrum with the promoters of Vanpic. While the ruling Congress leaders have been accused of pocketing the lion's share, leaders from other parties, too, managed to make more than a quick buck by silencing the dissent generated by Vanpic . As a result, farmers were forced to accept whatever was the compensation paid by the promoters.Nearly 8,000 acres was acquired in Kothapatnam mandal in the Ongole Assembly segment with the promoters promising a port, an airport along with industrial development. Now, Prasad has been arrested by CBI in connection with the Jaganmohan Reddy assets case but the port and the airport, both promises made by the promoters, are yet to take shape.Prasad's arrest is significant with the byelections to the Ongole constituency round the corner. The political parties, which did not even raise a murmur when the lands were forcibly taken away by the promoter, are back at the blame game. Making Vanpic an election issue, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu has promised to restore lands to the original owners if the party is voted to power in the 2014 elections . \"We will not allow former mines minister Balineni Srinivas Reddy to escape . We will intensify the campaign over the coming days,\" said Damacherla Janardhan , the TDP candidate.With the government yet to scrap the deal with Vanpic, Congress leaders are not too comfortable at the moment to comment on the issue. Curiously, Balineni, who has switched sides and now contesting on a YSR Congress ticket, is cool about the latest developments. \"The Congress and TDP have successfully prevented a major development project granted to the district by implicating its promoters. People are aware that the cases have been fabricated with the intent of damaging the district's image,\" countered Balineni.Rumours were rife that Prasad had used his connections at the top to neutralize the agitations when land was acquired , in 2008. \"It is a fact that pattas (government assigned lands) were hurriedly issued to some followers of Left parties to ensure that nobody spoke up against land acquisition,\" confirmed a revenue official involved in the land acquisition process.Of the total 8,000 acres acquired for the project, nearly 5,000 acres was government poramboke on which pattas were issued after the finalization of master plan .\"All district leaders, irrespective of political affiliation, knew about the master plan and took pattas on such lands that were finally taken over by Vanpic in exchange for compensation ranging between Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh per acre,\" said Venkatrami Reddy, a Congress leader in Madanur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13179759", "title": "CS reviews status of pending projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav's promise that UP would provide all help to set up an All India Institute of Medical Science in Rae Bareli, chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Wednesday called a meeting to review the status of all pending projects in Rae Bareli and Amethi districts.The meeting was attended by departmental heads and the district magistrates of the two districts. Usmani also sought details about the status of the Rae Bareli Rail Coach Factory and the National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (NIPER), at Rae Bareli, an autonomous institute under the Department of Pharmaceuticals, among others.There are 14 projects in Rae Bareli, nine in Amethi and five roadways projects. All of the projects are centrally-funded, and are pending clearance from the state government. \"All the pending projects should be expedited and necessary clearances be given at earliest,\" said the chief secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13188623", "title": "People line up to vote in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: In South Goa, a large voter turnout was witnessed at most of the polling booths across the district.Long queues were seen in several polling booths across Salcete, Quepem and Sanguem talukas.Such was the enthusiasm among the voters that almost 55% of the electorate had exercised their franchise by 2 pm.Police sources told TOI that barring some stray incidents, no law and order problem was reported in South Goa. In Margao, tense moments were witnessed outside a polling booth at Aquem-Baixo after a fight broke out between two rival groups. Police said that one person was injured in the incident. Margao police booked offences against the accused from both the groups.\"Barring a couple of minor incidents in Salcete and Mormugao, the polling was peaceful in South Goa,\" said SP (south) Arvind Gawas.Though it is difficult to guess whether the large turnout was an indicator of the voters' desire for a change as was witnessed in the last assembly elections, grass root poll watchers see the trend as \"a very positive development for democracy at the grass root level.\"Roland Martins of GOACAN, speaking to TOI, attributed the large voter turnout to the \"heightened awareness\" among the voters about their right to exercise their adult franchise.\"Young people have started coming out to vote and that has reflected in the polling percentage. As a result of sustained campaigns, people have now become aware that every voter gets entitled to become a member of the gram sabha. This is a very good indicator for the future of democracy to work at grass root level,\" Martin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13191582", "title": "India making progress in reducing oil imports from Iran: US official", "text": "WASHINGTON: India has made a considerable progress in reducing its dependence on Iranian oil, a top Obama administration official has said. \"Progress is being made,\" on India reducing its dependence on Iranian oil, assistant secretary of state for South and Central Asia , Robert Blake told lawmakers during a Congressional hearing. Responding to the questions from Congressmen, Blake said India is making progress in this regard not because of any pressure from the US, but because of \"financial and commercial considerations\". As a result of the US sanctions on Iran, it is becoming tough for countries to do business with Iran. Many Indian companies have pulled out of Iran because of market considerations. So percentage of Indian import of oil from Iran is going down, Blake said, adding that the United States welcomes this. Referring to the recent visit of secretary of State, Hillary Clinton to India, Blake said that Clinton herself had welcomed the progress that India has made in reducing its dependence on Iranian oil. During her India trip, Clinton noted that both the United States and India share the same goal on Iran - to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons. \"We continue to urge India to make progress and continue to reduce its import of oil from Iran,\" Blake said, responding to questions at a hearing on South Asia convened by the House Committee on Foreign Affairs Sub Committee on the Middle East and South Asia. Responding to a question, Blake conceded that the United States is assisting India in identifying alternative source of energy other than that of Iran. In Indian case, Blake said, they have to have a long term policy of sourcing oil from Saudi Arabia . Among the recent important sources of oil is Iraq , he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183825", "title": "Mumbai grows on paper, adds another Andheri West", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai has 'grown' by roughly the size of Andheri (West) in the last two decades.Compared to the 1991 Development Plan, which pegged the city's size at 437.71 sq km, the latest land-use plan puts the financial capital's area at 457.17 sq km. This increase of nearly 20 sq km is owing to a broadening of the definition of open spaces. Whereas earlier the label included only playgrounds, recreation grounds and parks, the redefined and renamed 'natural areas and open spaces' also contain forests, creeks, beachfronts, mangroves, promenades, lakes as well as clubs and gymkhanas. Thus, with the inclusion of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park, the share of green lungs in the city has now risen to 31% from 6% in 2001. In 1991, the share was even less.\"This is a better and detailed documentation of reserved open spaces as per the latest norms of the government,\" said a city civic official.A city civic official explained the change in tack thus: \"There has been a growing clamour for effectively promoting and maintaining the city's open spaces that improve the quality of life of citizens and are their fundamental right. This is just a better and detailed documentation of reserved open spaces in the city conducted as per the latest norms of the state government.\"To be sure, Mumbai's green lungs have been rapidly declining as the city itself, and the burden on it, grows. Weak laws that are unable to stop rampant construction have ensured that the city is left with just 0.03 acres of open space for every 1,000 people. The ratio is all the more worrisome given that, for every 1,000 people, London has 12 acres of open space, New York has 4 acres and Singapore 6 acres. According to a recent survey conducted by architect P K Das, Mumbai has about 4,695 acres or 19 sq km of reserved open spaces. And of this, about 28% is encroached.Architect P K Das, who has been surveying the city's open spaces, called the change in open space definition a \"welcome move since we had been fighting for a long time that all these places be included\". \"Areas should be fixed and defined so that these places can be protected. It is good that even mangroves, rivers, creeks, wetlands and all water bodies have been included as open spaces,\" he said.Besides the amendment on open space front, the latest plan mentions revisions in the spatial distribution of some other land-use categories. According to the plan, residential area has increased to 25.19% from 14% in 2001, commercial area has risen to 2.18% from 0.6%, and industrial area has dipped to 5.42% from 6.25% in 2001.Sounding a note of scepticism, some officials said that many of the new open space categories are seasonal, particularly around water bodies and rivers. \"In that sense, the new data is number jugglery since we have added categories and not actual land. The step, however, will be useful in protecting these spaces,\" said an official.The new land-use plan has been prepared by a BMC-appointed consortium of Indian and French urban planning companies called Groupe SCE India Pvt Ltd. Submitted to the state urban development department, it will be used to create a Development Plan that is prepared every 20 years. The last DP was prepared in 1991 and enforced in 1994.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13188496", "title": "Mickky's Goa Vikas Party aligns with BJP", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Vikas Party (GVP) officially joined the BJP-led coalition government on Wednesday. This gives Alina Saldanha of the BJP an edge over her Congress rival in the Cortalim byelection as GVP had come second in the March assembly poll, behind BJP.GVP's joining the ruling alliance was announced by chief minister Manohar Parrikar in Panaji in the presence of GVP supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco.\"GVP has officially joined the BJP-led alliance and will support our candidate in the Cortalim byelection. We welcome them into the coalition,\" Parrikar said, adding that GVP had already given a letter of support to the governor.With this, the strength of the BJP-led alliance increases to 27 from 25 MLAs in a house of 40. This includes 20 BJP MLAs, three MGP MLAs, two GVP MLAs and two independents.When asked whether GVP's support was unconditional, Parrikar said the dharma of coalition will be followed. \"Coalition equation always goes by coalition formula and that formula, whatever it is, will be decided in time to come. There is no specific adjustment,\" Parrikar said.Speaking to media persons Pacheco said his party decided to join the alliance after getting satisfactory assurances from the chief minister on the medium of instruction (MoI) and Dabolim airport issues.\"One issue was the Dabolim airport. After the airport's inspection by the chief minister on Tuesday I am happy to know that Dabolim airport will be retained and I don't have further issues on this. I have also discussed the MoI issue with the chief minister and he has convinced me that he will take all sections into confidence to settle the issue,\" Pacheco said.Pressed further on the MoI issue and whether he was in agreement with the BJP stand, Pacheco said \"We have discussed the issue and as per the discussion I am convinced and confident that the rest of the people will also agree to the stand.\"He added, \"At this point of time when the election code of conduct is in force I don't want to pressurize him (Parrikar) on these issues but once the code is lifted, everything will settled.\"Pacheco also said his party would support the government for the entire term of five years.Information2002: Pacheco elected on United Goan Democratic Party ticket. Is made minister in Manohar Parrikar government2004: Parrikar drops Pacheco from cabinet2005: Pacheco joins BJP, quits within a few days to join NCP2007: Pacheco re-elected on NCP ticket. Becomes minister2010: Pacheco resigns as minister following controversy over death of Nadia Torrado2012: Pacheco resigns from NCP and joins GVP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13179072", "title": "The economics of Savitri Brata", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Savitri Amabasya is on Sunday and if markets in Bhubaneswar are any indication, women have risen to the occasion. It is a festival akin to Karva Chauth of North India, when all married women will be dressed up in their best attire, and live the whole day only on fruits to appease Yamraj and worship Goddess Sabitri for the long life of their husbands. Saree shops and fruit vendors in the city are having a tough time attending to so many customers, but they are not complaining at all.While sari shops in the city are chock-a-block with customers, prices of fruits have skyrocketed in the last two days. Besides, sweet shops, general stores selling bangles, bindis, sindoor and mehndi are also experiencing heavy footfall.Sanjukta Parida of Saheed Nagar said, \"Bangles, which used to cost only Rs 75, are now priced at Rs 350. It is next to impossible to bargain with the salespersons as they are so busy!\"\"It is a special festival observed by married women. Every married woman, rich or poor, wears new clothes and jewellery on the day and take nothing but fruits throughout the day. The fruit vendors and cloth stores are cashing in on the festival,\" said Malati Sahu, a housewife.The prices of fruits have started shooting up by two to three fold about a week before in the wake of the festival. It is not in case of mangoes only but for all fruit varieties including jackfruits, grapes, oranges, palms, banana, water million, pineapple and dead-palm have gone up.The already high prices of fruits have gone up by three to four times for the festival, but people have no option but to buy these. \"Every year, this festival digs a big hole in my pockets. You cannot deny your wife as she is doing all these for you,\" said Manoranjan Panda, a government employee.According to Panchanan Sahu, a fruit vendor, \"Every year the prices of fruits increase at this time for the festival. The prices will increase further on the eve of Saturday.\"The retail price of mango has crossed Rs 60 per kg while it was Rs 40 to Rs 50 in the wholesale market. Similarly, apple is selling at Rs 100 per kg, grapes Rs 100-150, oranges Rs 80. Pineapples and jackfruits are selling at Rs 30 to 40 and Rs 50 to 100 per piece. Keeping in eye on the huge demand of fruits, fruit vendors have put up stalls on major thoroughfares across the city.\"Fruits being compulsory for the festival, we have to buy them, no matter what's the price. I have cut down on the amount, though,\" said Nirmalya Das, a bank manager.Similar was the scene at cloth stores of the city. In view of the festive season, the state government has organized a handloom exhibition at exhibition ground while Bayonika is offering 30 per cent discount on each purchase. Other sari shops in the city are also offering good discounts for the occasion, \"Saris of all varieties and prices ranging from Rs 300 to Rs 10,000 are being sold on the occasion. Our sale has gone up substantially. Raja festival, which is next in line, will also be a busy time for us,\" said Suraj Mohapatra of a popular sari shop in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13188839", "title": "30 voters almost miss date with panchayat poll", "text": "MARGAO: Frenetic scenes were witnessed on the day of elections at Rachol panchayat when local residents belonging to Ward No 3 ( part of Ilha de Rachol) and standing in the queue at polling booth number 3 discovered that their names along with many others were missing from the electoral roll.The angry villagers who had cast their votes in the recently concluded assembly elections still had their ink mark and were flabbergasted when the police and polling officer told 30 voters that they had no option but to leave the premises.The situation snowballed into a fight between the villagers and the authorities and support for these aggrieved villagers came from other voters who threatened to boycott the elections.Some of the locals had a copy of the electoral sheets which they had obtained under the Right to Information Act (RTI), but better sense prevailed and they decided that the returning officer had to intervene.Panch member Guilherme Oliveira then contacted Salcete returning officer and joint mamlatdar Joao Fernandes who rushed to the polling booth at around 12pm. However, the matter was resolved within minutes of Fernandes' arrival.He calmed the agitating members of the crowd before verifying the sheets and allowed the 30 voters to cast their votes.Sources at the polling booth said that there was a mix up in procuring the sheets and the missing sheets were found after Fernandes verified all the documents. \"This is not acceptable as such kind of serious errors should not take place in any election process as the voters are only discouraged from casting their franchise,\" said local resident George Fernandes .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13187400", "title": "Cops set to enforce no-tinted glass rule in Chennai from today", "text": "CHENNAI: Vehicles will soon offer little shelter - from the summer sun or for any kind of clandestine activity - with the traffic police ready to enforce from Thursday the Supreme Court order banning the use of tinted glasses on vehicle windshields and windows.The police will initially advise people that it is against the rules and ask them to remove the tinted glass film from their vehicles. \"After two days, we will fine violators ,\" said a senior police officer. \"We will follow the order of the Supreme Court and remove tinted film on the spot.\"\"The fine will be. 100 for the first offence and. 300 for subsequent violations,\" he said.Using black film is a violation under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. The law says that windshields must have at least 70% transparency and windows a minimum of 50% transparency.Tinted glasses that come as part of the vehicle manufacturing design are exempt from the rule.The apex court, acting on a public interest litigation, had on May 27 directed all states to implement the rule from May 4. The Delhi and Bangalore police are already implementing the rule and fining violators. The Delhi police booked 4,915 motorists for the offence on May 4 and 4,199 on May 5.Petitioner Avishek Goenka argued that darkened glasses \"give immunity to violators\" and are \"used as a tool of criminality, considerably increasing criminal activities\". He also stated that drivers of cars with tinted glasses had lower visibility and are 18- 35% more likely to be involved in accidents.The Chennai police have started practising the rule themselves. \"We received orders to remove tinted film from our vehicles by Thursday evening,\" a police officer from Mambalam said.The court order exempts VVIPs from the rule, provided that the state government lists out persons who need tinted vehicle glasses for reasons of security, after a committee comprising the home secretary and director-general of police examines each case.Chennai is facing the hottest part of the year and the order has not gone down well with motorists. \"Summers are getting hotter. Without tinted glasses, cars will be like ovens , especially when they are stationary in the sun,\" said Vishwas Gowrinathan, who lives in T Nagar. \"Chennai is a safe city. I don't know how much difference this rule is going to make.\"The rule may not be effective as the fine for is relatively small, motorists say. \"Tinted glasses cost up to 5,000, but they offer resistance to heat and good visibility, so motorists may not mind paying the fine,\" said a T Nagar dealer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13191480", "title": "Kodak says it had secret Nuclear-reactor for 30 years", "text": "NEW YORK: The company that gave us the Instamatic has acknowledged that for 30 years it operated a small nuclear reactor in a basement on its corporate campus in Rochester, New York , unbeknown to almost everyone save a few scientists and engineers. Kodak, which began operating the device, called a californium neutron flux multiplier (CFX), in 1974, insists there was nothing unsafe about it.None the less, it came preloaded with nearly 1.5kg of uranium enriched up to a level of 93.4%, which is just about right for an atomic warhead. The size of a fridge, the device was kept in a basement behind 2ft-thick concrete walls and was operated remotely. While Kodak apparently did not deliberately seek to keep its existence a secret - it claims it was mentioned at least twice in published company research - it did not exactly advertise it either . Seemingly neither the authorities in Rochester nor state-wide knew it was there.\"It's such an odd situation because private companies just don't have this material,\" Miles Pomper, a senior research associate at the Centre for Nonproliferation Studies in Washington DC , said.The company finally \"decommissioned\" its in-house reactor under federal government supervision in 2007 and the uranium was sent to California . For more than three decades it had been used by a tiny cadre of staff to help test chemicals for impurities and perform neutron radiography , a form of imaging. Experts say that Kodak, which filed for bankruptcy this year, had one of only two CFX reactors ever made. The other belonged to the US department of energy .THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13180154", "title": "Two Coimbatore boys head to Nasa for prestigious meet", "text": "COIMBATORE: Rohan M Ganapathy, a student of Hindustan College in the city and a native of Ooty, and his friend Shakthi Guhan will be the only students from across the world to attend the prestigious Global Space Exploration Conference. Their papers, which they submitted eight months ago online to International Aeronautical Federation, has been chosen for presentation at the world's most prestigious space meet, which is held once in five years at NASA headquarters.Of the 2,100 papers submitted from 88 scientists and PhDs, Rohan and Shakthi are the only students to enter the conference. Their paper on finding water in Jupiter's moon and life in Saturn's moon entitled 'Technology Challenges of Europa and Titan Exploration Mission' was chosen for presentation at the meet. Europa is Jupiter's moon and Titan is Saturn's moon.\"I am obviously extremely proud to have been selected. My dad is a scientist in the same line and my interest in the subject runs in the family,\" Rohan told The Times of India. \"My paper suggests that when all life forms become extinct on earth we have to move to space and Jupiter's moon as water is available there. Saturn's moon is conducive for life. So space is where we are heading,\" he said.He said under the present technology it will take 11 months to travel to Saturn and 9 months to travel to Jupiter.Rohan is headed to Washington where he will attend the conference from May 22-24. He will go to Italy next for a conference where he will present a paper on developing a cheap space vehicle which can travel to the moon. \"At present, it costs Rs 250 crore to send a satellite from space to a moon. Under our new technology we are suggesting it will cost only Rs 50,000,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181202", "title": "Killer lift had faulty mechanism", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team comprising forensic science laboratory officials and lift safety experts visited Pushpak Flats in Vasna on Wednesday to find out the reasons behind 11-year-old schoolboy Deval Vora being crushed between the lift car and the shaft a day earlier. Team members agreed that the lift had faulty mechanism and lacked maintenance. However, the police case lodged with the Ellisbridge police station, still calls it an accidental death.\"We can peg responsibility for the death only after a preliminary report from the team,\" said an Ellisbridge police station official. \"We are probing the role of the contractor given the maintenance job, whether the company had permission to repair lifts and the maintenance chart of the lift. We are also probing the role of the housing society, the builder and whether the lift had been made by a licensed company.\"Deval had called the lift up to the second floor as he wanted to go down to join his friends. When the lift reached, he opened the door, and tragedy struck. Someone on the upper floors pressed the button to call the lift. The car started moving even when the door was open. Deval was caught by surprise and was dragged up with the lift's car.The incident has also posed serious questions about the lift industry at a time when one is looking at taller buildings like the 30-floor twin towers planned for GIFT City and the Sabarmati riverfront. The Gujarat Disaster Management Authority (GSDMA) does not consider safety in lifts an issue.A Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report of 2010 suggests that 5,878 lift licenses had expired in the state. Of these, 1,586 licenses had come for renewal while 4,292 were operating without license. Lift licenses have to be renewed every three years. These numbers are minuscule as there are more than 50,000 lifts in the state.The chief electrical officer has regularly pointed out that several blacklisted maintenance companies still operate in the state. This apart, a number of cheap lift manufacturing companies have mushroomed in Naroda and neighboring areas that are supplying lifts for half the cost of their branded companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13210996", "title": "John-Kangana's violent lovemaking scene", "text": "John Abraham and Kangana Ranaut have indulged in some passionate, lovemaking scene in their next film and Kangana even got hurt because of it.It's sad that sometimes actors get so carried away by the emotions of the moment that they don't realise what they are doing. And that's what happened to John Abraham and Kangana Ranaut when they were both shooting for Ekta Kapoor's 'Shootout At Wadala' directed by Sanjay Gupta . Their scenes were so intense that Kangana broke her glass bangles and shooting had to be stopped as she was bleeding profusely.A source from the unit says, \"There are not one but two hot, lovemaking scenes in Shootout At Wadala . One is a simple but passionate kiss and the other is so violent that it's almost like a sexual assault on Kangana by John ! Though the actor was suffering from a bad cold he insisted on completing what was scheduled. Both John and Kangana have kissed in their earlier films so the kissing scene went off smoothly. It was during the passionate lovemaking scene when both get into a heated argument. John holds her hand tightly and starts making love to her but his grip was so strong that her bangles broke and she started bleeding. Of course John immediately apologised to Kangana . It was just that being good actors both he and Kangana ?got carried away with the passion created in the moment. She was bleeding so much that shooting got stopped for an hour till the doctor came on the sets and bandaged it. The scenes were shot last week amidst very few people as John and Kanagana didn't want too many people around. In the film, John plays a young innocent guy who gets drawn into crime, while Kangana plays his romantic interest.\"\"There are two very aesthetically shot love-making scenes in the film shot by Sanjay Gupta . During one of them, she broke her bangles and both of them ended up with minor gashes having cut their wrists. \"It is a very passionate scene,\" says Tanuj Garg from the production house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13185027", "title": "Indore\u2019s used car market doubles in 5 years", "text": "INDORE: The pre-owned car market is picking up in Indore as the business has doubled over past five years. Almost all the new car dealers in the city have their separate arm for pre-owned car sales. While Maruti-Suzuki has four showrooms for used cars in the city, Tata has three, and Mahindra and Hyundai have two each.Currently, 200 to 300 pre-owned cars are being sold in Indore, which comprise 30% of the total car sales in the city. About three years ago, the used car sales comprised 10% of the total car sales.It is learnt that almost half the customers seeking to buy cars from the used car market, comprise those who wish to have a 'new' one by replacing the existing one.Uday K, manager, True Value owned by Maruti-Suzuki, says, \"We first ask our customers seeking to buy new cars to sell their old cars to us and we do deduct the amount of the old car after getting it valued by our valuer. We are accepting any model regardless of the company.\"On the customers' perspective too, it turns out to be a win-win situation as he is able to fetch good price for his old car, claimed Uday.Some of the Maruti Suzuki models that have become the favourites are Dzire, Swift, Ritz, WagonR and Alto. Pre-owned car dealers say that the market is getting more organised now with the direct entry of car manufacturers into the space.Hyundai is doing the used car business through its subsidiary Advantage, Maruti-Suzuki has True Value and Mahindra via First Choice.Aditya Kasliwal, a Hyundai dealer, says that the people, who can't afford to have high-end cars, are also coming forward to buy the same model from the pre-owned market at a price, which suits to their budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184540", "title": "Bike gang targets girl in Kolkata's Jadavpur", "text": "KOLKATA: A journalist and his fiancee were stalked and assaulted by a bike gang near Sulekha Bazar, around 1km from Jadavpur police station on Tuesday night.It was the second such incident in the area in two days. On Monday night, two drunken youths molested a woman and beat up her husband when he tried to help her on a Garfa road, some 2km from where Tuesday's incident occurred.The city police seem to be struggling to check the growing menace of eve-teasing and molestation in the southern fringes more than nine months after taking over these areas.Journalist Abhijeet Roy Chowdhury, who works with a vernacular daily, was walking his 25-year-old fiance home a little before midnight when he noticed that four drunken youths on two bikes seemed to be following them.The bikers were going way too slow and had targeted the couple as soon as they stepped off a cab near Sukanta Setu. \"I was escorting her to her home near Sulekha. When we were near Sulekha bazaar, four youths on motorcycles started driving towards us. Noticing their attitude, I sensed something wrong and moved to a side of the road to avoid the group. But they kept following us and tried to grab my friend's hand,\" said Abhijeet, a resident of Sinthee.Abhijeet tried to resist them, which led to a hot altercation. Words soon led to blows and the gang thrashed Abhijeet. Luckily, a few locals were still hanging around the market and noticed the couple in distress and rushed to help.They rescued Abhijeet and the girl and helped them get into a taxi.On Wednesday, Abhijeet lodged a complaint at Jadavpur police station and mentioned that he overheard two names of the gang members - \"Babu and Rajib\". Police are looking for the accused. Locals say the suspects are regulars in the area.The series of such incidents indicates that night patrolling has to be made stronger in this part of the city. \"We have increased vigil, but we are short of manpower,\" said an officer, hinting that even the detective department that is supposed to keep an eye on such hoodlums is working on skeletal strength.The incident happened day after the similar crime occurred at Garfa. Two drunk youths known as local promoters molested a woman and beaten up her husband there on road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13179128", "title": "Murli Manohar Joshi backs FM, says India no tax haven", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi broke with the party line and supported finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's assertion on retrospective taxation by echoing the minister's line that India could not be treated as a tax haven.Joshi said that it was India's sovereign right to pass and implement any law. \"Nobody can stop us from enacting a law. Law does not debar any investor to invest. But you cannot invest without paying taxes,\" he said.He disagreed with the suggestion that in the current investor climate, retrospective taxation measures can be avoided, saying \"investors will come if your processes are transparent, fair and quick...they will come.\"Speaking at the BJP media briefing, where he attacked the government over continuing devaluation of the rupee against the dollar, he took a position quite different when it came to retrospective taxes. He said several countries had taken recourse to such measures. \"If there are loopholes, firms should not be allowed to use them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13188707", "title": "Halwa makers of Kozhikode bow to changing tastes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The sweetmeat makers of Kozhikode have decided to move in step with time and change their business plans.Bowing before the changing tastes of the youth, the halwa makers have decided to include new varieties of sweetmeats. Till 20 years ago there were only four traditional Kozhikkodan halwa varieties available in the market -- black, white, red (almond) or green (pistachio).But since last three years new varieties that include beetroot, tomato, mango , jackfruit, sesame, grape, strawberry and chocolate have hit the market. \"Younger generation demands the new varieties. Even though prices of the new varieties are higher compared to the traditional varieties, people are willing to spend money,\" said K Dinesh Babu of Sankaran Bakery.He said every day they have been selling one 20kg of each new variety. According to V V Saleem of Viva Halwa Products, it was the Malabar Fest held in 2004 that induced the manufacturers to come up with new products as there was much demand for the new varieties in the festival. \"Halwa and banana chips are essential part of any function in the city.It is the people's preference for novel varieties that have been making us come up with new varieties of halwa,\" said M P Ramesh, owner of Cochin Bakery in the city.Even though the younger generation is keen on experimenting new varieties, traders and manufacturers certify that the older generation prefers the traditional varieties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13187496", "title": "Employment guarantee council seeks 200 days work for tribes", "text": "JAIPUR: The state employment guarantee council has demanded that members of Sahariya, Kathori and Kherwa tribes be given 200 days of work once again this year under the MGNREGA. The demand of the council came at a meeting between it and chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who is also the chairman of the council, on Wednesday evening.All the three tribes were given 200 days of work last year by the state as a special concession. The council has said that the extra 100 days of work has helped many of the members not only to come out of the clutches of bonded labour but also enthused a new spirit in them.The council has also urged the chairperson to immediately write to the Centre asking it to increase the NREGA wage to match the minimum wages in the state. \"The minimum wages in the state has been increased from Rs 135 to Rs 147. But the wages of MGNREGA is still at Rs 133. The Centre should immediately be urged to pay the prevailing minimum wages as per a Karnataka High Court order which has also been upheld by the Supreme Court,\" the council has urged.Other points that the council has stressed are the formation of an independent social audit society so that the audit proves to be more effective and does not just remain on paper. \"The pilot social audit done at Barmer should be reviewed and action should be initiated against those found guilty in the social audit at Nokha panchayat at Bikaner,\" the council has urged.On the apparent lack of demand for work in the state under MGNREGA, the council has said that it is not that people in the state do not want work but it is due to the lack of receipts being given that the problem seems so. \"A helpline for these labourers should be set up so that they can demand work on the helpline itself and this demand gets registered on the muster roles,\" the council said.The renewing of wall writings in various gram panchayats, a need to bring in more transparency, the resumption of the fortnight NREGA Samwad between the minister, officials and villagers and prompt payment to labourers under the scheme are some of the other issues highlighted by the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13198112", "title": "Unsold jute bags stack up, but govt OKs import", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the government races against time to procure enough jute bags to store grains in the face of record procurement , gunnysack traders are saddled with massive unsold stocks. A look at the godowns of some traders in the national capital alone shows there is no shortage of jute bags in the country.While the central government has placed an order for four lakh jute bags to be imported from Bangladesh and asked jute mills in West Bengal to increase production, traders in Delhi are staring at losses with stocks running into 20 lakh bags lying unsold. The government has to meet the demand before May-end when procurement is scheduled to officially stop owing to the onset of monsoon.Traders blame the government for creating a double crisis in which they claim both the states and the traders are going to suffer. Due to increased procurement of foodgrain by both Food Corporation of India (FCI) and various state governments, the demand for jute bags in the open market has plummeted leading to unsold stocks.\"We were not prepared for such a situation. We had ordered jute bags according to annual requirements of the market. But the government increased direct procurement from farmers manifold at high minimum support price leading to private players like multi-national corporations shying away from buying wheat. This has led to demand for jute bags going down by 20%. We are stranded now,\" said Rohini-based jute bags trader Dharamvir Agarwal, who alone has a stock of about 10 lakh bags lying in his godown.\"I have two more consignments ordered from Bangladesh , but I have stopped payment as there is no demand,\" added Agarwal, who also buys from jute mills in West Bengal.The situation has been skewed because of a bumper harvest and increased procurement . This year, total food grain production is estimated at 253 million tonne (mt) compared to 232.1 mt last year. Earlier, the FCI and state government procured only 25-30 % food grains from farmers with private players filling in for the rest. The same figure is now over 50%.Adding to the problem of traders is the government policy of procuring directly from jute mills or importing from Bangladesh to minimize cost. Now, traders want that government should give them a chance and they will match the prices of jute mills.Chairman of Dilli Bardana Vyapari Association, Motilal Agarwal said, \"At least at times of crises, the government can procure from us. We have close to 20 lakh bags at the moment. It will not only help the situation but also help us. If the government makes a policy and starts open tenders, we can deliver desired jute products at competitive prices.\"Traders also allege that the shortage of jute bags is artificial and created by plastic lobby which wants the government to make an exception to its 100% jute bag policy in grain procurement and use plastic bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13190557", "title": "Road cave-in exposes negligence of municipal corporation", "text": "LUDHIANA: The careless attitude of civic authorities came to fore yet again as a major portion of a road caved in near City Heart Hotel, adjoining Clock Tower, on Monday. The civic body hasn't been able to clear the encroachments on the drain here, which makes the cleaning and maintenance of the drain difficult keeping it blocked. The caved in portion also revealed the lintel of the slab over the drain was eroded, indicating towards the excessive use of chemicals for cleaning.The caved in portion is around 10 feet deep and 7-8 feet wide. Thousands of vehicles pass through this road every day and the incident could have caused a major tragedy. It wasn't long ago that another road had caved in near Ishmeet Chowk, Shastri Nagar, where officials had blamed seeping of sewerage water for it.The MC officials said cleaning of the drain hasn't been possible due to the encroachments by shopkeepers on it. Due to this, chemicals get clogged and erode the slab structure. This drain meant for drainage of water during rainy season flows from Talab Bazar, Sadar Bazar, Books Market, Daresi, Niggar Mandi, Bhadaur House and Damoria Pull.MC joint commissioner A S Sekhon said, ''We would be able to gauge the exact reason behind the caving of road after the primary inspection is done. As of now, the prominent reasons seem to be poor quality material used for making slabs and clogged chemicals in the drain.The risk is high at this drain as the numerous shops constructed by encroachers could all come down in another similar incident. Even a pillar of an elevated road passes through the drain and could collapse too just as the slab did.This incident during summer season has raised the worry among residents who expect such trouble to erupt only in monsoon. ''We usually feel unsafe on city roads while driving during rainy season. But, now, the roads are caving in even during summer too. The civic body should determine the exact reasons behind the caving of road and resolve this problem permanently,'' said R C Sharma, a businessman from Civil Lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178472", "title": "Hottest day keeps denizens indoor", "text": "KANPUR: The city experienced its hottest day of this summer season with mercury touching the mark of 43.2 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. Met officials attributed the rise in the temperature to the dry westerly winds.Night provided some respite from the burning day as temperature came down to 20.0 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature was brought down by the clear skies. The humidity remained quiet low on Wednesday making the denizens a fatigued lot. The humidity in the morning remained 35% which reduced to 16% in the afternoon.According to the met office , dry warm winds from the central parts of India were blowing over the state. Officials said that several parts of the state were in the grip of heat wave conditions. In the absence of any moisture, the harsh temperatures are likely to remain the same over the next two days.Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist at Chandra Shekhar Axad University of Agriculture and Technology, said that temperatures may cross the mark of 45 degrees during the weekend. The expert also predicted duststorms to lash the region as a result of cyclonic disturbances and fast moving hot winds.The roads wore a deserted look on Tuesday despite it being the beginning of the week and most denizens had to cancel their outings. With power cuts in many areas, the rise in temperature only added to the woes. \"It was almost impossible to step out and difficult to stay home at the same time without the AC,\" said Nancy, an MBA student.\"I have never seen city roads empty like this. Even at the main chowks of city, where it takes a lot of time to move, it was very easy to drive,\" said Mayank Singh, a businessman and resident of Mall Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13178571", "title": "Government securities scam comes back to haunt central cooperative banks", "text": "NAGPUR: A decade after it rocked the state's cooperative banking sector, government securities (g-secs) scam is now threatening the very existence of a couple of banks in the region. However, it is expected RBI may ensure that the depositors' interests are safeguarded even if the banks face action.Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has issued directions barring acceptance of deposits by six district central cooperative banks (DCCBs) in the state.These are Nagpur, Wardha, Osmanabad, Buldhana, Nandurbar, and Jalna. DCCBs form a key pillar of agriculture lending through cooperative banking but also serve as a political platform.Although RBI action is targeting all weak banks, those in Nagpur, Wardha, and Osmanabad could have been saved had the g-secs scam not happened. The bungle that left a big hole in their balance sheets involved politically influential cooperative barons. An amount of Rs 150 crore was siphoned off from Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank (NDCCB) ostensibly for being invested in government securities, when Sunil Kedar, then a NCP leader, was its chairman. An amount of Rs 25 crore and Rs 30 crore were bungled from banks in Wardha as well as Osmanabad in western Maharashtra respectively in the same manner. They were headed by Sharad Deshmukh, a NCP leader, and late Pawan Raje Nimbalkar from Congress.Among the banks in Vidarbha, NDCCB still has a board of directors officially backed by Kedar, who has now joined Congress, and in Wardha, Sharad Deshmukh's nephew Sameer is at the helm.Even as the RBI has only barred acceptance of fresh deposits as of now, worse can follow. RBI's order warns that if an action plan for revival by September 2012 is not ready, the banks can also face cancellation of licence. They were allowed to function without a licence under a special provision. However, RBI put these institutions on notice from 2006-7, seeking an action plan on improving financial parameters till September 2012 and get a formal licence. If not, their permission to operate will cease.NDCCB's accumulated losses as on March 2011 stood at Rs 169 crore, the tally for Wardha is Rs 56 crore, and Buldhana Rs 140 crore. Balance sheets for 2012 are yet to be audited but NDCCB claims the losses are now reduced to Rs 120 crore. Buldhana is in the red due to bad lending in general but it was g-secs scam that took the toll on the other two banks. The Buldhana bank too is run by a Congress leader Shripadrao Salwe who was preceded by Dr Rajendra Shingne, a former minister belonging to NCP.Sources in state's department of cooperatives say in case the licence is cancelled, RBI would ensure that the depositors' interest is secured by merging the cooperative with some other bank. Meanwhile boards of the banks are busy drawing up revival plans. NDCCB's chairperson Sharayu Tayade, a Kedar-backed candidate says there is no reason to panic.No new deposits in banksAlthough RBI has barred acceptance of fresh deposits there is no embargo on withdrawals. The old deposits can be renewed too. Earlier, the cheque clearing facility was also stopped but has now been restored. There are apprehensions that a ban may be imposed once again as the decision is being reviewed by RBI officials in Mumbai. Meanwhile, the banks will continue to get MSCB funds to and would give crop loans, said an official in the cooperatives department.The bank has enough funds to meet the demand for withdrawals, says the management. However, a sudden rush by depositors' en masse will only worsen the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179201", "title": "Gang of 6 held, 8 robberies solved", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police on Tuesday claimed to have detected eight robberies following the arrest of a gang of six people. Two motorcycles and four cell phones, all worth Rs 1.30 lakh, were recovered.Investigations revealed that the gang was involved in the looting of pilgrims near Jejuri temple and couples who visited the nearby Purandar fort.Constable Santosh Mohite got a tip-off that the gang was going to attack a beer shop at Boratenagar in Hadapsar in the early hours of May 9. Accordingly, the Hadapsar police team led by senior inspector Pandharinath Mandhare laid a trap and arrested four of them while three others escaped. The police team comprised sub-inspectors Dattatreya Darade and Prasad Lonare, constables Vinod Bhandalkar, Ravindra Chippa and Pravin Kalbhor.The suspects have been identified as Swapnil Girme (25) and Amol Rajput (25) both of Hadapsar, Vijay Shelar (19) from Ranjangaon in Shirur taluka and Raju Deshpande (19) of Junnar taluka. The police seized sharp weapons and four cell phones.Later, police inspector Vishamber Golde launched a search and nabbed two of their accomplice, Pravin Waghere (27) of Hadapsar and Anil Shivarkar (32) of Panmala in Haveli taluka. During interrogation the suspects confessed to their involvement in eight cases of robberies across Pune district.\"We have detected three cases of robberies registered with the Hadapsar police station, two each from Jejuri and Loni Kalbhor police station and one case from Saswad police station in the district,\" Mandhare said.The gang would target pilgrims on way to the Khandoba temple at Jejuri. They had robbed a woman of her gold ornaments and cell phone at Sakurde Phata near Jejuri recently. \"The suspects also used to target couples visiting the Purandar fort,\" Mandhare said adding, \"We have seized two motorcycles and four cell phones worth Rs 1.30 lakh from the gang.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13180481", "title": "Uranium in water: Punjab and Haryana high court seeks details on RO systems", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday asked Punjab government to furnish details before the court about the total number of reverse osmosis (RO) systems installed in some parts of the state to reduce uranium contamination in drinking water, and how many of them are in working condition.The HC has also asked the Punjab government to inform about steps taken for maintenance of these ROs and to what percentage they are helpful in cleaning water. The directions were given by a division bench headed by acting Chief Justice M M Kumar during the resumed hearing of a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking directions for adequate relief to affected people and kids due to discharge of uranium in water and soil of some parts of Punjab.When the matter came up for hearing on Wednesday before the bench, Bhaba Atomic Research Centre (BARC) informed that difference in uranium level in various countries depends upon climatic conditions and every country has different standards to measure it. HC had asked BARC to inform why World Health Organization (WHO) has fixed the level of uranium in drinking water for 15 parts per billon but India has fixed it as 60 parts/billion.BARC counsel Onkar Singh Batalvi also submitted an affidavit stating that concentration of uranium in the water of Malwa region in Punjab could not be the reason for prevalence of cancer disease in the area. BARC also submitted that reverse osmosis (RO) system is helpful in reducing 99% uranium content from drinking water in various parts of Punjab.The matter had reached before the HC through a PIL filed by Mohali resident Brijender Singh Loomba who had sought directions for adequate relief to affected people and kids due to discharge of uranium in water and soil of Bathinda, Faridkot and Ludhiana districts of Punjab. Now the case would come up for further hearing on May 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13188912", "title": "80.12% voting in panchayat polls", "text": "PANAJI: Goa registered a record 80.12% voting for 184 village panchayats that was mostly peaceful barring a few stray incidents at some places.State election commissioner M Modassir expressed satisfaction at the voter turnout. \"It is a very, very satisfying day as polling has gone up from 72% registered at the last panchayat elections to 80%. By and large, everything passed off peacefully and the few minor incidents are not worth reporting.\"Modassir confirmed this was the highest voter turnout in Goa's panchayat elections. The voter turnout in 2002 was 71.5%.North Goa recorded a voter turnout of 82.58%. Election authorities did not specify in which panchayat the turnout was highest but indicated that Bicholim II recorded the highest turnout of 90.70% in Goa. The lowest turnout in North Goa was in Tiswadi I which had 77.15% voter turnout.South Goa witnessed 76.18% voter turnout with Dharbandora recording the highest percentage of 76.18 and Salcete III recording the lowest percentage of 69.33.In today's elections, 82.09% female voters and 78.14% male voters cast their votes.Voting began at 8am and by noon, some booths had registered 50% voting.An hour before close of voting at 5 pm, many booths had registered around 80% voting. Most voters came with their electoral photo identity cards and no voter was reported to have been sent back for want of identification.Although panchayat elections are not fought on party lines, political parties and MLAs did put up panels in some villages-some overtly, others covertly.While Calangute BJP MLA Michael Lobo put up panels and canvassed aggressively in the panchayats of his constituency, others like Saligao MLA and tourism minister Dilip Parulekar and even Mandrem MLA and panchayat minister Laximikant Parsenkar preferred to remain aloof. Their problem was that too many of their supporters wanted to cash in on the BJP wave and win panchayat elections. Parulekar told TOI that faced with this problem, he told his supporters to settle the matter among themselves.By and large, issues are not high on the worry-list of village panchayats in Goa. But the problem of mounting garbage continues to haunt many panchayats especially along Goa's coastline. For almost all problems, panchayats seek the support of the state government via the local MLA.Counting of votes will begin at 8am on Thursday and Friday at various centres in the talukas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13190665", "title": "Reservation in politics empowers women: Siddaramaiah", "text": "HUBLI: Opposition leader Siddaramaiah on Wednesday endorsed the need to provide 33 per cent reservation to women in politics.He was speaking after inaugurating a women's convention organized by the Hubli-Dharwad Mahanagar Jilla Mahila Congress Samiti. Reservation empowers women, he said, adding that the Congress has all along been in support of reservation.Siddaramaiah alleged that many senior citizens and widows are not getting monthly pension due to apathy of the BJP government.President of All India Women Congress Committee Anita Verma called upon women to elect able representatives in the next assembly election. She indicated that the convention is a soft launch of the election campaign of the party for the next assembly election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181006", "title": "Congress goes back on meeting plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after deciding to hold pre-cabinet meetings of party ministers to keep the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) counterparts in check, the Congress camp chose not to honour the decision.The Congress ministers did not hold a pre-cabinet meeting on Wednesday. Last week, during a meeting convened by All India Congress Committee secretary Mohan Prakash of all party ministers, it was decided to use pre-cabinet meetings to chalk out the party's strategy over cabinet issues.The NCP camp has long followed a tradition of holding such meetings. With the Congress keen to adopt an aggressive stand against the NCP in the run-up to the 2014 assembly elections, Prakash had asked ministers to meet and discuss cabinet agenda before the meeting.The cabinet meeting on Wednesday was the first after Prakash's meeting.Political observers said that the pre-cabinet meetings allow NCP to come better prepared as a team for discussions.NCP chief Sharad Pawar had initiated the tradition and the party has been regularly holding such meetings. While the Congress adopted the practice during the Sushilkumar Shinde's term as chief minister, it has been rarely followed since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13183568", "title": "Early monsoon set to wet sizzling Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Heat wave conditions intensified in most parts of the state with the temperature soaring over 44 degrees Celsius in Khajuraho. Wednesday was the hottest day of the season for the state capital which registered a maximum temperature of 40.8 degrees Celsius. While the heat wave is likely to intensify further in the next few days, the good news is that with monsoon arriving in Kerala on June 1, the state can expect monsoon rains by June second week.The famous tourist destination of Khajuraho registered a maximum temperature of 44.9 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. It was also the hottest day this season for Bhopal. The temperature rose to 43 degrees Celsius in Bundelkhand, Vindhyachal and Gwalior Chambal regions. The met officials said the state will continue to experience heat wave conditions as dry weather is likely to prevail in the next few days. Meanwhile, for the state capital it was one of the hottest days of the season as the maximum temperature recorded was 40.8 degrees Celsius.The maximum and minimum temperature among the four main cities- of Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 43.0 and 24.6 degrees.The maximum temperature at Indore stood at 40.2 degrees Celsius and minimum registered was 24.6 degrees.Gwalior recorded a maximum of 43 degrees and the minimum there remained at 25.8 degrees C. The maximum of Jabalpur was 41.3 and minimum was 26.6 degrees C. In the forecast for Bhopal on Thursday, the weathermen said by and large, prevailing weather conditions would continue in the city.Monsoon on courseThe possibility of southwest monsoon hitting Madhya Pradesh on time has gone higher after the Meteorological Department predicted June 1 as the arrival of monsoon in Kerala. Based on the data the officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle believed that monsoon would be \"average\" this year and will reach by June 20.\"Though the official date of monsoon is June 13 for the state, past few years' trend suggest that it arrives three to four days late. This time too the first spell of monsoon showers are expected around June 20\", said Met director D P Dubey.The picture would be clear after monsoon hits the Kerala coast, he added. The weathermen predict that like last year this time too Rewa, Sagar, Jabalpur, Bhopal and Shahdol divisions would receive good monsoon.Bhopal's date with monsoon2001 June 12; 2002 June 22; 2003 June 19; 2004 June 16; 2005 June 24; 2006 June 29; 2007 June 28; 2008 June 14; 2009 June 28; 2010 June 17; 2011 June 18", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13187442", "title": "India excites US study group", "text": "JAIPUR: Like the last two years, this year also a group of students from Tennessee (USA) has been in Jaipur since May 11 with an objective to explore Indian culture, and study human geography and history as part of their educational curriculum in India.Mesmerized by the unique culture and natural wonders of the country, Keith Bell, a US professor, said, \"Indian programme is of great interest in the US and we want more American students to learn and understand India as bilateral relationship between the countries is getting better by each year. There are also immense possibilities of trade and cultural exchanges. So, it makes sense for US students to understand this beautiful and diverse country.\"Jake Harmic, a history professor, said, \"This has been my first enlightening visit. Now, I can teach my students about Indian history that interestingly and beautifully keeps on changing at each phase.\"When asked about her experience in India during the educational programme, Chelsea, a student summed up her experience in three words, \"Just loving it.\"Contributing to the country on each visit by doing a bit of social work has been a practice for them. This year also the group has pitched in to improve sanitation conditions in villages, and has donated food and stationary to NGOs here. Shaila, another intern at the programme, said, \"It was a heart warming experience to visit 'Taabar', an NGO, where we taught the students about rivers and mountains on maps, and made them play games with the globe.\"Ramesh Paliwal, secretary of Taabar said, \"These US students create motivation among the students here to study and also develop a curiosity in them to know about the world outside India.\"According to their internship criteria, the student group will remain in the city till May 25, 2012 visiting local schools, hospitals, ayurvedic clinics, archeological sites and small scale industries.\"These kinds of events have been of great success and received well in the rural areas and people look forward for the same\", says Jaideo Rathore, an organizer of such programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13185801", "title": "Lucknow University 'clean chit' to passport officer in cheating case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University on Wednesday gave a 'clean chit' to regional passport officer Jai Prakash Singh who was caught cheating in law exams on December 22 last year. Singh, who is pursuing LLB (three years) from Narvadeshwar Law College, an associated college of LU, was caught red-handed while appearing for his fourth exam titled- Labour Law-I. His roll number was 10055085079.LU spokesman Prof Rajesh Mishra said, \"The university failed to found enough evidence against him. Hence, no action can be taken against him.''Sources, however, said in majority of cases students caught using unfair means are booked and action is taken. \"But this was a special case because of the position Singh holds,'' said a source.Generally when a student is caught cheating, a subject expert is called to check if there is any connection between the matter written in the chit and the subject. \"In Singh's case, the chit was said to have been blank,'' said a university official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13185216", "title": "Swanky new Great Eastern may be thrown open by year-end", "text": "KOLKATA: Ever wondered what's been happening to that piece of nostalgia called Great Eastern Hotel, which has been out of bounds to us for years now? You knew that work was on to restore it and perhaps add new wings to modernize it. That was evident from the pristine white structures that have come up along British India Street and Waterloo Street - the two sides of the erstwhile frontage. But what is happening in its innermost vaults? What do the new interiors look like? How far is the structure from completion?With all these questions in mind, TOI walked into those hallowed portals of the 172-year-old hotel, the mind walking back in time. The hotel, that started its journey in 1840, was the country's first luxury or star category hotel, if that means anything to a generation that is used to terms like 'boutique' and 'seven star'. The facade of the old wing will remain intact in conformity with heritage rules. The TOI team walked down the erstwhile central passage till it reached two flights of staircases leading up to those parts of the building where construction is on. Much is yet to be done to the old building, but a lot has been achieved in the middle and rear portions of the building where glass panels, lobbies, massive bay windows, wood panels, rows of rooms complete with rich wooden doors and ornate staircase are already in place.Work is on in full swing and it is amazing how the ancient and damaged parts of the erstwhile hotel are metamorphosing into niches, corners, vaults and pillars. Some robust iron beams from the past are being reused, considering their unfailing strength even today. What would perhaps strike anyone who has had an experience of the earlier hotel that grew dark and dank with the passage of years, is that the present version has light streaming in from all sides and even the building's top. In order to let in diffused light from the top, a translucent atrium has been created atop the central part of the hotel.\"There were two daunting tasks ahead of us - to strengthen the facade of the old building and to create spaces or visual effects that would make the building look spacious. You must remember that space is a major constraint in the case of the Great Eastern Hotel,\" explained Dulal Mukherjee, the city-based architect of the new hotel. \"While keeping the heritage intact, take the grand staircase for example, which is being completely restored, we had to ring in contemporary designs and concepts, like a two-level basement parking. When the hotel is completed, you will be amazed to see the water bodies and landscaped gardens around the courtyard that will make you forget the reality of its crammed and extremely congested surroundings,\" Mukherjee added.While the entrance of the hotel was earlier on Old Court House Street and was popularly called a pedestrian entrance since cars with passengers could not roll in, the architects of the Lalit Great Eastern Hotel, as it has been rechristened, have designed a grand entrance and driveway through Waterloo Street. While greenery around and on the erstwhile campus has always been a problem, the present hotel promises to have a lot of greens both inside and outside. Spaces have been created for this and the latest technology for indoor plantation is being rung in by a Singapore-based architect for this by the present owners of the hotel.\"We hope to throw the hotel open to guests by the end of the year or latest by early 2013. With 244 rooms and suites, four exclusive fine dining restaurants and bars, the biggest banqueting and conference facilities in Kolkata and all five-star deluxe facilities, we hope to offer quite an experience in Kolkata,\" said a spokesperson of the Lalit Suri group from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189720", "title": "Officer probing co-operative bodies attacked, fights for life", "text": "BANGALORE: Armed men attacked a top officer of a government auditing agency investigating controversial co-operative societies. S P Mahantesh, deputy director, directorate of cooperative audit, is battling for life at the Mallige Hospital after he was hit on the head with a rod several times on Palace Road around 8.30pm on Tuesday.With police ruling out gain as a motive, they are looking if the attack was linked to Mahantesh's work. A police officer said none of his valuables was missing , indicating it was a clear attempt to harm him.Mahantesh is believed to have been part of the audit of several co-operatives , including the BEML Employees' Cooperative Society, in the news over fraudulent allotment of sites to non-members .Attacked officer helped bust co-operative scamsBangalore: SP Mahantesh, deputy director, directorate of co-operative audit, who was brutally attacked on Tuesday evening, had been probing the site allotment controversy involving several co-operative societies, including BEML Employees Co-operative Society.Mahantesh was headed from his MS Buildings office to his Chamarajpet residence when he was dragged out of his Maruti 800 car and hit with a rod. The attack happened in front of the residence of the chief justice of the Karnataka High Court. Security guards at Hotel Atria spotted him lying in a pool of blood and rushed him to Mallige Hospital. Doctors said he is on life support.While autorickshaw drivers who rushed to his rescue claimed he was beaten up in the car's back seat, hotel guards said he was attacked and thrown by the roadside.A whistleblower who has unearthed several irregularities involving societies told TOI: \"Although I have not come in contact with him, our sources had received from him some documents which helped us to unearth scams in many co-operative societies in the city. We've been told he had audit documents pertaining to eight societies, including the BEML Employees' Co-operative Society.\"Senior police officers visited the scene of the crime and the hospital. \"The motive is yet to be ascertained. High Grounds police are investigating,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime-east ) B Dayananda.Mahantesh's family and colleagues are not aware if he had any rivalry . \"Nothing has come to our notice. He is a soft-spoken , non-controversial person. In his 18 years of service, there has been no problem,\" said SB Girish, Mahantesh's brother-in-law and executive engineer with BMRC.Mahantesh's wife, Poornima KS, was shattered by the turn of events. She said she was not aware of any threat to his life. \"We came to know about the incident around 10pm. We were first told there'd been an accident. Only on reaching the hospital did we realize he had been attacked,\" Girish said.NEEDLE OF SUSPICIONThe directorate of co-operative audit, where Mahantesh (in pic) worked, looks beyond routine audit of societies and probes administrative lapses, deviation from bylaws and discharge of responsibilities by boards. Mahantesh is in charge of auditing documents of several housing co-operative societies which have allegedly broken rules in site allotments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13191491", "title": "Chandigarh: ICSE board to declare results tomorrow", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Putting an end to anxious moments of Chandigarh students waiting for Class X and XII ICSE results, the official website of the ICSE on Wednesday posted that results for ICSE-2012 and ISC-2012 will be declared on Saturday May 19 at 3pm.The result can be checked on the internet on www.cisce.indiaresults.com, www.cisce.ndtv.com, www.cisce.examresults.net, www.cisce.myschool.in.com, www.cisce.topperlearning.com, www.cisce.timesofindia.com, www.cisce.navbharattimes.com.There are five ICSE schools in the city -- St Kabir School in Sector 26, Strawberry Field World School in Sector 26, St Xavier's School in Sector 44, St Stephen School in Sector 45 and Tender Heart School in Sector 33. St Xavier's School in Mohali and Panchkula, Saupins in Panchkula and Yadvindra Public School in Mohali are other ICSE schools of the Tricity.The procedure for checking the result has been kept user friendly. All that students need to do is to log on the website and enter their roll numbers. All principals have also been provided with personalized passwords to view school results.The results will also be available through SMS. For this students need to send SMS to numbers 51818, 56263, 58888, 5676750, 56388 and 54242.The news has created a buzz and has increased the anxiety of students. Ayesha Kapoor, who appeared in Class X exams, said, \"I have been eagerly awaiting result. However, I was relaxed but as I got to know about the exact date I'm scared.\"\"I have my fingers crossed. I was very confused during exams and I really hope it doesn't reflect in my marks,\" said Riya Sharma, who appeared in Class XII non medical stream exams recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "13194268", "title": "Hyderabad cops in Bangalore for leads in explosion case", "text": "Rajahmundry: A day after a mysterious blast rocked the town's bustling Tilaknagar area and injured a software engineer who was allegedly making a bomb, police is still to arrive at a satisfactory explanation for the incident.A special team was sent to Bangalore on Wednesday to glean details about techie and alleged bomb-maker Seetaramayya Chenna Basavayya Jagadish alias Jagadish, 36, who runs a computer institute in the Karnataka capital. His wife, too, is a software engineer.Three cellphones and SIM cards, iron balls used in bicycle rims and battery-operated clocks were recovered from the room, which was completely damaged in the blast. Police sources said that the techie was trying to connect the bomb assembled inside a wall clock to a computer when it went off. The size of the other bombs and material found in the room, including a timer device and iron pipes filled with chemicals, raised suspicions about the possibility of Jagadish having connections with Maoists or other extremists.Police are also verifying the call details of the techie's cellphones. Jagadish was believed to have been making the bomb by taking instructions from unidentified persons. Although it was on, the computer was not in operation when cops entered the house after the explosion. Sources said that every time during his visits, Jagadish would lock himself up in his room to work on the computer. Jagadish, who has been shifted to Sarojini Eye Hospital in Hyderabad, has developed serious hearing problems as both his eardrums were damaged in the blast. The techie also has an eye that is now totally damaged and also lost both hands in the blast.Urban SP T Ravikumar Murthy told TOI that teams had been formed to probe the case. \"At present, we cannot say whether Jagadish has any links with terrorists or not,\" he said. The accused reportedly has admitted to investigators that he was indeed trying to make the bomb when it exploded. But police are also clueless as to why he had used firecracker material . \"He was filling the explosive material emptied from firecrackers into amplifier boxes at his brother-in-law's house,\" Murthy said. Police are gathering details of his recent visits to the town. Police are also probing Jagadish's brother-in-law B Venkata Ramakrishna, a cable operator and a sub-contractor for Gammon India Company. \"It is not possible to procure the explosive material in a single day. We are suspecting that the bomb might have been at least a couple of weeks in the making,\" a police officialsaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13183893", "title": "Colleges in Madhya Pradesh directed to start online admission from May 20", "text": "BHOPAL: The state higher education department has on Wednesday directed the government and private colleges in the state to introduce under-graduate level online registration for admissions.The online registration for the next academic session will be organised from May 20 to June 10. Students will have four days from June 18 to 21 to take admission in colleges.According to the higher education department guidelines, students can download application form from the official website of the department. The department has also uploaded a format which will guide the students to fill the application form.The verification of the documents will be done from May 21 to June 11, a department spokesman said. Students can verify their documents from any government college. After the verification of documents, students have to deposit the fee at the allotted college which they have to do from June 18 to 21. Admission of students who fail to deposit the fee will be cancelled, the spokesman said.Students who fail to get the online admission in their desired courses or colleges can take admission against the available vacant seats. The higher education department has made it clear that the allotment on the vacant seats on reapplying may be accepted or rejected.Students can also appear for the college level counseling after they fail to take on-line admission in their choice of colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13177790", "title": "Ensure ample supply of seeds, fertilizers, Nitin Raut tells officials", "text": "YAVATMAL: District guardian minister Nitin Raut on Monday instructed district agriculture officials to take all possible measures to avoid shortage of seeds and fertilisers for the ensuing kharif sowing and ensure that there would be no hoarding and black marketing of these commodities during the sowing season. Raut was addressing a review meeting of the officers about preparations for the kharif sowing on Tuesday.Agriculture officials told Raut that 8.87 lakh hectare land would be brought under kharif sowing in the district. About 2.5 lakh packets of hybrid cotton seeds are required and there would not be any shortage of it. Similarly, 1.30 lakh packets of soyabean seeds are required and since many companies would be providing the seeds, there would be no shortage in this case either.The district needs 1.78 lakh metric tonnes of fertilisers for the kharif sowing of which 77,654 metric tonnes are available and hence there would be no shortage of fertilisers during the kharif sowing, said district collector Shravan Hardikar.According to district agriculture superintending officer Kashinath Tarkase, 17 special squads have already been set up to oversee the quality of seeds, fertilisers and pesticides. Efforts are afoot to check black marketing as well as sale of substandard commodities and the farmers are requested to lodge complaint on the helpline 1101, he added.According to Raut, a sum of Rs1,062 crore is earmarked for the crop loan during the kharif sowing of which a sum of Rs 427 crore is targeted for the District Central Co-Operative Bank.The participation of the nationalized banks in the distribution of crop loan is much lesser than what is expected anually, the Minister said and urged the District Collector to take up the issue with the bank representatives so that they would complete their respective targets.The district is facing the problem of rack point and measures are already taken to open a rack point at Kayar in Wani, he further informed. Regarding the cotton production, Raut said that during the last season, 38 lakh quintal cotton was produced in the district and it would be increased this time. He urged the officers to oversee how water resource, water conservation and irrigation could be coordinated to have a better and effective output this year.The ministers and MLAs present at the meeting have also made various suggestions to have a better preparation for the kharif crop sowing in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13179166", "title": "Medical interns to get higher stipends from this session", "text": "NAGPUR: In the peak of summer last year, medical interns across the state had gone on a hunger strike for a week. They were demanding a hike in their stipend, which was only 2,550. A year on, their demand has finally been accepted, with the state government raising the stipend to Rs 6,000 from this academic session.The interns had actually demanded their stipends should be raised to 13,000 since a Supreme Court ruling said that interns were entitled to at least half the amount paid to resident doctors, which is 25,500 in the state. Despite being home to the highest number of medical colleges, the stipend paid to interns in Maharashtra has been the lowest in the country. Until 2009, it was 1,700, when it was increased by 850 after a stir by the interns. Ironically, the interns at veterinary colleges in the state were drawing a higher stipend at 4,000.\"Even though the hiked stipend is still lower than that in many states, it is good to see that the demands made last year have been fulfilled. We may not be able to benefit from it but many of our juniors surely will,\" said Abhinav Jogani, a final year student of Government Medical College and Hospital, Nagpur.Former president of Association of State Medical Interns (ASMI) from Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Dr S Abhisheik, one of the doctors on strike last year, said, \"It is a proud feeling that our efforts bore fruits so that our juniors can benefit. There is a need for periodic revision of take-home amounts for the interns.\"Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) was one of the many organizations supporting the interns. \"For a decent standard of living, a person should be earning at least 100 every day, but what they get is something between 80 and 85. Even in terms of other amenities, there is a stark difference in those for residents and interns,\" said Dr Pankaj Nalawade, president of MARD.During the strike, the interns had made some other demands like better accommodation and food, as most hostels in government medical colleges are notorious for bad sanitation and infrastructure.This problem, however, may take very long to be sorted out.Stipend in other statesWest Bengal - 14,000New Delhi - 13,000Assam - 12,500Orissa - 9,600Karnataka - 8,500Tamil Nadu - 8,000Uttar Pradesh - 7,500Bihar and Jharkhand - 7,000Chhattisgarh - 5,200Madhya Pradesh - 5,000(All figures in Rs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13179119", "title": "MKCG renovation after roof chip-off", "text": "Berhampur: The indoor building of MKCG Medical College and Hospital here will be renovated soon. The decision was taken after a concrete slab fell from the roof of the gynaecology ward on Tuesday. A woman sustained minor injuries. Her three-day-old infant escaped because the grandmother had taken him outside the ward. The patient was shifted to a cabin immediately after the mishap, sources said.\"We along with the engineers of the works department rushed to the hospital and inspected the building and discussed it with the hospital authorities,\" said MLA (Berhampur) R Ch Chyaupatnaik. The discussion was also held to declare the 45-year-old building unsafe. The engineers, however, suggested that there was no need to declare the entire three-storey building unsafe, he said.At present, the building accommodates over 1,080 patients in 15 major departments. The medical college has 31 departments both at the under graduate and post graduate-levels. \"There is no need to declare the entire building unsafe,\" said executive engineer, PWD (Berhampur) Simanchal Moharana said. He, however, said the PWD would take up renovation work soon and the government has sanctioned about Rs 93.6 lakh for it.Medical college authorities and MLA suggested that the renovation work should be taken jointly by the works and public health department (PHD) because the water was leaking from water tanks at several places. The health minister, Prasanna Acharya , has been apprised of Tuesday's incident, the MLA said. He has been asked to sanction more funds to give a facelift to the indoor building for the safety of patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13192027", "title": "Doctor charged with rape for going back on marriage promise", "text": "CHENNAI: A 39-year-old paediatric cardiologist working at a hospital in Mogappair was arrested on charges of rape on Tuesday night.Police said Dr C Yogesh, a native of Maharashtra, began an affair with Dr Preethi, an anaesthetist, four months ago with a promise of marriage. He also told her that he had filed a petition in the family court to dissolve his first marriage.\"Dr Yogesh who got married in June 2010 has been living separately,\" a police officer said. Dr Yogesh promised to marry Dr Preethi, a native of Thiruvananthapuram, saying that he would divorce his wife as there were no legal issues involved, said Thirumangalam inspector Geetha.Dr Yogesh made a false promise to marry the complainant only with the intention of having a physical relationship, she said. Even after forcing her to undergo abortion once, he refused to marry her, following which she lodged a complaint with the Thirumangalam All-Women Police Station. He was booked under IPC section 376 (rape) and remanded in judicial custody.The slapping of charges under IPC section 376 has again brought to the fore the argument about a sexual relationship involving consenting adults.Advocate Sudha Ramalingam said a consensual relationship between two adults would not amount to rape. Even if they entered into such a relationship on a false promise of marriage it should amount only to cheating and breach of trust, she said.A few months ago, a judge of the Madurai bench of the Madras HC had set aside a lower court judgment that because a complainant had admitted to consenting to sexual intercourse after the accused promised to marry her it did not attract section 376 (rape). The HC judge said, \"A consent is not such a consent as is intended by any section of this code if the consent is given by a person under fear of injury, or under a misconception of fact.\" Giving consent on the false promise of marriage amounted to misconception, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13189540", "title": "Goa to make foray into forensic dentistry", "text": "PANAJI: The Dental Council of India has approved a three-year master of dental surgery (MDS) course in forensic dentistry.Forensic dentistry or forensic odontology is the proper handling, examination and evaluation of dental evidence.\"The proposal to have MDS in forensic dentistry has been approved by the Dental Council of India at a meeting on May 14 at Chandigarh. The proposal will now be sent to the central government for an issuance of notification,\" said Dr Ajit Dinkar, professor at Goa Dental College, who is also a member of Dental Council of India.Dental Council of India is a statutory body incorporated to regulate dental education and the profession of dentistry throughout India.Dr Dinkar explained that forensic dentistry is the need of the hour and there are hardly any qualified forensic dentists in the country. Forensic dentists are responsible for six main areas of practice which include identification of human remains, identification in mass fatalities, assessment of bite mark injuries, assessment of cases of abuse (child, spousal, elderly) and age estimation.The evidence that may be derived from teeth is age (in children) and identification of the person to whom the teeth belong. This is done using dental records including radiographs, antemortem (prior to death) and postmortem photographs and DNA. \"In Goa, we get several cases of drowning deaths, which are referred to us for forensic dentistry,\" said Dr Dinkar.The other type of evidence is that of bite marks left on either the victim (by the attacker), the perpetrator (from the victim of an attack), or on an object found at the crime scene. Bite marks are often found on children who are abused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13179006", "title": "Former minister's brother suspected in Bhubaneswar firing case", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The role of Khirod Chandra Mallick, an NGO activist and brother of former minister Pramila Mallick, in connection with a firing incident in the city is under the scanner with police suspecting his involvement in the case.Mallick, founder of an NGO, came under police glare after his driver Biswanath Pradhan, who was earlier arrested in the shooting incident, told police that he had engineered the gun attack on Namita Padhi. The girl, who works in a BPO, was injured after being shot at in Mancheswar industrial area here on April 13.\"Pradhan said he was mobilized by Mallick to eliminate the girl, who used to work in his NGO earlier. The exact cause of Mallick's grudge against the girl is not known,\" inspector-in-charge of Mancheswar police station, Priyaranjan Satpathy told TOI. \"Neither the driver nor the victim's family could tell us the motive behind the attack. We suspect she was targeted because of some monetary dispute,\" he added.\"Since Mallick is a suspect, we raided his offices in Sambalpur and Delhi, but could not find him,\" Satpathy said. Police recently came under fire for allegedly attempting to protect Mallick.However, Mallick's lawyer Dharanidhar Nayak said, \"My client has nothing to do with the attack on the girl. The Orissa High Court on Tuesday heard his anticipatory bail application and asked him to move the sub-divisional judicial magistrate, Bhubaneswar, within four weeks.\" Police on April 20 arrested three men in connection with the attack on Padhi outside her office. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184418", "title": "Mamata govt's anniversary plan: Bengal ministers to visit districts", "text": "KOLKATA: State cabinet ministers are set to visit the districts to highlight and showcase the achievements of the government to mark the completion of its first year in office.This issue of how the government will be showcasing its achievements was discussed in the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday. The government will release a book on its achievements on the opening day of Pragati Fair at Milan Mela ground on Saturday. The Mamata Banerjee-government will complete one year in the office on May 20.Sources said the chief minister has discussed last minute preparedness for the Milan Mela event with all ministers. All government departments will set up stalls at the fair to display what they have done in last one year. Officials from all departments are compiling what that they have done in last one year for the display at the fair. The ministers are also gearing up for the event.The department of information and culture is ready with a book that will highlight the government's achievements in the last one year, giving details of works done and ongoing projects of all departments. The book will also have pictures of all the historic moments like Mamata's swearing-in ceremony, US secretary of state Hillary Clinton's visit and snapshots of the CM with several celebrities like Sharmila Tagore and the state's brand ambassador Shah Rukh Khan .The chief minister has asked all the ministers to do their best in implementing the projects. Besides, ministers will visit several districts to highlight what the government has done in last one year. The CM has been taking stock of the progress of work in the last few cabinet meetings and has been asking all ministers and departments to pull up their socks.Apart from setting up stalls, the one-year celebration will also include several cultural programmes at Netaji Indoor Stadium, Nandan and at metro channel. Several hoardings and placards and tableaus will also be displayed across the city, showcasing the government's achievements over the past one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13192067", "title": "Chennai police quarters turn killer's hideout, now under vigilance", "text": "CHENNAI: With investigators discovering that A Ramajayam, charged with killing Maduravoyal pawnbroker Gunaram, was hiding under their nose in the Thousand Lights police quarters while they hunted for him high and low for close to a month, all police quarters in the city have been put under the scanner.A team of senior police officials visited the Thousand Lights police quarters and instructed residents to be alert about strangers and inform their seniors if they come across any suspicious person. Similar instructions have been passed on to over 9,000 police quarters in city to prevent a similar embarrassment in the future.During a check at the Thousand Lights police quarters on Wednesday, police officers came across another man who made frequent visits to an Armed Reserve police constable's house. Neighbours complained that the man even stayed over at the house for a couple of days. Though the policewoman who lives there said the man was a relative, a report has been forwarded to her seniors and she is likely to be questioned.After Ramajayam was caught by the police when he attempted to rob a woman in Pallikaranai, the police found that he made frequent visits to a traffic policeman's house in Thousand Lights. Investigators found that Ramajayam had a relationship with the sister-in-law of traffic policeman Jai Shankar. He even used the policeman's motorbike to commit the offence.The police released CCTV footage of the killer in the pawnbroker's shop and it was telecast by television channels for days after the murder, but none of the cops in the Thousand Lights police quarters could identify Ramajayam, least of all Jai Shankar.Officers said Jai Shankar claimed he was unaware of Ramajayam's activities and did not recognise his image in television and newspaper reports. He is likely to face departmental action. Though a person is appointed to oversee activities in every police quarters, they are also assigned other jobs. Now these policemen will only keep checks on security in the quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178962", "title": "Don\u2019t want Armed Forces Special Powers Act shield: CRPF brass", "text": "NEW DELHI: CRPF top brass on Wednesday distanced itself from a senior officer's demand that the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) cover be extended to the paramilitary force to tackle the Maoist scourge.D K Pandey, a CRPF inspector-general (IG) posted in Ranchi and in-charge of anti-Maoist operations for the central force in Jharkhand, had made the pitch, which is seen to be his personal view.Speaking to TOI, CRPF director-general K Vijay Kumar rubbished the demand for AFSPA for anti-Maoist operations. \"We certainly don't want AFSPA. As long as we are covered by Section 197 CrPC, which gives our officers immunity against prosecution, we are fine,\" he said.According to Clause 2 of Sec 197 CrPC, \"No court shall take cognizance of any offence alleged to have been committed by any member of the Armed Forces of the Union acting or purporting to act in the discharge of his official duty, except with the previous sanction of the Central Government.\"Senior CRPF officers in charge of operations in other Maoist-hit states, too, said AFSPA is not required. \"We don't need to go overboard. That will only alienate the people further and aggravate the Maoist problem,\" said a senior CRPF official.At a meeting, held at the CRPF headquarters on April 20, to review anti-Maoist operations, Pandey sponsored the agenda point relating to imposition of the draconian AFSPA in \"at least selective pockets\" in Jharkhand if it is not possible in the entire state. Pandey, a 1984-batch IPS officer of Jharkhand cadre and currently on deputation to the CRPF, was, however, not present at the meeting.The agenda point, sponsored by Pandey, said, \"In the present system, Jharkhand Police is requisitioning CRPF for providing troops for anti-Naxal ops. CRPF is not in a position to launch any operation of its own. Therefore, our achievement is subject to proactive approach of State police. Hence, CRPF should be given Armed Forces Special Powers (AFSPA) for at least six months.\"Now, 16 CRPF units and two CoBRA units are deployed in Jharkhand to assist the state police in anti-Maoist operations.\"I stick to my stand on AFSPA that I spelled out last year,\" said the CRPF chief. Last November, Kumar had said CRPF was amenable to withdrawal of AFSPA from certain areas of Jammu &amp; Kashmir, which was in line with Union home ministry's stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184281", "title": "Film by 25 directors in Kolkata on May 25", "text": "KOLKATA: Woody Allen's Oscar winning 'Midnight in Paris' (for screenplay) or the critically acclaimed and Viola Davis-starrer 'The Help' might have missed a screening in Kolkata, but the city is set for the premiere of an independent film, 'The Owner' at the Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute on May 25.Even if the film, has been shot by 25 filmmakers from five continents, fails to impress viewers, there are chances of it finding a place Even if it fails to impress viewers, it may find space in the Guinness Book of World Records. There may not be any other film in the world with 25 directors who haven't met in person even once.The film will premiere at theatres across the world like USA, UK, Germany, Dubai and South Africa but Kolkata and Mumbai are the only Indian cities where it will be screened on that day.The storyline promises to be interesting. A first venture by Collabfeature - a group of 25 independent filmmakers from across the world - The Owner covers the journey of a backpack that travels the globe in search of its owner. The directors never met but knit the story over the internet before starting to film it. Four of the filmmakers are from India.Varun Mathur and Vishesh Mankal are from New Delhi, and Neha Raheja Thakker and Asmit Pathare hail from Mumbai.The movie, which has the length of a feature film, comprise length but will compose of 25 short clips by the 25 filmmakers. Each clip is of two to five minute duration. One of the short clips features Nawazuddin Siddiquie of Kahaani-fame (who played Khan, the IB officer).\"We were approached by US-based filmmakers Marty Shea and Ian Bommer who are also part of the team of directors. We were asked to pitch in with the stories as well. This is unique and very fresh,\" said Thakker, an architect by profession.After completing her course in architecture, Thakker obtained a diploma in filmmaking from the New York University . It was she who arranged for the screening at Mumbai. She was then approached by the Kolkata-based SRFTI for a screening in the city.\"This kind of filmmaking is unique and innovative and this is the first time such a movie has been made in the world. It's a cult,\" said Saikat Sekhareshwar Rai, assistant professor (editing), SRFTIwho took the initiative of arranging the screening in the city. The film will be screened from 6pm at the college auditorium and entry will be free for all cinema-loving people. to the college auditorium at 6pm on the day the film is screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13189559", "title": "Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party backs village panchayat candidate, BJP irked", "text": "PONDA: Senior BJP leader Sandip Khandeparkar has alleged that Ponda MGP MLA Lavoo Mamledar has breached the \"coalition dharma\" by personally canvassing for his opponent in the village panchayat polls at Khandepar.Khandeparkar, who had contested the assembly polls in 2007 on a BJP ticket, is now contesting from Bazaar Kadsal ward of Curti-Khandepar village panchayat.Khandeparkar told the media that although the panchayat polls are not fought on party lines, the alliance MLA Mamledar should not canvass personally for any specific candidate, since BJP and MGP have formed a coalition government in the state.Showing a card published by a candidate together with the photo of the Ponda MLA, Khandeparkar said the MLA should not ask voters to vote against any candidate from his coalition partner as it went against the spirit of 'coalition Dharma.' Refuting the allegations, Mamledar said that since the elections are not contested on party level, there was no question of breach in 'Coalition Dharma'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13178803", "title": "Man kills mentally disturbed wife, daughter", "text": "NAGPUR: A 50-year-old man was arrested for killing his wife and 21-year-old daughter after having a heated argument with his wife. The incident took place at the couple's residence at Aroli on Tuesday night.Vishnu Devangan was arrested while he claimed to be going to the police station, said police. Cops said that his wife Shamabai (45) was mentally disturbed since last many years and since last few months his daughter Nargis too was showing signs of psychological problems.According to the police, Devangan was frustrated with looking after his wife and daughter. On Tuesday, he attacked them in a rage after an argument on a petty issue.Police said that on Tuesday evening Devangan had taken Nargis to a doctor for her regular treatment. When they returned home, Nargis refused to take the prescribed medicines and hence Devangan scolded Nargis. This led to an argument between the father and daughter. \"In the quarrel, Nargis abused Devangan which angered him and he started hitting her with a stick,\" said police.Shamabai intervened to resolve the dispute, but Devangan abused and thrashed her too. Meanwhile, Nargis fled the house with Devangan chasing her with an axe. Some distance from their house, Devangan hit Nargis thrice, killing her on the spot. He then walked home and killed Shamabai too. Cops said Devangan left the axe beside his wife while leaving home after killing her.The villagers who saw Nargis being killed by Devangan immediately alerted Aroli police. Police have registered a case of double murder against Devangan.Police said Devangan hails from Chhattisgarh and has been staying in Aroli since last seven years. He and his family would earn their livelihood by working as daily way labourers. Nargis was the youngest daughter of three children. Her elder sister is married and stays at Chhattisgarh while a brother stays with the family but had gone to their native place three days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13177160", "title": "\u2018Autonomous\u2019 NCERT should retain toons", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has maintained that NCERT is an autonomous body. Well, if the insistence is correct, the cartoons which triggered a political storm should stay in the textbooks.A month before the row over the cartoons erupted, leading to the decision to banish them, NCERT had defended their use in textbooks, even telling the National Commission for SCs that there was nothing offensive about the B R Ambedkar cartoon as was being made out.After the dalit panel expressed concern over the offensive depiction of the father of Indian Constitution, the NCERT wrote back on April 18, saying, \"The cartoon in question comments on the making of the Constitution rather than makers of the Constitution.\"The council's upfront defence was contrary to HRD minister Kapil Sibal's stance that the cartoons were inappropriate. Sibal has since drawn flak from commentators for political capitulation at the cost of constitutional freedom of expression.A group in April 10 handed NCSC chairman P L Punia a copy of the cartoons from the textbook 'Bharat ka Sanvidhan'. In response to a query from the panel, NCERT said the book had nothing offensive. It said the textbooks \"provided extensive coverage to the immense contribution of Baba Saheb Dr B R Ambedkar to Indian society. He is hailed as the principal architect of the Constitution of India\".The council added, \"Political cartoons were used as a source of learning in all the political science textbooks of classes IX-XII. Chapter 1, 'Constitution: why and how?' explains the process of making the Constitution in general and the Constitution of India in particular. The cartoon in question comments on the making of the Constitution rather than makers of the Constitution.\"The defence that the textbook eulogized Ambedkar showed that NCERT was confident of its decision on the toons, marking that HRD minister's bowing to the anger in Parliament was dictated by political concerns. Many Congressmen felt the government had acted in haste.Insiders said Congress was in a spot. While it was loathe to be on the wrong side of dalit uproar, it knew that agreeing with the protests would dent its equity with the liberal constituency. A leader said it was keen to ward off political costs, compounded by BSP chief Mayawati's emergence on the Delhi scene.The dalit leader has taken to targeting Congress since she shifted to Delhi from Lucknow, painting it as \"anti-dalit\" during the debate on Supreme Court decision to strike down reservation in promotions. She again targeted the Congress in the toon row. The Centre has called an all-party meeting on May 23 to discuss ways of neutralizing the apex court order quashing 'promotion quota'.Congress leaders said with crises on dalit front accumulating, Congress opted for the easy way out of the political mess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181097", "title": "Manager of health insurance firm booked in Rs 12.5 lakh cheating case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The manager of a private health insurance TPA company, Pranav Vaidya, has been booked for a case of cheating worth Rs 12.5 lakh. According to a complaint lodged at the Navrangpura police station by chief coordinator of Dedicator Health Care Service TPA Private Ltd, Vaidya, who is the Gujarat operations manager of the company had siphoned off money through fake insurance claims.\"The private company acts on behalf of insurance companies to settle claims of insurance policy holders. Vaidya has been working in the company since 2008. His job profile was to sanction claims of various insurance companies and send these claims for final clearance to its headquarters in Mumbai,\" said Navrangpura police officials.On February 19, an investigating team of the TPA company paid a visit to Gujarat and scrutinized claims passed by the company till date. In a random survey they found that some claims, which had been settled, did not have inward or outward entries which meant that they were not genuine.For example: Naresh Parmar of Ahmedabad was a claimant of November 2011. Parmar's claim was of Rs 3.34 lakh for treatment at the Shalby Hospital. There were no corresponding entries to this claim. When the investigating team checked at the hospital, there was no such patient ever admitted.\"Several other similar fake claims were unearthed in which Purvi Parekh of Ahmedabad was named as claimant. She is supposed to have been treated at a hospital in Ahmedabad. Investigators later found that Purvi is Vaidya's wife. Using her maiden name, he had claimed Rs 29,000,\" said Navrangpura police.There was one claim where the policy holder's name was Usha Parekh. In this case, a correction letter had been sent to the headquarters saying that the name of the policy holder was wrongly printed and that the correct name was Usha Vaidya. Investigators later found out that Usha is his mother. When the sleuths dug further they found that there was an original policy holder by the name of Usha Parekh but she was 22-year-old. The claim was passed for his mother who is a 60-year-old.A total of 11 such cases have been unearthed by the insurance company officials which amount to a fraud of Rs 12.5 lakh. Investigators have spoken to all policy holders who said that they have not made any such claims and they did not get money. \"On February 22, Vaidya was called to the Mumbai headquarters for interrogation where he confessed to forgery. He has been terminated from company rolls. Police officials believe that there could be many more such cases but that investigation has to be carried out by the company,\" said police officials.How the racket blewThe manager Pranav has powers to pass claims worth Rs 25,000; if the claim crossed more than Rs 25,000 it had to be sent to the company. However, since he was an old employee, senior company officials often allowed claims sanctioned by him for greater amount. However, Naresh Parmar's Rs 3.24 lakh claim was submitted and sanctioned online within a matter of four minutes. This got the insurance company officials suspicious. This worked as an effective whistle blower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180930", "title": "Chief minister wants Bawana-II by year-end", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday visited Pragati phase-III power project at Bawana to assess the current status of the mega plant. The plant is currently generating over 300 MW in module I and is still waiting for the second module to become functional. The CM directed Pragati Power Corporation Ltd ( PPCL) and BHEL to make the second module operational by the year end.The plant is currently facing problem of gas shortage which, Dikshit said, they were working to resolve. She said they were working to procure gas and that the government will take up the issue of availability of 2.8 MMSCMD gas for module-2 with Union petroleum ministry. Dikshit reiterated that they would ensure that there was sufficient power available during summer months and that there will be no shortage of power as the government has tied up for additional power to meet growing demand of power this summer.When the promised gas supply to the Bawana power station from Reliance Industries did not materialize on time, Delhi government in February had sought intervention of Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee , who heads an empowered group of ministers (EGoM) on gas allocation so that plant could at least generate 750 MW power.The EGoM in its meeting on February 24, heeding to Delhi government's request, had allocated 0.836 mmscmd (million metric standard cubic metres per day) to the plant from Reliance's Andhra offshore KG-D6 fields but the company is yet to supply the fuel. Dikshit said that a total 2.4 to MMSCMD (million metric standard cubic meter per day) has been made available for module-1 and with the ministry of petroleum had sanctioned availability of another 0.836 MMSCMD gas from KG - D-6 basin of M/s Reliance Industries Ltd. in addition to release of 1.564 MMSCMD gas. She added that 2.4 MMSCMD gas is enough to generate about 600 MW power from module-1.The chief minister also inaugurated a 220kV sub-station at Harish Chandra Mathur Lane near Kasturba Gandhi Marg. The sub-station will augment power supply to New Delhi areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13186763", "title": "Touts get savvy, sell BE, MBBS seats online", "text": "CHENNAI: Getting an engineering seat has never been easier, with admission brokers now available at the click of a button. As touts advertise admission to engineering and medical colleges online, the sale of management seats is no longer a hush-hush affair.Several websites such as olx.in, sahipasand.com and locanto.in carry advertisements that offer \"direct admission in BE/BTech through the management quota\". TOI contacted a few of these 'admission consultants' to find that seats at top medical and engineering colleges across the country were up for sale from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 12 lakh.Many of these touts operate through hole-in-the-wall offices in places like T Nagar and Teynampet in Chennai.An advertisement by Ashutosh Singh on sahipasand-. com offers career counselling , career guidance and direct admission in SRM University. When contacted, Singh asks, \"What is your budget?\"A mechanical or computer engineering seat at the SRM main campus costs between Rs6.75 lakh and Rs 7 lakh. \"Booking for the seats started in the last week of February. If you wait any longer, the rates are likely to go up,\" Singh says.Rates are a little lower for other campuses of the same institute. A seat can be had for Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh at the university's Ramapuram campus. \"The only difference is the tall buildings on the main campus ,\" says Singh.Aryan, of 'Inspire Consultancy' , has advertised on locanto.in. He offers, for a sum of Rs 15 lakh, a seat in any National Institute of Technology , which admits students through the centralized All-India Engineering Entrance Examination.\"It's a slightly illegal process but I can access your answer sheet and mark the correct answers if you are willing to pay,\" he offers. But he suggests a private university , as the process is \"safer and easier\".\"Private colleges also offer 300% placement,\" he says, referring to colleges that promise three jobs when a student graduates.Rates vary according to the courses too and you can expect to pay a heftier 'donation' if you score poorly in the class 12 exam. Seats in courses such as electronics and telecommunications engineering or electronics and instrumentation engineering are available for. 1.5 lakh. \"It is difficult to get you a seat if you score lesser than 65% in class 12,\" says Prabhat Sinha, who has put up an advertisement on olx.in. \"But we can make it possible if you are ready to pay one-and-a-half times the cost.\"Medical seats start at Rs 35 lakh for colleges affiliated to MGR University. A seat in a deemed university costs 28 lakh to 30 lakh.Sinha offers medical seats in Chennai Medical College, Raja Muthiah College , Sathya Sai Medical College and Meenakshi Medical college, among others. Medical seats are cheaper elsewhere , with seats in Karnataka on sale for 23 lakh and seats in Delhi available for as little as 10 lakh.For engineering aspirants , a mechanical engineering seat at Amity University in Noida can be bought for 4 lakh to 5 lakh and the rate at Galgotias College of Engineering and Technology, also in Noida, is 5 lakh to 8 lakh.When contacted, colleges said they were unaware about such agents or advertisements. \"We have no information about these activities. These are all unwanted elements who want to use the good name of SRM university and make some money,\" says SRM University vicechancellor Ponna Vaiko.\"All admissions at SRM are via the entrance exam and those who opt for direct admissions have to approach the admissions office directly and not through any agent,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13191634", "title": "Students can interact with Abdul Kalam on R&D;", "text": "MYSORE: To promote and create interest among students in the field of research, JSS University will organize 'Heart to heart', a two-hour interaction programme between students and former President Abdul Kalam , on Friday. The programme will be held at Sri Rajendra auditorium in JSS Medical College at 2.30pm.Briefing reporters on the programme here on Wednesday, JSS University VC S B Suresh said it is an initiative to bring students together with Kalam and to provide them a platform to discuss research and development. \"Students from all colleges can take part in the programme. Faculties will also be given a chance to interact with the former President,\" Suresh added.Around 500 students are expected to take part in the programme, and it is open for public too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "13182808", "title": "Problems galore at Rajauli checkpost", "text": "Nawada: Ever come across an integrated checkpost in the country where the drivers gleefully flee without paying taxes due to lack of barriers? Where the police officer, apprehensive of Naxal ambush, takes care to leave his service weapon behind whenever he steps out for night patrol on foot with lathi-wielding homeguard jawans; where taxes are levied only on incoming vehicles and outgoing vehicles are accorded immunity from security check; where the weigh bridge machine has remained non-functional from day one?The Integrated Checkpost (ICP), located on NH-31, at Rajauli, in Nawada district is one such checkpost beset with all these problems.Bihar deputy chief minister Sushil Modi, who inspected the ICP on May 11 along with tourism minster Sunil Kumar 'Pintu', said that much was required to be done to overcome the shortcomings. He also admitted that some officials as well as policemen deployed at the checkpost were hand-in-glove with anti-social elements and allowing vehicles to escape without paying tax.Established by the state government in 2011 on Bihar-Jharkhand border at a cost of Rs 24 crore, the Rajauli ICP, located under Hardia panchayat on NH-31 under Rajauli police station, is presently among one of the three 'functioning' integrated checkposts with Dobhi (Gaya) and Jalalpur (Siwan) in the state. The other integrated checkposts coming up at Karmanasa (Buxar) and Kathalbari (Purnia) are likely to be commissioned in June.The deputy commissioner (commercial taxes) and in-charge of the ICP, Hari Prasad Yadav, informed that the word 'Integrated' remains a misnomer as only two of the five departments are functioning here. While the sales tax and district transport offices are functional despite skeletal staff, the excise, mining and environment and forest departments remain non-starters even after nearly one year of its establishment. Rs 155 crore in the form of tax and Rs 5 crore as penalty was realized in past 10 months. NTPC , Indian Railways and TISCO figure among the penalized defaulters, added Yadav.Revenue could further increase provided there was enough means to check 250 to 300 trucks overloaded with coal and stone chips, which enter Bihar daily from adjoining Jharkhand but pass without paying tax. FIRs were lodged against more than 600 such trucks in the last fortnight with Rajauli police station. When a homeguard jawan dared to stop a fleeing truck, he was fatally run over by the driver a month ago.SI Gauri Shankar Pandey, assigned to maintain security at the checkpost, informed that the checkpost has been provided with negligible facility. He added that whenever he went out for night patrolling on foot with the lathi-wielding homeguards, he left his service revolver behind so that Naxals would not be able to seize any firearms and ammunition in case of an ambush and spare him unharmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13195136", "title": "Arjun Kapoor's next film will be with dad", "text": "Boney Kapoor has started planning a love story for his son, who recently debuted with Yash Raj FilmsHe seems to take the road less travelled, each time. Arjun Kapoor made his Bollywood debut with Yash Raj Films and not with his father Boney Kapoor's banner. However, now that he's entered B-town with a big bang , the young actor plans to return to the fold. We can tell you, the talented boy will star in papa Boney's next production and not in Y Films' Virus Diwan as was rumoured earlier.When contacted, Arjun simply said, \"Yes, I'm working with my father soon. But we haven't locked in on anything as yet.\"Probed about the film, a source revealed, \"Initially, Boney had planned to cast Arjun as the younger lead along with Anil Kapoor and Sridevi in Mr India 2 . But it is now felt that casting Sridevi and Arjun in the same film may not be such a bright idea. Boney is planning a love story for his son.\"Arjun, like Anushka Sharma and Ranveer Singh , is under a three-film contract with Yash Raj Films and it would be interesting to see how he manages to balance out his father's film along with the YRF contract.All said, he is happy he chose to start his career on his own without his dad's support. \"I feel I've made him proud by doing it on my own. As for the future, let's see what comes my way in life. I am just some days old,\" he said.It is learnt Arjun was originally supposed to debut with Y Films' Virus Diwan . However, he was launched by YRF in Ishaqzaade . It was till recently that posters of Virus Diwan featuring Arjun were still up on the Y Films website. However, it is now learnt that Arjun will not be acting in Virus Diwan although the film hasn't been shelved, contrary to recent speculation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13204001", "title": "Tu Nach releases on 31st", "text": "Sounding fresh and up to date without losing the essence is what En Karma is all about; summer 2012 heralds the six-member band's official return. The first eponymous single, 'Tu Nach' releases worldwide May 31st, and provides a foretaste into the sounds to come from the big, loud forthcoming album, 'Tohar Naal Jeena'.With huge support of mega labels Movie box and Music Waves, 'Tu Nach' embodies the values and experiences of En Karma while allowing the listener to grasp how the band has evolved in sound. The unique vocals and instrumentals of En Karma have sparked interest in modern Bhangra for a new generation. En Karma embodies, as the saying goes, six musicians that march to the beat of their own drummer, tilt towards experimentation, collaborate only with those who share their passion, create new sounds, and by extension, construct rip-roaring musical sensations.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "itanagarr", "code": "13189334", "title": "LPG cylinders seized from hotels", "text": "ITANAGARr: Taking action against illegal use of domestic LPG cylinders in commercial activities, the department of Food &amp; Civil Supplies seized a large consignment of LPG cylinders from a number of restaurants and hotels in the Capital Complex of the city on Tuesday.Three trucks of LPG cylinders were seized from hotels and restaurants during a raid conducted by three teams of officials and police led by district food &amp; civil supplies officer (DFCSO) Amit Bengia, a source said on Wednesday. However, no arrests were made, the source added.Bengia said, \"There is an LPG crisis due to insufficient feeding of LPG bullet tankers from Numaligarh and Lakhwa in Assam to the IOC bottling plant located at Kimin. There is a shortage of packed LPG trucks and difficulty in setting up bigger capacity LPG plant. The other reason isillegal use of domestic cylinders in commercial activities.\"He added that such raids will be conducted at regular intervals and no black marketers will be spared. \"A strict rationing of LPG distribution will be followed henceforth,\" he said, while appealing to all owners of hotels, restaurants to avail commercial LPG cylinders for commercial activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13181662", "title": "84% Delhiites planning beach vacation: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Going by a recent travel survey, Delhiites show the highest propensity for skinny dipping, they just don't do it in this country. They also top the charts among other Indian cities for getting a beach massage on their vacation.Interestingly, the survey, conducted at a global level, also revealed that the favourite activity of Indians is dancing on the beach. \"Among vacation preferences, 57% Indians who participated in the survey went for a domestic beach vacation on their last trip while 43% opted for an international beach. Among those, Delhi led the international front at 47%. In the coming 12 months, 84% of the surveyed Delhiites are planning a beach holiday, again most of them to international beaches,\" says the survey.Contrary to an international preference for relaxing and sunbathing, Indians seem to the biggest party animals around. With 49% who asked for a bar and beach party, Indians leave behind respondents of 20 other countries. \"Indians are also enthusiastic about bar games, fishing, body surfing, sunbathing, jet skiing, water skiing and nude sun bathing. With 20%, Mumbai ranks the highest in posing for pictures they don't want business associates to see, followed by 19% Delhiites,\" the survey says.For travel companions, Indians most prefer travelling with their spouse or partner and least with parents. In fact, 49% of Delhiites and Mumbaikars travel most with their friends and for their future travel plans, 47% of Delhiites said they would be travelling with friends while only 24% would be travelling with parents. Indians also rank the lowest globally among solo travellers.Among Asia Pacific beaches, one can find Indians heading more towards Goa than to other beach destinations like Thailand and Malaysia . \"The survey reveals that as opposed to the general perception of high price sensitivity, the most important criteria for Indians to decide on a beach vacation is food and beverage reputation as well as the novelty of the destination,\" said Manmeet Ahluwalia, marketing head, Expedia India, which carried out the survey. He added: \"When Indian adults were asked to choose between spending time at the beach and spending time with family, among other options, the beach won hands down. In fact, 80% of Indian travellers are already planning to go for a beach vacation within the next 12 months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13188144", "title": "Govt clears biggest rehabilitation scheme for slum dwellers", "text": "JAIPUR: The state cabinet on Wednesday approved allotment of nearly 400 hectares land near Sariska to the forest department in return for the land acquired in Jaipur for the Rajiv Gandhi Awas Yojana meant to rehabilitate slum dwellers.Decisions related to salaries and perks of chairperson and members of the state human rights commission, lawyers' welfare, increase in study leave for doctors and enhancing the policemen's allowances were also taken at the meeting. The government has also decided to construct shades and seating arrangements for people coming to the district collectorates and the zila parishads for official reasons. The shades, constructed with a cost of Rs 25 lakh each, would be inaugurated by the ministers on June 11 and 12.\"We will build 12,000 houses under the Rajiv Gandhi Awas Yojana to rehabilitate the slum dwellers of Jaipur's Sanjay Nagar Bhatta Basti. This will be the country's biggest rehabilitation project under the Yojana,\" said Shanti Dhariwal, the minister for urban development and housing (UDH). He added that the government would be spending between Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh on each house, which will have two bedrooms, a living room, store, washroom and some open space.The residents of Sanjay Nagar Bhatta Basti have been illegally residing on the forest department's land near the Nahargarh foothills. The government would be rehabilitating these people at the same area by acquiring the forest land in return for allotting around four times more land to the forest department. \"The forest land we are taking here is nearly 70 hectares, while what we are giving near Sariska measures around 400 hectares,\" Dhariwal said.The minister said that the salary and perks of human rights commission chairperson has been linked with that of the chief justice. \"Similarly, the salary and perks of members of the commission will be at par with that of a high court's judge,\" said Dhariwal.It has been decided to implement the Rajasthan Advocates' Welfare Fund (Amendment) Ordinance, 2012. The ordinance would amend the Rajasthan Advocates Welfare Fund Act, 1987. It has been proposed to increase the minimum ex-gratia payment from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh in the event of death of a member of the Welfare Fund. \"This will, however, not be applicable to lawyers who become members after attaining the age of 45 years,\" Dhariwal said.The aid provided in case of disease and hospitalization has been increased from Rs 20,000 to Rs 40,000 and in case the member suffers from serious diseases or disabilities the aid has been enhanced from Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh. Besides this, a grant of Rs 1 lakh has been proposed for lawyers suffering from AIDS or requiring open heart surgery, organ transplantation and angioplasty.The cabinet decided to increase the medical officer's study leave for higher education (PG course) from 24 months to 36 months. Another approval was given for creating the post of a senior additional director with the state insurance and provident fund department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13179051", "title": "Shiv Sena activists manhandle engineer", "text": "NAGPUR: Jeevan Nikose, superintending engineer of Maharashtra State Roads Development Corporation (MSRDC), was manhandled by Shiv Sena workers on Wednesday when he and other officials went for joint measurement of disputed plot holding up opening of Narendra Nagar Road Overbridge (ROB).The measurement was to be carried out jointly by city survey, MSRDC, and Marotrao Kumbhalkar who claims to be the owner of the plot. However, the prevailing chaos during the exercise forced the city survey officials to postpone the exercise. It would now be held on Saturday, city survey officer Kamalakar Hattekar said.The joint measurement was to resolve the dispute about 33 sq metre patch of land at the starting point of ROB on Narendra Nagar ring road side. Surveyor S M Devde reached the site with photocopy of the sanctioned plan of the ROB. Kumbhalkar and other residents had also gathered to witness the measurement work. They objected to the officer carrying the photocopy and demanded that measurement be carried out according to original sanctioned plan of 1988.Kumbhalkar says the 1.264km ROB was to connect with ring road near Narendra Nagar fire station and that the MSRDC officials allegedly altered the original plan so that it now connects at a spot some 200 metres away. This required MSRDC to acquire more land and got the opening of bridge mired in legal dispute. Kumbhalkar had earlier parted with 150 sq metres land for the project and is not ready to part with more.When Nikose insisted on going ahead with the measurement, it led to heated arguments between him and supporters of Kumbhalkar. Just then Sena activists reached the spot and started demanding opening of the bridge. Nikose tried to get away from the spot but some Sena activists manhandled him. He managed to get away in his official car.Nikose later told TOI that non-cooperation at the site had halted measurement work. Hattekar blamed MSRDC officials for failure to bring the required documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13180924", "title": "Hunt on for 2 builders who fled from court", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Navi Mumbai police (zone 1) officials have intensified their search for two builders who fled from the courtroom in CBD-Belapur soon after they were sentenced to judicial custody.A senior official told TOI that a police team visited the offices and residences of the builders, Vijay Gajra and Dinesh Patel, against whom an FIR has been lodged by the CBD police under section 224 of the IPC, for avoiding and obstructing their arrests.The first class judicial magistrate's court in Belapur had on Monday ordered judicial custody for Gajra, Patel and four others in connection with a case lodged at Nerul police station for alleged floor space index (FSI) irregularities at a residential tower in Sector 14.A case had been registered at the Nerul police station after two citizens filed a criminal writ petition in the Bombay high court.On how the accused could escape from the court premises despite security, an official said that all the accused were not handcuffed and slipped out of the court while cops were completing paperwork.Later in the day, four of the accused surrendered at the Nerul police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183398", "title": "Red-corner notices for 13/7 Pak suspects", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are likely to issue red-corner notices against the two Pakistani 13/7 suspected bombers, Waqqas and Tabrez, this month.The police have got a photograph of Tabrez, one of the two Pakistanis, from a gym run by ex MLA Arun Gawli's trust. Tabrez had enrolled himself in the gym and worked out there for over three months. \"With the help of intelligence agencies, we are trying to find out their addresses in Pakistan. The red-corner notice will contain their address, name, photograph, cases against them and their description. We have got their description from the other accused who were in touch with these Pakistanis,\" said officials.Waqqas and Tabrez are facing three cases of murder. They have not been identified in the court documents and mentioned only as A and B. Police sources said they came to Mumbai in February 2011 and stayed in Habib apartment in Byculla on rent till November last week.The Pakistanis are suspected to have conspired for the terror strikes on July 13 last year when bombs exploded at Opera House, Zaveri Bazar and Dadar, killing 27. The duo are also accused of making the bombs.A lookout notice has already been issued against the duo, alerting all airports in the country. Investigators, say sources, have got some telephone numbers which were referred to and used by the Pakistanis during their stay in the city. \"They had used more than 16 SIM cards, all provided by their co-accused, Naqi Ahmed. We have arrested Ahmed for aiding and abetting the blast case,\" said an officer.Cops said Ahmed had even arranged accommodation for the two Pakistanis. \"We found that the duo had been using stolen cellphones and the handsets belong to people in Bihar, Pune and Mumbai. \"We are looking for five to six persons who could be involved in the blasts. So far, we have arrested four persons. Details of the red-corner notice will be forwarded to the CBI, which will send it to its Interpol wing,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13178754", "title": "Cartoon row: In this controversy, we are all victims of self-deception", "text": "There is a James Thurber cartoon which shows a woman in a wanton drunken revelry being considered by a man in a dog collar, apparently in deep depression, who says, \"Unhappy woman!\" The cartoon is of course not suggesting that the woman, however much she may be enjoying herself, is not an appropriate object of pity - anybody who gets habitually drunk is pitiable. The point of the cartoon is rather, as someone has pointed out, that it is inappropriate to depict the moral life as a life of unhappiness, as a life devoid of joy and that there is an incongruity in treating someone who is obviously incapable of joy and delight as an exemplar of the moral life.The Thurber cartoon brings alive an essential fact about the moral life with much greater effect than any abstract philosophical or academic argument can do. If education, at least partly, consists in imaginative attempts at steering the child towards a life of the joyous acceptance of the virtues, then the question we should ask in the context of the current debate about the use of cartoons in school textbooks is: Can the Thurber cartoon, or anything like the Thurber cartoon, at all find a place in such books? Issues such as the following have been raised in the debate: cartoons in NCERT textbooks have hurt or have the potential to hurt the sentiments of communities - they will, therefore also hurt the sentiments of children belonging to these communities if they are made to use these books.And, for children who have delicate, vulnerable minds, this is not acceptable. Children of the age of 14 to 16 are immature; and cartoons are for mature minds to appreciate. Another issue that has been raised - perhaps in the context of some other cartoons used in the textbooks - is that they show politicians in an unfavourable light. How sound are these considerations?First, on hurting sentiments of communities: I would like here to consider three words: 'sentiment', 'sentimentality' and 'sensibility'. A sentiment is a feeling specifically associated with an emotion, such as feeling appropriate to the emotion of anger, or of fear, or of sorrow, of shame, of indignity and so on. Such feelings are necessarily related to a situation outside the emotion, a situation in the world if you like (what we normally call the cause or the object of the emotion). This situation is also something that provides the reason and the justification for the emotion. A simple example: the situation causing the feeling of fear in me is a huge dark object only obscurely visible and its justification is my belief that it can cause me grievous harm. But it does frequently happen that I may have the sentiment appropriate to an emotion, but the relevant situation does not provide adequate justification for it. It is in cases of this kind that we say that the feeling I have is in excess of the reality, that I am knowingly or unknowingly exaggerating my feeling; that I am deceiving myself and others about my true emotion. I would like to suggest that the proper name for such feelings is \"sentimentality\".Sentimentality, therefore, is a kind of falsehood, a kind of lying to oneself. Sentimentality is a variety of self-indulgence, a clawing preoccupation with oneself.Sensibility, on the other hand, consists primarily in moving away from preoccupation with concerns about oneself to the reality of the situation. A rich enough conception of sensibility, says a philosopher, \"gathers together the ideas of responsiveness and knowledge, motivation and cognition, the idea of 'reading' and acting in its light as well as the idea of false readings, misrepresentation, delusion and ignorance.\"The question before us, therefore, is when we are talking about hurt feelings and emotions associated with them, emotions such as, anger, indignity and so on, are we being sentimental or are we speaking from a well-formed sensibility?It is arguable that it is the former, and if that is the case, then it is very dangerous; because, as I said, sentimentality is a form of falsehood and is connected with self-deception. Deception and self-deception are necessarily external to the moral life - and school education must be particularly vigilant against tendencies towards them both in the teacher and the learner. A central aim of education is to develop the student's sensibility which includes the idea of knowledge and responsiveness to knowledge and the idea of correct \"reading\" of a situation (e.g. a cartoon) and of distinguishing it from false readings which may emanate from our inclination to deceive ourselves.Cartoons, as much as poetry, ought to be read correctly and the correct reading of a cartoon is a joint exercise by the teacher and the learner, an exercise in which the teacher takes the lead role. Such exercise is the central role of education. Is the 14- to 16-year-old child too immature for this? The answer is an emphatic \"No\".Cartoons can of course offend our sensibility and not just sentiment; and such cartoons cannot have a place in school textbooks. But, so I would like to suggest, the cartoons we are talking about do not offend our sensibility; our reaction (not response) to them has been sentimental and in this we are all victims of self-deception. Self-deception, I might add, comes extremely easy to human beings.Have some cartoons unjustifiably shown politicians in a poor light? The answer can only be based on an agreed assessment of the reality. The idea of using cartoons in school textbooks as a specially effective means of putting us in touch with aspects of reality is an unquestionably sound idea.The National Curriculum Framework 2005, along with much of what followed in its wake, was a monumental achievement of NCERT, and UPA must take a major part of the credit for it. Please let us not throw it away in a seizure of sentimentality.(The writer is an academic)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194607", "title": "IM founder member grilled by CIC in 2007 twin blasts case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Counter Intelligence Cell (CIC) sleuths who took Indian Mujahideen founder member Mohammed Tariq Anjum into custody in connection with the 2007 Lumbini Park and Gokul Chat Bhandar blasts is reported have found some leads on the whereabouts of the main IM operators. Anjum who was arrested by the Delhi police last year was brought to Hyderabad a few days ago and will be produced before the Nampally criminal court on May 21. Sources said that Anjum has given some vital leads about 'most wanted' IM founder Riyaz Bhatkal. He reportedly told interrogators that the IM had carried out the twin bombings in the city to avenge the May 18, 2007 Mecca Masjid bomb explosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13197918", "title": "Statistical highlights of Mumbai Indians-Kolkata Knight Riders IPL match", "text": "MUMBAI: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Mumbai Indians and Kolkata Knight Riders on Wednesday.# Kolkata Knight Riders became the third team after Delhi Daredevils (10) and Mumbai Indians (9) to post nine victories or more in the IPL 2012.# Kolkata Knight Riders, with 19 points in 15 games, are placed second behind Delhi Daredevils (20) in the points table.# Kolkata Knight Riders have recorded their second win in ten games against Mumbai Indians in the IPL -- their first was by 9 wickets at Eden Gardens, Kolkata on April 19, 2010.# Mumbai Indians (108) have recorded their lowest total against Kolkata Knight Riders in the IPL, outstripping the 133 for eight at Eden Gardens on April 19 2010.# Lasith Malinga (21), Munaf Patel (15), Kieron Pollard (14) and RP Singh (10) are the top wicket-takers for Mumbai in the IPL 5.# The six top run-scorers for Mumbai in the IPL 2012 are Rohit Sharma (419), Ambati Rayudu (322), Sachin Tendulkar (255), Murali Karthik (231), James Franklin (207) and Kieron Pollard (204).# Manoj Tiwary (41 off 43 balls) has top-scored in an important game. No other batsmen could post an innings of 30 or more in the match.# Tiwary's runs' tally of 243 (ave.24.30) in 14 matches is the third highest for Kolkata in the IPL 2012, behind Gambhir (547) and Kallis (297).# Sunil Narine has got his third Man-of-the-Match award in the IPL. He became the fourth player to get three or more MoM awards in the IPL 2012, joining Chris Gayle (4), AB de Villiers and Virender Sehwag.# Three bowlers have bagged 21 wickets in the present competition -- Narine (21 at 11.80 runs apiece in 12 matches), Malinga (21 at 13.19 in 12 matches) and Morne Morkel (21 at 18.85 in 14 matches).# Narine (4/15) has registered two instances of four wickets or more in an innings in the present competition. He is the second bowler after Munaf Patel to record two instances of four wickets or more in an innings in the present competition.# Narine became the first Kolkata bowler to register two instances of four or more wickets in an innings in the IPL. His outstanding performance of 5 for 19 against Punjab at Eden Gardens on April 15, 2012 is the best by a Kolkata bowler in the IPL.# Narine's figures are the best by a Kolkata bowler against Mumbai Indians in the IPL as well as the best by a Kolkata bowler away from home in the IPL.# Narine's outstanding economy rate of 5.25 is the best amongst in the IPL 2012 (Minimum ten wickets).# Jacques Kallis has recorded his first duck in the present tournament -- his sixth in the IPL.# Rudra Pratap Singh's tally of 74 at an average of 24.67 in 65 matches is the second highest in the IPL, next only to Lasith Malinga -- 82 (ave.15.95) in 54 games.# Gautam Gambhir has become the second player after Suresh Raina (2137) to aggregate 2,000 runs or more in the IPL.# Gambhir has managed 2022 at an average of 34.27 in 69 matches, including 16 fifties.# Gambhir has totalled 547 runs at an average of 42.07 in 14 games -- the second highest in the present competition, next only to Chris Gayle's 578 (ave.52.54) in 13 games.# Gambhir's performance is his best in an IPL tournament, bettering the 534 (ave.41.07) in 14 games for Delhi in the inaugural competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13185576", "title": "Shortage of gunny bags may hit paddy purchase in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The short supply of gunny bags and inadequate transport facilities at the paddy purchase centres has cast its shadow on procurement of paddy at several places across Uttar Pradesh. As a result, the paddy growers are spending anxious moments fearing the possibility of the unexpected rains dampening their hopes of disposal of unsold paddy.The demand for these bags is so high that the paddy purchase centres are reportedly flooded with farmers seeking the most sought-after gunny bags. There are complaints that the growers are receiving the bags from the personnel manning the centres only after greasing their palms. Sources say that the government has allegedly failed to procure sufficient number of bags from jute industries in Calicut in time, and is being blamed for its lack of 'foresight'.In view of the good Rabi harvest, the state government has set a target of 42 lakh metric tones (MT) for procurement of wheat during the ongoing Rabi season, ending on June 30. A total 5.75 crore gunny bags which work out to be 1.15 lakh bales (each bale contains a pack of 500 gunny bags) are required during the current season in addition to 30,000 bags already available. However, as against the demand, only 1.65 crore bags have so far been supplied to the state.The procurement centres continue to flood with complaints about acute shortage of gunny bags, besides other logistical support like better transport facility and electronic weighing machines. Reports reaching the state headquarters said that huge quantities of paddy is lying unsold at the purchase centers set up in schools, playgrounds and gram sabha land. Thus the delay in procurement for want of bags is quite likely to expose the produce to the vagaries of the nature and cause loss to farmers.Admitting the shortage of gunny bags, principal secretary, food and civil supplies, Balvinder Kumar said the reason for this was the failure of jute industries to supply gunny bags as per the order. \"The state had already made payment of around Rs 230 crore and this order was placed much before the Rabi procurement season had begun,\" Balvinder said, and added, \"The Centre was supposed to make the delivery by the end of April. Later this was rescheduled and the supply of these bags was promised to be made by May 15. But, so far the supply had been painfully slow.\"\"The matter has now been taken up seriously with the Centre,\" Kumar said, adding that a team of officials had also been deputed to pursue the matter. He said one of the main reasons for the shortage of these gunny bags was high demand for them in Punjab, Haryana and Madhya Pradesh which have witnessed bumper Rabi harvest this time. The jute industries of Calicut were unable to keep their production in pace with the increased demand this time, the principal secretary said.In order to overcome the problem, Kumar said that the government has allowed the farmers to reuse the used bags and besides this order for 20,000 plastic bags had been placed on the pattern of the MP. By Wednesday, two rakes of gunny bags are expected to reach Aligarh and Rampur. Likewise, another 2,300 bales are expected to be supplied by May 20. \"With this, the situation would be much better,\" he said, adding that the procurement would be completed as per its schedule and there would be no delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "13184257", "title": "All set for 'Guru Peyarchi' today", "text": "THANJAVUR: Elaborate arrangements have been made for this May 17 \"Guru Peyarchi\" festival at the Guru Bhagwan temple ( Lord Abadsahayeswarar) at Alangudi in Tiruvarur district. Lakhs of devotees are expected to visit this temple on Thursday, when Jupiter transits from Aries to Taurus at 6.27 am on May 17. During this year's transit, Jupiter and Ketu will be together in Venus' house and hence it is expected by the religious to be very fortunate to people with certain astrological combinations in their natal charts.ASP Vijayakumar of Thanjavur police said more than 300 policemen have been deployed at the temple for security arrangements, and a huge tent to accommodate more than two lakh devotees had been erected at the temple premises. Regarded as a Guru sthalam, the shrine attracts a large number of devotees when Guru transits between zodiac signs.Alangudi is a small town in the Cauvery delta region, around 17 km south of Kumbakonam, the nearest major town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178397", "title": "Another woman attacked, stripped", "text": "KANPUR: Barely 24 hours after a woman was brutally assaulted, stripped and paraded naked in Pali village of Narwal, a 25-year-old woman was attacked and stripped in front of her siblings and other villagers by two village rowdies when she resisted their rape bid.The incident took place late on Tuesday night in Narainpurwa village under the Maharajpur police station. The woman alleged that she was stripped and assaulted in front of her four children and locals by two village youths, Sajan and Rajan.The local police initially tried to hush up the case and did not even bother to register a complaint. They only registered her complaint after she reported the matter to senior police officials on Wednesday.The victim has filed a complaint accusing two village youths, Sajan and Rajan, of trying to outrage her modesty before attacking her brutally. A case has been registered under Section 354 of the IPC (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) against the two accused who are reported to be absconding.According to reports, the accused barged into the victim's Narainpurwa house late on Tuesday night while her husband had gone to attend night shift at a nearby chemicals factory. The goons stripped the woman, molested her and dragged her out on to the street where the assault continued.Reports further stated that when the woman and her children raised an alarm, the duo attacked them with 'lathis' and sharp-edged weapons injuring them critically.\"Though we went to the police station, the cops on duty initially refused to help us. We are feeling scared and helpless as the accused are still roaming free due to police inaction,\" said Bhoori, husband of the victim.\"They tore her clothes, molested her and assaulted her and the children. I want the guilty to be punished,\" he told TOI over telephone on Wednesday. Locals were too scared to talk about the incident, saying that those accused in the assault are influential people.The woman has been sent for medical check up and efforts are being made to arrest the accused, the police said. Initial medical examination of the victim has ruled out rape. However, further medical reports are awaited.A woman was brutally attacked and paraded naked in Pali village under Narwal police station on Tuesday reportedly over an old feud with the family of Suresh whose daughter eloped with victim's son Dharmendra in August last year. A case has been registered against eight persons in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13187125", "title": "Finnish Art Week begins today", "text": "KOCHI: The Arts Council of North Karelia, Finland , will organize Finnish Art Week in Kochi as part of its International Arts Mission from May 17 to 24. The festival will be the largest of its kind in Kerala, and aims at promoting Finnish art and culture.\"This art week acts like a cultural exchange programme to create a kind of link between the artists in Kerala and those in Finland. There is much to learn from the art and culture of Kerala,\" said Tuire Hindikka, vice-president of the North Karelian Art Council.The programme will begin with the inauguration of a visual arts exhibition, which will display sculptures, textile art, cartoons, photographs, ceramics and graphics at the Nanappa Art Gallery at 10.30am.The second day will see a dance drama performance called 'Aino-Below the Surface', which is freely based on the Finnish national epic, the Kalevala, that will take place at the Changampuzha Park, Edappally, at 6.30pm.In the days that follow, there will be various other performances at the Changampuzha Park, including the screening of films 'Lights in the Dusk' and 'Dog nail Clipper' with English subtitles on May 21 and 22 at 7pm.The visiting artists will also host a workshop led by the artistic director of Lokadharmi Theatre group, professor Chandradasan, together with Finnish theatre professionals Pirkko Kurikka and Tuire Hindikka.The workshop will end with a performance called 'Two Mothers in the Realm of Death' on May 23 at 7pm. The final day will see the screening of various short films and video arts at the Nanappa Art Gallery at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13177734", "title": "Illegal units shutting on own, say officials", "text": "NOIDA: Noida's sealing drive seems to be losing steam once again. The Noida Authority on Wednesday afternoon inspected just two locations in Sector 35 reported to be conducting non-sanctioned commercial activity but did not seal a single premise. Authority officials said that having heeded their warnings of sealing, the allottees of the properties had \"stopped all unauthorized activity on their own.\"An earlier survey of Sector 35 had revealed eight properties reported to be misusing their residential properties. While 3 were clinics, one was identified as paying guest accommodation, one guesthouse, 2 were banks with ATMs and one was a security office. Authority officials had also met with the sector's RWA representatives during the week, seeking their assistance in getting the residents to shut down their illegal operations on their own. \"Since the survey had shown that clinics, banks and PGs were operating in the sector, these were spared,\" said Rajesh Prakash, Noida's administrative officer. \"The rest of the properties conducting unauthorized commercial activity from non-conforming areas had shut shop on their own,\" Prakash said.The enforcement team of the Authority accompanied by heavy security personnel, including anti-riot squads, lady cops and several earthmovers, reached Sector 35 around 12.30pm to start the operation. \"These allottees were conducting unauthorized commercial activity and our inspection enforcement teams had shortlisted them for the sealing process,\" Prakash said.The sealing team visited house numbers A-16 and 17 in the sector. \"We found that there had been a guesthouse in A-16, which had now stopped all operations. In house number A-17, a security office had been functional, but had now closed down,\" Prakash said. \"I have instructed the enforcement department to conduct an inspection later this week and report if the unauthorized activity is resumed,\" the AO said. \"Our next sealing destination on May 23 is Sector 36,\" said Prakash.Meanwhile, having accepted the petition of Noida Residents' Commercial Struggle Committee, the Gautam Budh Nagar district court has scheduled the next hearing on May 17 over the sealing issue. The committee's president Ghanshyam Chauhan has strongly opposed the ongoing sealing drive and requested the court to put a stay over the sealing of commercial units in the residential areas immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13180832", "title": "Tiger hunter to teach at Maharaja Sayajirao University", "text": "VADODARA: Maharaja Sayajirao University's students and teachers are set to learn a lesson or two in counter terrorism and international affairs. Dr Mahinda Balasuriya, a senior Sri Lankan diplomat and one of the key strategists in ending Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam's ( LTTE ) terror reign in Sri Lanka , has offered to teach at MSU, where he studied 36 years ago.Balasuriya, who serves as Sri Lanka's ambassador to Brazil, had completed his BSc from the varsity in 1976. Now, he is returning to his alma mater as a senior visiting fellow in the political science department.\"Last month, he wrote a mail expressing his desire to offer his services to his alma mater. We want his visit to coincide with 'Reunion 13' - the first international alumni meet in January 2013,\" MSU vice-chancellor Yogesh Singh said.This is for the first time that a serving diplomat will get associated with MSU.After his BSc, Balasuriya joined the Lankan police as an assistant superintendent of police in 1978 and rose to the inspector general of police post in 2009 to head the island country's police force.Balasuriya has also authored a book 'The Rise and Fall of the LTTE' based on his doctoral thesis in political science at the St. Petersburg University, Russia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13180409", "title": "Consumers with connected power load of 1 MW can buy from other states", "text": "PATIALA: The Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) has allowed consumers, who have connected load of 1 MW or above, to purchase power directly from other states through open access, while earlier only consumers having 1500 MW connected load were allowed to use this facility. However, the consumers will also have to pay more.The consumers, who want to buy power directly from other states, will have to pay 127 paise per power unit as transmission and wheeling charges. While 11 paise are transmission charges and remaining 116 paise wheeling charges.At present there are around 315 open access consumers in Punjab with a connected load of 1500 MW.Now, all consumers having the 132/220KV, 33/66KV and 11KV connected loads, who were earlier not paying any charges for buying direct power, will have to pay 116 paise per unit, 98.6 paise/unit &amp; 81.2 paise/unit respectively as transmission and wheeling charges for using the network of PSPCL to bring power.The imposing of wheeling and transmission charges has angered the industrialist and domestic consumers, who are on strike.When contacted CMD of PSPCL K D Chaudhary said, they had suffered losses as they purchased power at higher rates, but industrialists bought direct power instead of taking from them.\"We are already under losses and have taken this decision just to save PSPCL from losses,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13178866", "title": "Committee to streamline Jagannath temple rituals", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to form a committee to prevent delay in the daily rituals at the Jagannath temple in Puri and factionalism among priests. The decision was taken following strong resentment among pilgrims and civil society organizations at a preparatory meeting, held in the temple town on Wednesday for the Rath Yatra scheduled for June 21.\"We will hold discussion with priests of all Nijogs (associations) to resolve the crisis,\" the new chief administrator of Jagannath temple Arabinda Padhee said. The committee would include representatives of different priests' associations and shrine officials, sources said.Earlier, chaos prevailed when citizens, present in the meeting, narrated their suffering at the temple thanks to inordinate delay in the rituals. \"Locals as well as pilgrims from other states suffer to have glimpse of the deities because of factionalism among priests. It is also taking a heavy toll on the timely availability of Mahaprasad,\" Pradip Mohanty, a local resident said.Several warring priests' associations locked horns with the temple administration over the imposition of restriction on the presence of pilgrims (Parimanik ticket holders) inside sanctum sanctorum. The shrine body in March 'partly' stopped the practice of allowing pilgrims to sanctum sanctorum in compliance with the recent recommendations by the Justice P K Mohanty commission. The commission was set up to probe the November 4, 2006, stampede that had claimed four lives inside the shrine.\"We admit that the rituals are getting delayed because of some priests. But the administration is not a holy cow. The chief administrator should soon convene a meeting with all priests and listen to our grievances,\" Ramakrushna Dasmohapatra, a priest said.Panchayati Raj minister and Puri MLA Maheswar Mohanty asked the district administration to make all arrangements for the convenience of pilgrims during Rath Yatra. SP (Puri) Anup Kumar Sahoo said a full-proof security plan would be chalked out soon for the smooth and safe conduct of the annual festival. New surveillance cameras would be installed at vital installations to check crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13183582", "title": "Experts consider ways to boost manufacturing sector", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to ensure the successful implementation of the manufacturing component of the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17), the Planning Commission, in tandem with the Federation of Indian Micro and Small and Medium Enterprises (FISME) organised a stakeholder consultation on the plan component on Wednesday.Speaking on the occasion, member (industry) Planning Commission, Arun Maira, said, \"The manufacturing plan for the country aims at producing 100 million jobs in the country by strengthening the manufacturing sector. To meet this target, UP needs to create at least 30 million jobs over the next 5 years.\"Making a detailed presentation of the country-wide manufacturing plan, which outlines strategies for accelerating growth of the manufacturing sector in India during the 12{+t}{+h} Plan period and beyond, Maira also said the Planning Commission will begin to give feedback to states on the basis of their competitiveness and their performance vis-a-vis other states in the country. \"By doing so, UP will be able to assess its own performance over the years. It will also allow the states to identify areas where they have slipped and where they have done well.\"Maira also said that the state would do well if all the suggestions made during the stakeholder meeting on Wednesday were compiled and a copy sent to the Planning Commission, the state government as well as the concerned industry bodies in the state. Speaking to TOI, Maira said, \"Though many suggestions that have been made during this process are aimed at the government, there is also a need for some level of consolidation at the local level, within the industry body and at the state government level. This meeting has been fruitful in identifying the key concerns and, hopefully, over the next few months implementing the changes suggested.\"Wednesday's meet was a result of a key change in India's Manufacturing Plan document, which emphasises on the need for a widely consultative and inclusive approach to prepare the manufacturing industry roadmap under the 12{+t}{+h} Plan. In continuation of this agenda, while outlining the immediate steps for implementing the plan, the document also said, among other things, introduced the \"Take the plan to the States\" initiative, because much of the implementation of the Manufacturing Plan will be in the states.\"The new approach of wider stakeholder consultations to ensure more effective implementation is being tried out in Uttar Pradesh, which is now lagging behind in industrialisation despite being one of the top industrial states in the past,\" said VK Agarwal, president FISME.The underlying objectives of the 12{+t}{+h} Plan are the same as those outlined in the National Manufacturing Plan introduced in 2011 with the key goal being to give a boost to Indian manufacturing and increase its share in the national GDP to 25 percent by 2025 and create 100 million new jobs.Other speakers at the stakeholder consultation included Abhiskek Mishra, minister of state (Protocol), NC Bajpai, deputy chairman of UP State Planning Commission, Hari Raj Kishor, principal secretary, small scale industries and export promotion, Prof AK Singh, director, Giri Institute of Development Studies, and Kiron Chopra, past chairman of CII's UP State Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13186854", "title": "Ancient reptiles too had arthritis", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists investigating fossils of an extinct marine reptile discovered that ancient creatures resembling stoutnecked Loch Ness Monsters had also developed arthritis and eventually succumbed to diseases of old age. Researchers, who studied a 150-million-year-old marine reptile called pliosaur, found the beast was apparently afflicted with an arthritis-like disease.The carnivore, which was unearthed in 1994 and since held in the Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery in England, was a 26-feet old female with a 10-foot-long crocodile-like head, whale-like body, short neck and four powerful flippers to propel it through water to hunt down prey.\"This pliosaur, like many of its relatives, was truly huge,\" researcher Michael Benton, a vertebrate paleontologist at the University of Bristol in England, told LiveScience. \"To stand beside its skull and realize that it is three meters long, and massive and heavy as it is, that it once functioned with muscles and blood vessels and nerves, is amazing. You can lie down inside its mouth.\"The researchers observed that the skeleton of the beast had a low ridge of bone running from front to back on top of its skull and also noticed the reptile had signs of a degenerative condition similar to human arthritis.\"The most exciting aspect is the arthritic condition,\" said researcher Judyth Sassoon from University of Bristol. The degenerative condition , according to the researchers said, had eroded the pliosaur's left jaw joint that would have knocked its lower jaw askew.\"In the same way aging humans develop arthritic hips, this old lady developed an arthritic jaw and survived with her disability for some time,\" she said. \"But an unhealed fracture on the jaw indicates that at some time the jaw weakened and eventually broke. With a broken jaw, the pliosaur would not have been able to feed, and that final accident probably led to her demise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13203040", "title": "Sachin Parekh is upset", "text": "Actor Sachin Parekh is sad these days. The actor who is being seen as Sanjay Vyas in Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha, has missed an opportunity to shoot an ad film with none other than Amitabh Bachchan .\"I don't know what happened, but suddenly I got to know that someone else had shot the ad film with him,\" he says when quizzed about the incident.What happened behind the scenes, Sachin has no idea, but this is what he knows, \"I was approached for this commercial which Mr Bachchan was also doing. As per his availability, I blocked my dates and all the commercial terms were agreed upon. In fact, I was so happy that I told my family about it and even got a special message from my wife to pass on to him. But suddenly I got to know that the ad had been shot with someone else instead of me! There was no explanation or intimation from the makers. When I approached them, I was told that Big B is not available on that day and thus I should release my dates. I was quite shocked and surprised. They should have at least given me a proper reason for what happened.\"What made Sachin feel sadder was the fact that he is a big fan of Big B and was really looking forward to this shoot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dindigull", "code": "13184182", "title": "A home away from home", "text": "DINDIGULl: For social workers caring for destitutes, St Joseph's Hospice for Dying Destitutes provides a platform to give their ideas shape.M Gopalakrishnan, joint secretary of the Red Cross Society in Madurai, is one among them. He takes abandoned patients from the Government Rajaji Hospital and destitutes from Madurai to St Joseph's Hospice for further care. \"I have been in this service for the last 14 years and during our initial years, it was very difficult to find homes for destitutes as many old age homes were not interested in taking them. However, after St Joseph's Hospice came up, we now have a place to take them, especially ones in dying stages\", he says.Williams, a railway employee from Madurai, helps rehabilitate destitutes abandoned in railway stations. He had found that the hospice was of a great help for volunteers like him. \"I have been associated with them for the last three years and have taken six destitutes there so far. The hospice provides good care to the destitutes, especially ones in dying stages,\" he said.\"The first condition to be admitted in the hospice is that the inmate should be a destitute, abandoned by family and relatives. We don't entertain anyone who wants to push in their elders or relatives to escape their burden of caregiving,\" Thomas said. \"The first man whom we found in a waste bin was deaf and dumb with only one foot and gangrenous hand. Now that image forms our logo. The aim is to give the homeless, a home away from home,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178655", "title": "Court to hear contempt plea against DIG on June 6", "text": "KANPUR: The designated special court for Prevention of Corruption Act (Kanpur Nagar) on Wednesday fixed June 6 for detailed arguments in a contempt of court petition against DIG, Kanpur Zone.Contempt petition against DIG Amitabh Yash was moved by Jai Naryan Yadav, who had filed a case of corruption in Amarhat pump canal scheme and Parmia nullah scheme. The petitioner alleged that the court, vide its order March 22, 2012, had asked the DIG to investigate the matter and submit his report by April 7 last. But the DIG did not file his report on that day and sought an adjournment. Thereafter he submitted the report on April 23 last which was on record.Yadav alleged that in compliance of court order, the DIG only recorded the statement of petitioner and accused and remaining spot enquiry and investigation was executed by his subordinate police official S P Verma. Verma 's investigation report was based on false and fabricated facts and it was an effort to deceive the court, it was submitted. Therefore, a reference for contempt to high court under the provisions of section 15 of Contempt of Court Act to punish the DIG was sought.The petitioner further submitted to appoint a metropolitan magistrate and direct him to go to spot and prepare report along with video-shoot or appoint a penal of three senior lawyers for spot inspection and direct them for video-photography of the alleged construction work.The court had passed an order of investigation by the DIG when petitioner Jai Naryan Yadav had submitted before it on March 23 last that certain original documents related to the scheme and allocated funds were with the office of irrigation department situated in Canal Colony, Phoolbagh. Since the matter is pending in the court, the court should summon these documents to verify his claim.In his complaint Jai Narain Yadav alleged that state government had sanctioned a sum of Rs 4.04 crore for Amrahat Pump Canal scheme (second phase project) and a sum of Rs 1 crore for the security and construction of water treatment plant from Parmia nullah to Ganga Barrage.Execution of both the projects was liability of Radhey Shyam, executive engineer, Ganga barrage.The executive engineer drew the sanctioned amount and without spending single rupee on any project, sent a report to the state stating that entire entrusted work had been completed. He fabricated the forged bills and papers and misappropriated the sanctioned fund. The misappropriated fund was later distributed amongst the employees of the barrage.Earlier, the complainant had produced a letter addressed to the executive engineer, Radhey Shyam, and claimed that letter itself was sufficient to give a clear picture of scam.The complainant Jai Narain Yadav of Barra area filed a complaint under Section 156(3) CrPC in the month of August 2011 and had charged Radhey Shyam, executive engineer (Barrage Nirman Khand-2) and other officials and employees of Barrage Nirman Khand - 2, Kanpur Nagar with corruption to the tune of Rs 5.04 crore.The designated special court for Prevention of Corruption Act of Kanpur Nagar had asked the then DIG Kanpur to investigate the charges of a complaint and submit the report before the court on September 1, 2011.Yadav, pleading his case, claimed that in compliance of court order the DIG had submitted a report. The report was prepared by a sub-inspector which was gross violation of court order. The sub-inspector had said in his report that full construction work had taken place and there was no financial irregularity.Countering this report, Yadav furnished photocopy of two letters sent to accused Radhey Shyam by chief engineer Awadh Pal Singh on November 11, 2011 and December 3, 2011.The chief engineer in his letter dated December 3, had said that during the previous meeting with the minister, Radhey Shyam had been asked to start construction work of project Amrahat Pump canal and other. But still neither he has started the work, nor sent any report so ensure the construction work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13178750", "title": "Replacement of leaky water pipelines go on", "text": "NAGPUR: After years of neglect, the decades-old leaky water pipelines of the city are being finally replaced. This is expected to prevent contamination of water and reduce incidence of water-borne diseases. Such infections are common in North Nagpur due to contaminated water supplied by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).Barry Jenson, director (capital works) of OCWL, told TOI that 96 areas of the city had been identified where water supply was contaminated. \"Forty eight areas are critical and we will replace the pipelines by mid- or end of June. In the remaining 48, the work will be over by end of July. Total 23 km new pipeline will be laid,\" he informed.Jenson further said that Orange City Water Ltd (OCWL) had started work at four places- Bangde Layout (Shanti Nagar), Timki Dadra Pul, Quetta Colony and Mominpura Jama Masjid. \"Work will begin in three more areas on Thursday,\" he said.On Wednesday, TOI visited Bangde Layout where pipeline replacement work was going on. Five pipelines of 2 inch diameter were being replaced by 110 mm (roughly 4 inch) diameter pipelines. Jenson, who was supervising the work, said these pipelines would be first connected to the main supply line and then service connections would be provided.OCWL will provide service connections immediately to those who have legal connections while others will have to apply for one in NMC's zone office. The company, however, assured it would not deprive anybody of water until he gets a legal connection. \"We will give full opportunity to people to get regular connections,\" Jenson said.Bangde Layout is a lower middle class locality having very narrow alleys. OCWL had dug them up for laying the pipelines. However, the residents cooperated fully as they realized they would get uncontaminated water once the job was completed.OCWL is the joint venture company of NMC's subsidiary Nagpur Environment Services Limited (NESL) and Veolia India Ltd. It has to replace leaky pipelines and upgrade the water distribution infrastructure within five years.A few days ago, TOI had highlighted the plight of citizens suffering due to contaminated water supply. Residents of Hudco Colony in North Nagpur have been getting contaminated water since five years. They had told TOI that fever, dizziness, severe stomach ache were very common in the colony. Water supply officials of Asi Nagar had admitted that many localities in the zone were getting contaminated water due to old and leaky pipelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178712", "title": "LLR claims apathy by KMC in waste collection", "text": "KANPUR: People generally come to health institutions to be cured of their ailments. But, patients coming to Lala Lajpat Rai (LLR) and its associated hospitals are turned away due to the poor sanitary conditions prevailing in and around the premises. However, the hospital authorities claim the Kanpur Municipal Corporation (KMC) is to be blamed for the patient's woes as it is responsible and expected to maintain proper civic scenario, both inside and outside the hospitals.The condition of the backyard of the LLR psychiatric ward, and one of the entrances to the Upper India Sugar Exchange Jachcha-Bachcha Hospital situated in Rawatpur area, is dismal. One can easily witness biomedical waste including used needles, syringes, human anatomical waste, contaminated cotton bandages and discarded medicines scattered on the LLR grounds and KMC dumping yard outside the Jachcha-Bachcha hospital. The LLR staff burn this biomedical waste indiscriminately on a routine basis. The waste thrown by the hospital is also often collected by rag-pickers who claim to re-use this hazardous waste.Apart from this, the non-functional wards and vacant buildings of LLR are presenting a rather poor case-sheet on the institution's utilisation of barely available space. Much of the vacant space, including the grounds and lottery fund's buildings, is relegated into a dumping yard for all sorts of medical waste. One can easily witness various medical wastes along with equipment in disrepair as well as broken buckets and shabby bedsheets. It is estimated that at least 25% of utilitarian space is appropriated by discarded materials.Talking to TOI, Kancha Srivastava, Chief Medical Superintendent of Upper India Sugar Exchange Jachcha Bachcha Hospital said she had sent various letter to the authorities of KMC to shift this dumping yard from the entrance of the hospital as it was giving serious health trouble to the new-born babies admitted here. She also alleged that the all the bio-medical waste scattered outside the maternity hospital is thrown by the nearby private hospitals.\"All this waste scattered outside the hospital is thrown by the authorities of two prominent hospitals in the vicinity. These big hospitals do not follow the bio-medical norms at all while the PCB never takes action against any of the private hospital,\" added Dr Kanchan Srivastava.Similar versions were echoed by Dr CS Singh, chief medical superintendent of LLR, about the laxity of KMC. According to him, the A2Z garbage collectors do not collect even the municipal waste from the ground of LLR by saying that it was bio-medical waste.It is important to mention here that even the officials of the Pollution Control Board in their recent inspection to LLR opined that dumping yard should not be located near health centres. The PCB officials rued the fact that the A2Z workers were throwing waste collected from Parmath area in the hospital dumping yard that also contained silt and sewer waste.\"We are forced to burn this waste when it started spoiling,\" pointed out CS Singh.The officials also said such carelessness shown by the KMC authorities encouraged the rag-pickers in collecting bio-medical waste from the garbage heaps inside the hospitals. Even the hospital staff showed laxity in incinerating bio-medical waste properly as they could easily hide it inside the heaps of municipal waste, they claimed.\"It is impossible to look and check the whole staff among thousands of working nurses and doctors. One will not dare to throw the bio-medical waste in the open unless he/she got an opportunity to do so. The irresponsible approach of the municipal corporation in collection of garbage from the hospital is the biggest reason for such illegal practices,\" claimed Dr CS Singh.The LLR authorities also alleged that no cattle and dog catching drives took place on the hospital premises until they urged the KMC. \"They come and collect a few animals and claim to maintain proper civic scenario in the region,\" Singh said.However, the Kanpur Municipal Corporation passed the buck of maintaining proper civic scenario in LLR to its authorities. Municipal Commissioner NKS Chauhan said he would shift the dumping yard of Rawatpur somewhere else. The official, however, remained silent when questioned why the KMC was not collecting waste from the LLR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "13178779", "title": "Distress paddy sale ails Bhadrak farmers", "text": "Bhadrak: Farmers of Bhadrak district have alleged that various agencies of the government entrusted with the responsibility of paddy procurement are not available to collect Rabi crop produce at the block headquarters. As a result, they are being forced to sell their produce at a meager price of Rs 600 per quintal to money lenders instead of the minimum support price of Rs 1,080 fixed by the government.According to district agriculture office, a total of 27,489 MT of paddy is available for sale, minus 9,153 MT of the produce, kept by farmers for personal consumption. Besides, the surplus paddy, which remained unsold in the last Kharif crop season, will also be added to their net stock.\"On the one hand, the district agriculture office promotes us to go for paddy cultivation in the Rabi season, but on the other hand, there are no buyers of the produce at the minimum support price fixed by the government. If the situation persists, I will stop cultivating it from next year,\" rued Gunanidhi Das, a farmer of Dola Sahi in Bhadrak.According to sources, the district administration stopped collecting paddy from farmers after the target for Kharif crop was nearly achieved for the year 2011-2012. The district administration said it procured 1,91,719 MT of paddy against the target of 1,99,999 MT through the civil supply corporation even though drought was declared in as many as four blocks of Bhadrak, Dhamnagar, Bhandaripokhari and Chandbali.\"Both in the Kharif and Rabi crop seasons, farmers are forced to sell their produce at throwaway prices. In the wake of largescale drought in the district during the last Kharif season, owing to scanty rainfall, the district administrations' declaration of meeting the target of paddy procurement was nothing but an exercise of recycling the paddy, illegally obtained from other government schemes, through a nexus of government agencies and rice millers. A thorough enquiry will reveal the corruption,\" said Sanjeev Nayak, co-coordinator of a leading agricultural organization of the district. \"We have written to the government to release funds for opening procurement centers,\" said S N Panigrahi, the civil supply officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13180904", "title": "J Dey murder case: Jigna Vora hearing adjourned", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) court on Wednesday adjourned the bail application hearing of scribe Jigna Vora. The matter will be heard on May 25. The court also extended the judicial custody of all other accused till June 12.The court also accepted Vora's application for home food.Earlier the court had allowed her application for home food. However her lawyer contended she was just being provided with an extra bowl of rice, two boiled potatoes. The court has allowed the home food facility for a period of 60 days. Vora is suffering from asthma and a liver injection and hence she was advised a balance diet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13190728", "title": "Anti-dumping duty on yarns spells doom for textile sector", "text": "SURAT: The central government's move to impose anti-dumping duty on all segments of synthetic yarn including nylon, polyester and viscose imported from China, Korea, Chinese Taipei, Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia has spelt doom for the country's biggest man-made fibre industry in Surat.As the finance ministry imposed anti-dumping duty ranging from 5% to 16.90% on all types of imported yarns in the past fortnight, domestic spinners - yarn manufacturers - have increased the yarn prices in the range of 25-30% per kg.The unprecedented increase in yarn prices has cast a dark shadow on the city's weaving sector, which is totally dependent on the various types of synthetic yarns. The city's textile industry, which contributes to the nation's 40% man-made fibre demand, has more than 6.5 lakh powerloom machines weaving about 3 crore metre cloth per day with the annual consumption of 6 lakh metric tonne of different types of yarns and fibres.Market sources said the yarns and fibres including nylon filament yarn ( NFY), polyester filament yarn ( PFY), polyester yarn (POY) and viscose filament yarn (VFY) manufactured in China is 15-20% cheaper than the ones manufactured by the domestic players. Following the imposition of the anti-dumping duty, domestic manufacturers of yarns and fibres have got a free hand to increase the prices, especially when demand in the local market increases.Arun Jariwala, chairman, Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry ( FIASWI) told TOI, \"The domestic yarn prices have appreciated phenomenally and weavers are at a big loss\".\"This year's season will begin from June 15 and everybody in the market is closely watching the price rise in the yarn market,\" added Jariwala.Yarn dealers in the city said that the prices of yarn have risen by almost 25-30% in all varieties in the past fortnight. The price of polyester filament yarn (PFY) has gone up from Rs 99 per kg to Rs 125 per kg.Rajesh Surana, a yarn dealer said, \"The price rise is totally unwarranted, but it is the effect of anti-dumping duty. Domestic spinners have got a free hand. Now, everything depends on crude oil prices.\"\"Domestic spinners are taking advantage of anti-dumping duty as they know that the import of yarn from China and other countries has become a costly affair. They want to earn as much profit as possible from the weavers,\" said Ashok Jirawala, president, Federation of Gujarat Weavers Association (FOGWA).Sources said that the central government has stressed the need for increasing the production and consumption of man-made fibre, yarn and fabrics in the country through the implementation of the National Fibre Policy (NFP).But the important objective of the NFP will not be met if the current situation of price rise is not contained immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194089", "title": "CBI all geared up to nail Prasad in Vanpic deal", "text": "HYDERABAD: As in the case of Satyam founder B Ramalinga Raju, it was his lust for land that landed industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad too in trouble. The CBI that is probing the Vadarevu and Nizampatnam port and industrial corridor (Vanpic) project scam as part of its investigation into the Jagan assets case, has come across startling facts about the way 28,000 acres of land was 'acquired' in Guntur and Prakasam district purportedly for setting up two ports in these districts . This acquisition was done in a deceitful manner . By allowing cash payments to farmers, the officials themselves have ensured that no evidence of the transactions is available on paper, the CBI's remand report said. Prasad and bureaucrat Brahmananda Reddy were produced before the court on Wednesday and remanded to judicial custody till May 30.Though Prasad entered into negotiations with the state government as a representative of Ras Al Khaimah (RAK, an emirate of the UAE ), he marginalised the state government later and brought in his own partners like Navayuga Engineering Company into the task of building the project. This task was entrusted to a company called Matrix Enport Holdings Pvt Ltd. Had it not been a project deal struck between two governments (AP and RAK), companies like Navayuga would have had to go through the process of bidding to gain entry. But thanks to Prasad's manipulation , Navayuga gained entry without all that process, the CBI said.Though the AP cabinet approved only 4,000 acres to be allotted to this project, officials of the state government allowed Prasad to acquire land far beyond this figure in contravention of all the existing rules. What was more shocking is the fact that Prasad actually started selling this land. A CBI official told TOI that investigation on this aspect is currently under progress .According to the remand report submitted by CBI while producing him in the court on Wednesday, Prasad cornered about 13,000 acres of land in the proposed Vanpic project area. Moreover, Prasad floated a separate project called Vanpic project (different from Vanpic port project) and in connivance with him, K V Brahmananda Reddy, the special secretary of investment and infrastructure wing of the state, wrote letters to the district collectors of Prakasam and Guntur asking them to acquire and transfer land to Vanpic project of Prasad. As a result, the land went into the fold of Prasad and not to the one that entered into agreement with the state.The CBI collected material from the state government officials about the deviations that were found in the Vanpic deal contrary to the concessions extended to Krishnapatnam and Gangavaram ports. Some of the deviations are that the concession period was extended by the state beyond the stipulated 33 years. Even in this concession agreement, the word 'mutual consent' was missing. Dilution of equity was allowed after five years of commencement of agreement date. Here the deviation is that this should have been after five years of commercial operations. Vanpic was also exempt from paying concession fee to government if it failed to generate net profit. As per norm this should have been 'gross profit' .Another major deviation found was that the project was contemplated on the basis of build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) but surprisingly the authorities accorded it absolute rights over the land and project. CBI found out that the concession agreement signed by both Prasad and Brahmananda Reddy was contrary to the cabinet approval and contained gross errors and lapses.Though Nimmagadda was claiming to have paid Rs 450 crore to several land losers as compensation, the investigation revealed that only Rs 150 crore was actually paid to those who lost their lands. Assigned lands were acquired or forcibly taken away for a pittance . Though law does not permit transfer of such lands to third parties, revenue officials of both Guntur and Prakasam with the help of AP secretariat actually transferred such lands in favour of Vanpic.This project was also accorded several concessions like exemption from paying stamp duty, registration charges and other fees etc. Brahmananda Reddy played a key role in working more in favour of Vanpic to the detriment of state interest in connivance with Prasad, the CBI remand report says.As a quid pro quo arrangement Prasad invested Rs 850 crore in Jagan's firms initially but disposed off a part of them later. Now his investments with Jagan's compaies are Rs 505 crore, the report said. CBI sought 14 days custody of both Prasad and Brahmananda Reddy to question them and ascertain several things from them. One of the things the CBI wanted to know from them as to why only Rs 150 crore of the Rs 450 crore allotted as land compensation was spent.Where had the remaining Rs 300 crore gone is the question the CBI is seeking to find out. Following objections from their lawyers, principal special judge A Pullaiah posted the case to May 17 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183045", "title": "Bandra-Kurla Complex noise barrier puts up a sound performance", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the MMRDA is considering installing noise barriers on flyovers across the city, a test conducted by NGO Awaaz Foundation showed that these structures could play a key role in battling the menace of noise pollution.Almost a year after the MMRDA installed its first noise barrier on a 3km stretch along the main road of Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC), a test conducted around 5.30pm on Wednesday showed that the noise levels were within permissible limits in residential areas.The test was conducted on the first and the 12th floors of two buildings adjoining the main BKC road. A noise barrier stood between the buildings and the main road.The noise level in the residential areas, which are located behind the noise barrier, touched a maximum of 59 decibels. On the other hand, the noise level beyond the barrier was 76 decibels. The permissible level is 60 decibels near residential areas.\"Surprisingly, the noise level on the first floor was less than on the 12th floor, where it stood between 65 and 67 decibels. This means that the noise on the road is felt more as one goes higher and beyond the limits of the barrier. The test's success shows that if implemented in the same manner across the city, it (noise barrier project) will help cut down on the inconvenience faced by citizens,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, founder of Awaaz Foundation.People living near Kalanagar said the noise levels had reduced considerably. \"In 2008, we approached then MMRDA commissioner Ratnakar Gaikwad, complaining of the high noise levels. He promised to look into the matter. It took two years but the barriers were finally put up,\" said a resident.Locals said the previous year was less noisy compared to the ones before that. \"The noise levels have reduced drastically, by almost 50%. There was a room in our house where we couldn't hear a thing other than the sound of traffic outside. But after the barriers came up, the noise levels reduced and things improved,\" said Satish Lotlikar. \"As we are on the first floor, there is a direct benefit. But the problem persists for those living on the higher floors.\"Officials from the MMRDA and the BMC had, last year, gone to Italy to study the technology. With a provision of Rs 38 crore, the MMRDA plans to instal the barriers on flyovers at Suman Nagar, Navghar, Sion hospital junction, Hindmata junction, Thakur Complex, Lalbaug, Barfiwala and other places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13181471", "title": "BMW accused goes from court to exam", "text": "GURGAON: Minutes after a city court reserved its order on an identification parade, BMW hit-and-run accused Suraj Sherawat was in an examination hall, wrapping up the last test to ensure he doesn't have to repeat the of the second semester for his graduation.The BCom (Hons) student 18-year-old reached the exam hall at 9.30am. Though the business statistics paper was from 9am to noon, \"he left at 11.15am, probably to avoid any interaction with classmates and dodge media\", ARSD college administrative official V K Mishra said.Meanwhile, police sources said one of the witnesses had video-recorded the accident.With this, Suraj has managed to appear for four of the five exams in the second semester; the corporate law paper on May 14 - nine days after the accident - was the only one he missed. And it was in that subject that he scored the highest marks in internal tests, say college officials. But, if he passes the four exams he has taken, as per Delhi University rules, he will be promoted to the third semester and can re-appear for that paper along with his fourth-semester exams.His friend Daksh Jaiswal, who was in the BMW at the time of accident and ended up in the ICU of Max Hospital with multiple facial fractures, will have to take all five second-semester exams next year.Earlier in the morning, the police questioned Suraj's exam plea in court, saying he did not have the requisite attendance to sit for the exam. Around 8.30am, Suraj appeared before chief judicial magistrate (CJM) Jasbir Singh with his lawyers, who said he would not be available for the identification parade as he had to appear for the exam. \"The court reserved its order after hearing the arguments and we will get an order on Thursday,\" said Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF) and head of the special investigation team.The police had sought permission for a test identification parade (TIP) of Suraj, saying they had tracked two cab drivers who had seen him running from the accident spot on the night of May 5. The BMW rammed an Indigo near IFFCO Chowk Metro station on the Mehrauli-Gurgaon Road, killing pregnant Kshama Chopra Shetye and the Indigo driver Sanjay Gulati. Sources confirmed that the Gurgaon police has a list of 15 witnesses whose names they are not disclosing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13181003", "title": "Senior LNJP doctors held for graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Director Professor of Maulana Azad Medical College and another senior retired government doctor of LNJP have been remanded to a 14-day judicial custody after they were arrested for allegedly purchasing medical equipment at exorbitant rates in connivance with equipment suppliers.Arrested by the anti-corruption branch of Delhi Police on May 15, Dr V K Ramteke (59), director-professor and head of the department (surgery) at MAMC, and 62-year-old Dr Manmohan Singh Chopra (retd), associate of Lok Nayak Jai Prakash Hospital, were produced before special judge B R Kedia who remanded them to judicial custody.According to the FIR, police received a tip-off that the doctors of LNJP, in connivance with some medicine and equipment supplier, were purchasing their products at a rate higher than the market price. Cops said the alleged corrupt practice started in 2004 when the tender process was in motion and Dr Ramteke took charge as medical superintendent of LNJP Hospital. Dr Ramteke \"immediately caused the purchase committee to retender the items of specific group.\" It was found that either open tenders have not been invited, or if the tender was invited it was manipulated to favour the desired suppliers, the FIR alleged. Some of the items were ordered for supply but they were never supplied due to a dispute between hospital officials and the suppliers on the sharing of illegal margin, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190266", "title": "Thai delegation interacts with city businessmen", "text": "VADODARA: The Thai trade delegation that was on a two-day visit to the city on Tuesday and Wednesday was impressed by the power situation in the state.At an interaction with prominent industrialists and businessmen from the city, the delegation explored various sectors that Thailand could work on.At the interaction organised by the Vadodara Chamber of Commerce and Industries (Von Wednesday evening, the Thai delegation led by ambassador Pisan Manawapat interacted with representatives of a broad spectrum of industrial sectors.VCCI senior vice-president Nilesh Shukla said that besides businessmen even representatives of education institutes and NGOs were present at the meet. \"We wanted the delegation to get a feel of the business environment and the kind of units that function in and around Vadodara,\" he said.\"Thai prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra has announced a Free Trade Agreement with India. Once this is signed, we expect the trade between the two nations to multiply and bilateral trade may exceed 10 billion USD,\" Shukla said.Former VCCI president Jatin Bhatt said that the Thai delegation was particularly impressed by the power situation in the state. \"They are eyeing sectors like power, textiles, automobiles and electronics,\" he added.VCCI has also impressed upon the Thai delegation that they should ensure that visas for Thailand were given even from Ahmedabad.\"Gujaratis travel in large numbers to Thailand that has become much like a domestic travel destination.If visas were processed at Ahmedabad, it would be of great help,\" Shukla said adding that the delegation promised to work in this direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13189610", "title": "Gogoi urges Paresh Baruah to follow Akhil into politics", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi welcomed Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti ( KMSS) leader and Team Anna's core group member Akhil Gogoi's decision to float a political party and appealed to hardline Ulfa chief Paresh Baruah to launch a political party and win the trust of the people to serve them. \"Paresh Baruah can always give up violence, float his own political party and take part in the democratic process to win the trust of the people and serve them,\" Gogoi said in a statement issued on Wednesday.Insisting that he will support Paresh Baruah if he at all decides to join the mainstream and the democratic process, Gogoi said: \"Ulfa and other militant outfits who accuse the Centre of ignoring Assam are actually trying to bring the state under the influence of foreign powers inimical to the country.\"Akhil on Tuesday announced that he will form a political party in 2015-16, but will not immediately contest elections. The chief minister in his statement said he does not quite understand why Akhil chose not to participate in elections despite floating a party. Gogoi stated: \"I welcome Akhil's decision to form a political party and serve the people of the state. I wish he contested elections and won the trust of the people to form the government and solve the state's problems.\"Paresh Baruah has so far remained outside the peace process while majority of the outfit, including chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa and almost the entire leadership, have joined the dialogue process with the government. Baruah's sister Hirawati Baruah Chetia in 2008 successfully contested the panchayat polls as an AGPs candidate for the post of councillor of Baruahola village panchayat in Tinsukia district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13182227", "title": "Man strangles step grandmom", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A man allegedly strangled his 65-year-old step grandmother along with an accomplice to acquire her land illegally in Surajpur area in Greater Noida on Tuesday night. Police said the two accused absconded carrying the property papers with them.The deceased has been identified as Chandrawati, wife of Rajender who works in the security wing of Greater Noida Authority. On Tuesday night, the accused Ravi had come with his uncle Bhure at the residence of the deceased. Rajender left home for work leaving his wife alone at home.\"The accused strangled the woman to death and fled with some property papers. The incident came to light on Wednesday morning when Rajender reached his residence and found his wife dead,\" said Alok Priyadarshi, CO of Greater Noida. Local residents them informed the cops. Police said around 36 bighas land were in the deceased's name. \"Rajender had earlier given 14 bighas to his son, Ravi's father, and they had sold the land and spent the money,\" Priyadarshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13177887", "title": "Solar powered waterholes help Nagzira wildlife", "text": "NAGPUR: In news these days for regular tiger sightings and success of Pitezari tents, Nagzira wildlife sanctuary has come up with another innovative move. It has powered artificial waterholes with solar energy.Nagzira, 125km from Nagpur in Gondia district, has become the first sanctuary in the state to make use of renewable energy sources. These waterholes are in Borewell Camp, Murpaar, Hattigodhra and Sivwar areas of the sanctuary.Though ambient temperatures are a scorching 44 deg Celsius, wild animals of Nagzira are lucky to get uninterrupted water in the artificial waterholes with solar energy driven pumps spewing water all day. \"We went ahead with the idea initially suggested by high court judge Ambadas Joshi. Being the nodal agency, the project was implemented by Maharashtra Energy Development Agency (MEDA), Pune,\" said M S Reddy, conservator of forest (CF), Gondia wildlife division.Reddy said the advantage of the new system, installed a month ago, was that animals could drink water without disturbance. \"Manual filling of waterholes consumes time and disturbs wildlife. Besides, it may result in tragedies like at Bor where a forest labourer was mauled by a tiger as he went to operate hand pump at a waterhole last month,\" he adds.Reddy explained the operation of new system during a recent visit to the park. He said a solar energy based one horsepower submersible pump has been fitted on a borewell and it pumps out 7,000 litres of water everyday.It requires no battery and hence there is no recurring cost. The pump is on during sunshine hours and idle during night. Groundwater recharges in the off period. It does not disturb the wildlife as there is no sound. The system has cut down the cost of filling artificial waterholes as no manpower or tanker is needed to fill up the waterholes. It keeps supplying water consistently through the day.\"Once the saucer shape waterhole is filled up, some amount of excess water spills over and creates a marshy area for herbivores to wallow. The grass coming up due to spread of wetness in the area also attracts chitals and sambars,\" Reddy said.Due to cooling effect in micro climate, sightings of insect fauna and birds have improved in the area. The management is now collecting data on number of wild animals sightings at the waterholes after erecting new system. \"We have installed the system at waterholes near the protection camps for safety of solar panels. After studying the impact, we may decide to increase their number,\" Reddy stated.Solar waterholes* System costs Rs 2,51,650 each and is on a rate contract of Maharashtra Energy Development Agency* If it is fitted to a borewell situated at some height, an underground pipeline system can supply water to five saucer-shaped waterholes up to 3km away* The experiment is being conducted in New Nagzira sanctuary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13178951", "title": "Bombay Gymkhana-Women's Football League from Thursday", "text": "MUMBAI: A total of 13 teams will be seen in action during the Bombay Gymkhana-Women's Football League (WFL) which is scheduled to commence at the lush green Bombay Gymkhana ground from May 17 to June 2.The tournament was last played in 2007-08 with Fr Agnel Gymkhana emerging champions and Sea View the runners-up.The clubs have been divided into two pools (one pool consists of seven teams and the other six teams) and the top two teams from each pool will qualify for the semifinals to be played on May 31. The final will be played on June 2.Groupings:Pool A: Fr. Agnel Gymkhana, Bodyline FC, Bombay Gymkhana, Staedfast SC, I.C. Colts, Hugh. Pool B: Sea View SC, Kenkre FC, Companeroes SC, S.P. Academy, Titan FC, Magic Bus, Forerunners FC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194282", "title": "Masjid blast probe leaves acquitted \u2018accused\u2019 for life", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is five years since a powerful blast rocked Mecca Masjid claiming the lives of 14 persons. Tardy investigations followed, several youth were taken into custody, and let off following court intervention. Life for many of these youth falsely implicated has been a perennial struggle. Looking over their shoulders time and again out of fear has become a force of habit and social acceptance and dignity still remain a distant dream.Scarred for life, victims say that the certificates and compensation issued in January this year by the government absolving them of all charges have come too late and have done little to alleviate their suffering. The damage, they add, cannot be undone.Sources say there were 98 people arrested in connection with the blast, while the number of those who were picked up was much more. Of the 30 people who were tried in courts, 22 were acquitted.Shaik Abdul Kaleem from Saleem Nagar Colony was 19 when he was picked up by the cops. He as named accused number three. \"I was on my way to a wedding when they came for me. I was ambitious and was pursuing medicine. But when I returned after bearing third degree torture for 18 months in jail, I found my dreams shattered as the college had rusticated me. That's when I resolved to practice law to help others like myself. Such things should never happen to innocent people,\" he says. Others were given a compensation of Rs 3 lakh but not Kaleem.Victims say that although the government has given them a clean chit, the harassment continues. It was this fear which kept victim Abdul Raheem from Bandalaguda in a self-imposed house arrest when Saidabad and Madannapet were hit by communal violence recently. \"The fear of police harassment kept me indoors when the incident of the desecration of a place of worship was reported on April 8. I was afraid when I found out that innocent youth were being picked up for questioning. I was among the 11 people who were given a compensation of Rs 3 lakh. But there can be no compensation for human suffering ,\" he says.Victims say that the police make enquires about them at least once in a couple of months. Also, police informers keep tabs on their whereabouts . \"There have been instances when informers have come to me posing as patients ,\" says Dr Ibrahim Ali Junaid who was implicated for spreading hatred between communities by distributing incendiary content by means of CDs and literature.Justice delayed is justice denied, say these victims and demand action against police officers who had picked them up.Politicians and social activists note that innocent youth are still being picked up by the authorities and demand an end to this. MP Asaduddin Owiasi says, \"The biggest suffering is the loss of respect. Justice will not be done unless erring police officials are suspended . Also the Intelligence Bureau cannot be treated as a holy cow and must be made accountable to Parliament. There are no cells to monitor saffron terror whereas Muslims are being monitored.\" Social activists say that all culprits need to be been caught and that investigation is slow. They note that May 18 as the day of the blast isn't as significant as the unjust treatment meted out to the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13178786", "title": "Cartoon row: Toons not anti-politics, aimed at good teaching", "text": "The \"cartoon controversy\" began with a specific remark, a feeling of hurt about a cartoon depicting Ambedkar. It seems, and became clear very soon in the Lok Sabha debate, that the unease was much wider - extending to the very existence of cartoons. To be fair to parliamentarians, their unease is with a certain pedagogy. They are used to a certain kind of textbook and they feel these new textbooks are irresponsible, casual, mocking, silly and therefore inappropriate.They also feel personally targeted. They feel that metropolitan middleclass does not see the value of politics and indulges in irresponsible rhetoric of anti-politics. Therefore, they believe these textbooks are anti-political and, thereby, anti-democratic.Ironic though it might seem, I do understand and appreciate their viewpoint.I have two disagreements with the honourable MPs. The first is about their reading (or should I say lack of reading) of these textbooks. If they had cared to read any of these textbooks even cursorily, they would have seen that the whole point of writing them was to inculcate the appreciation of, and respect for, democratic politics.Throughout these textbooks, we underscore the value of democracy and the centrality of politics to it. If anything, these books are an argument against the middleclass rejection of politics and the callous mentality of 'sab chor hain'. This misunderstanding is particularly severe in the case of the cartoon in which Ambedkar features. The critics have not even looked at the cartoon closely (that Dr Ambedkar holds a rein and whip), and have ignored that there were similar cartoons on other great personalities.The other disagreement, I suspect, is more substantive. The MPs think the way to promote democracy and inculcate respect for politics is to do an abstract eulogy of democracy. As one of the members said, political science should be theory. I suspect what they mean is that textbooks should be a collection of summaries of Constitution and law, lessons in ethical duties of citizens and so on. I am afraid this is a completely mistaken view of pedagogy. It is precisely this mistaken understanding of how children learn, that produced old, boring civics books that all of us have grown to hate.It is precisely such sermonizing that produces the disconnect with democratic politics. It is an attempt to teach pure and sanitized theory of politics that produces sense of horror and shock when these students read the newspaper. This is what produces the anti-political mindset. These textbooks take a different route by trying to relate the world of books to the student's world outside the school. Students of this age do read newspapers, watch TV or sometimes are exposed to internet. They routinely encounter all the awkward things that MPs wish to keep away from their eyes. Therefore, the textbook must set up a dialogue with such impressions which the students pick up from the world they live in.The textbooks do not endorse or celebrate any mocking of the political class as a whole, but do acknowledge the reality of politics which is often not so pleasant. These cartoons are not meant to be seen in isolation and enjoyed for their own sake. Each of them points to something in the text and is an indication for them to look at the text more closely.Yes, the cartoons do give rise to doubts and questions. And they may even generate opinion that the textbook author may not approve of. But the point of textbooks is not to drill some answers in the students' heads. These textbooks treat students not as a clean slate but as minds which are in the process of being formed, for these are citizens about to vote in a couple of years. I suppose that is a democratic way of teaching democracy. (Writer is a political scientist)As told to Subodh Ghildiyal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "13181288", "title": "Vasad accident leaves four dead", "text": "NADIAD: Four persons were killed and one was seriously injured when the car they were traveling in was rammed by a speeding truck coming from the opposite direction on national highway-8 at Vasad on Wednesday morning.Police said that the incident occurred between 8am and 10 am. Police identified the deceased as Chandrakant Parmar, 24, Gujvantsinh Gohil, 35, Kiranbhai Rathod, 32 and Janakbhai Sureshbhai, 30. Ganpat Jadav, 35, who was rushed to Sterling Hospital in Vadodara after seriously injured, is still battling for his life. The victims were from Angadh, Adha, Adol and Nandesari villages.Police investigation revealed that the car did not belong to any of the five commuters. \"We believe that the five had borrowed the vehicle from a friend or a relative to attend a social function. The family members have taken possession of the dead bodies,\" said a senior official of Vasad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13201966", "title": "IPL boss says MCA ban on Shah Rukh Khan not final yet", "text": "NEW DELHI: A furious Mumbai Cricket Association might have banned Shah Rukh Khan after an alleged brawl between him and its officials but IPL Chairman Rajiv Shukla on Thursday said a final decision on the matter would only be taken after getting the version of all the involved parties.The MCA has lodged a police complaint against Kolkata Knight Riders IPL franchise co-owner Shah Rukh Khan for his alleged misbehaviour last night at the Wankhede Stadium and has decided to ban him for life from entering the premises.Shukla was guarded in his take on the matter. \"I will take the version of the MCA, Shah Rukh Khan and the police before talking about the issue,\" he told reporters.\"The decision on ban is taken by the Working Committee so I will speak to MCA President Vilasrao Deshmukh on this. I have to take the version of all the parties involved and then speak,\" Shukla added.The Bollywood star had an altercation with the security and officials of the MCA after the Knight Riders had swamped Mumbai Indians , according to MCA treasurer Ravi Savant.\"He misbehaved and abused the MCA security personnel as well as MCA officials, including our president Vilasrao Deshmukh, after the IPL match (between KKR and Mumbai Indians). We have decided to ban him for life from entering the stadium in future,\" said Savant, who alleged that the actor was in a totally inebriated state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13191580", "title": "UK law that bans insulting words faces opposition", "text": "London: In a campaign with echoes of the cartoon controversy in India, several groups in Britain have appealed to home secretary to reform a law that bans 'insulting words or behaviour' in public on grounds that it strangles free speech. The campaign supported by many MPs is called 'Feel Free to Insult Me' , and is directed at Section 5 of the 1986 Public Order Act, which outlaws 'insulting words or behaviour' in public places.The campaign leaders have appealed to UK home secretary Theresa May that the word 'insulting' be dropped from the section. The section has led to many people being arrested and penalized, including Christian street preachers, critics of Scientology , gay rights campaigners and students making jokes.Conservative leader, David Davis, says the section was having a \"terrible, chilling effect on democracy\" .Campaign leaders believe it is not clear what 'insulting words or behaviour' mean, leading to spurious arrests. They also said that insulting behaviour was open to too much interpretation. Davis believes that changing the wording of the section was \"vital to protecting freedom of expression in UK today\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180323", "title": "Bus rapid transit didn\u2019t make buses \u2018rapid\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Built to promote public transport, specifically bus travel, the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor from Ambedkar Nagar to Moolchand doesn't seem to have had any such impact. An interim report by the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) to the Delhi high court states that there is little difference in bus speeds between the BRT corridor and the adjoining stretches like Khel Gaon Marg and Aurobindo Marg. While speeds on the BRT average 11-28kmph, on the latter the range is 16-23kmph.The interim report, which is part of the court-appointed study, is based on data collected till date, said CRRI officials. The research agency's request for more time to conduct the study was also granted by the high court on Wednesday. The court also expressed unhappiness with the petitioner in the BRT corridor PIL for \"illegally\" removing a barrier on the corridor during the trial run last week. \"You have raised this issue, but don't get obsessed with it...you can't take steps at your level,\" a division bench comprising acting chief justice AK Sikri and justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw observed, chiding BB Sharan, founder president of petitioner society Nyay Bhoomi.\"Who permitted you to remove it? We asked you to participate during the trial run with CRRI but don't be a boss there...,\" the bench warned Sharan after the government and the CRRI authorities cited his unilateral action. It made it clear to the city transport department and CRRI that Sharan isn't a member of the survey team and can at best provide assistance, when asked.The findings of the interim report, however, sprang a few surprises. Speed-wise, while the BRT doesn't really allow rapid bus movement, it really slows down other types of vehicles. While two wheelers average 23-30kmph on other corridors, on the BRT they travel at 11-30kmph. Cars move even slower: 9-26kmph on the BRT against 18-27kmph on regular stretches. The report observes, \"Speeds on BRT corridor are at least 5kmph less than the speeds on similar corridors.\" It also says that the increased journey time after the BRT came up, as revealed by the user perception, has gone up by 13-16 minutes on average for all vehicles.Predictably, queue lengths are long on the BRT - stretching 600m at the Siri Fort intersection on the Moolchand approach. At Chirag Dilli, the tail stretches 500m. The report also found that 50-60% of the trips on the BRT are by daily commuters, although para-transit like autos and taxis typically avoid the stretch.For the first time, a traffic volume study of the BRT corridor has also been provided. It shows that the corridor carries 80,000 to 1.5 lakh vehicles per day. The traffic volume figure, arrived at over a 16-hour period, also shows that the peak hour flow at Chirag Dilli intersection - busiest on the BRT stretch - is 12,000 PCU/hour to 7,500 PCU/hour. PCU (passenger car unit) is a term used to assess the impact that a mode of transport has on traffic variables like headway, speed, density etc. This is typically compared to that of a single car. On Khel Gaon or Aurobindo Marg, where the traffic volume is 45,000 to 63,000 vehicles respectively. The maximum peak hour flow is 6,000 PCU/hour.Not surprisingly, therefore, most motor vehicle users termed the BRT bad, although bus users felt that the situation had improved. However, bus commuters are not entirely happy, says the study. Location of the bus shelters in the middle of the road is seen as a safety concern by most.The trial run, says the report, saw speeds go up by 3-5kmph for cars due to segregation of the left and straight traffic from the right-bound. The removal of two signal stages in a cycle also had a beneficial effect for both buses and other motor vehicles, says the report. Bus moved 1kmph slower during the weekday trial, says the report, citing removal of the dedicated bus lane.Meanwhile, the court has granted the government six weeks more to file its report on the ongoing study by CRRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178140", "title": "GPS in autos: High court reserves order", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defending its decision to ask autorickshaw drivers to collect 50paise/km from passengers to fund installation of GPS/GIPS devices, the state government on Wednesday argued that it had powers under the Motor Vehicles Act to levy a surcharge on passenger fares.After hearing the arguments, a division bench comprising acting chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw reserved orders on a PIL challenging the government's decision to implement these devices on autorickshaws.Earlier HC had asked the government to explain the rationale behind permitting autorickshaw owners/drivers to charge this amount from passengers. \"How can you ask commuters to pay this amount? Why make them your collection agent without their consent,\" the bench had asked.HC was hearing a bunch of petitions challenging the government's notification demanding Rs 15,000 from auto drivers for installing GPS systems. The petitioners argued they can't be forced to pay the amount for GPS installation as they are daily wage earners and it would harm their livelihood. The petitioners, including auto drivers, contend the government's decision is a violation of their fundamental right of livelihood.Last year the government has issued a notification which authorized the government to collect extra money for setting up a Control Centre Room for installing GPS/GPRS on the vehicle for better service, security and customer convenience.Arguing before HC on Wednesday, the petitioners pointed out that as per the original plan GPS systems were to be fitted by April 2011 and the government had agreed to bear half the cost of installation. However, not a single pilot project has been completed and the authorities are still in the process of ensuring implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13180334", "title": "Meghalaya CM wants nodal officer to assist students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Days after \"suicide\" of his niece Dana Silva Sangma in Gurgaon, Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma has demanded appointment of a nodal officer, preferably a woman, to assist the northeast students in case of any problem in Haryana.Dana, a management student at Amity University, committed suicide after she was allegedly humiliated for cheating in the exam on April 24.Around a week after the incident, Sangma wrote a letter to Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , saying: \"Tribal students from northeast studying in institutes of Haryana have a very fragile support structure to rely upon since their families live far away,\" The Meghalaya chief minister underlined the importance of administrative support such students.Sangma has sought land to construct a hostel for these students in Gurgaon, and maintained that Gurgaon and Manesar have emerged as education hubs. He said the education institutes need to understand cultural diversity in the country. Sangama has demanded a CBI probe in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13185785", "title": "Intellectuals team up to fight politics of violence", "text": "KOCHI: A group of cultural leaders and estranged CPM activists are meeting in Palakkad on May 26 to form an alternative platform in the backdrop of the recent murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party leader T P Chandrasekharan.They will campaign against the culture of political violence and corruption, and also seek to create space for intervening in socio-political issues without being partisan to any existingmainstream political formations like the LDF, UDF or BJP. \"Chandrasekharan's murder has reinforced the need for a civil society initiative in Kerala. This should be the last political murder in the state. There must be strong resistance from society to the hijacking of political space by goondas and anti-social elements,\" said environmentalist C R Neelakandan, an organizer.\"We are not interested in forming a political party now. Our objective is to step up vigilance against the cult of violence and corruption,\" he said. Writer Sarah Joseph said the murder of Chandrasekharan indicated deliberate efforts to drive back Kerala from whatever achievements it had made in building up a democratic society. Dissent is primary to democracy.People should have the right to uphold political or religious ideologies they believe in. These rights must be preserved through such independent initiatives, she said.Azad, a former prominent activist of the left coordination committee formed by CPM dissidents like M R Murali, said initiatives to organize all those who believed in democratic values were taking place spontaneously in various parts of Kerala since the murder. Human rights activist Joy Kaitharam, who had been expelled from CPM for his anti-corruption initiatives, said social activists and intellectuals adhering to divergent views would be invited to the get-together at Palakkad. Even some erstwhile Naxalites are being invited. The idea is to awaken the conscience of Kerala society against such gruesome violence as well as corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13185915", "title": "High Court orders probe against V-C", "text": "LUCKNOW: A division bench of Lucknow high court on Wednesday ordered higher education secretary Rajneesh Gupta to institute an inquiry against Lucknow University vice-chancellor Prof MK Mishra, and probe irregularities in the Career Advancement Scheme (CAS) for promotions of university teachers.The bench of Justice Rajeev Sharma and Justice DK Arora passed the order while hearing the case of Vinod Singh and Manoj Agarwal, reader, department of economics, Lucknow University. The two teachers have argued that their promotion to the post of professor was turned down by the V-C on grounds of ineligibility. The court directed Gupta to submit the report within two months and suggest action to be taken against Prof Mishra. The next hearing in the case was scheduled for August 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13179014", "title": "Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission's team to review projects in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A special consultative committee, attached to the ministry of urban development, will arrive in the city to inspect the central government-sponsored projects including 24X7 water supply scheme and city bus service on Saturday.Anand Mohan, director of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, in a letter to MP Vilas Muttemwar asked him to accompany the team during their visit to the city.Muttemwar, during a meeting with the urban development minister, had requested him to send the consultative committee attached to the ministry of urban development to review the JNNURM projects in the city. \"The JNNURM committee initially had been intimated of complaints pertaining to poor implementation of the projects during a meeting held on February 21,\" he said.According to Muttemwar, the BJP-led Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has miserably failed to provide benefits to common people of the city.He said that the 24X7 water supply scheme should have decreased the demand of water, bringing down the water tariff. But instead, consumers were getting exorbitant bills, he claimed, adding that many doctors running clinics on Central Bazaar Road in Ramdaspeth have received bills ranging from Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh.The MP also expressed concern over appointing a foreign company to implement the 24X7 water supply project.The public's opinion regarding the city bus service was also the same, he said. Though it has been almost five years since the NMC had started the city bus service, it has failed to even provide parking space for the buses, the MP said. In fact, the private operator has blatantly ignored maintenance of the entire fleet of city buses, including 240 JNNURM buses, Muttemwar said.However, the NMC administration is not aware of such visits by the consultative committee. Prakash Urade, coordinator of JNNURM projects in Nagpur, denied receiving any such letter or verbal communication from the urban ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13178790", "title": "19 companies willing to run Mahagenco power plants", "text": "NAGPUR: Nineteen power companies, including some prominent ones like Tata, JSW and Vedanta, have evinced interest in running Mahagenco's plants on franchisee basis. The generation company had floated an expression of interest (EoI) for this in December.The company has eight thermal power plants, one of which runs on gas. Even though it has decided to go in for franchisee system, Genco is yet to decide which plants will be given to the franchisees to manage.According to the company none of the plants is incurring a loss as on date. However, the performance of many plants is not satisfactory, which Genco wants to improve by running these plants with private help.Mahagenco has shortlisted 13 companies and called them to explain the concept. As Genco did not have any particular model in mind, it has also invited suggestions from private players. \"As of date no generation company runs its plants on franchisee basis. So we do not have a model at present,\" a senior official said, adding that the private players will submit their suggestions within 15 days.\"After going through their suggestions we will devise the final model. We want a model that will be acceptable to both parties,\" he said. Unlike power distribution franchisees, generation franchisee is a complicated concept, he said.\"Whether the franchisee would use the existing coal linkage or purchase better quality coal. If the coal quality improves, the cost will go up. Reliance's plant load factor (PLF) is over 100% but its generation cost is higher than us. We want to increase generation but the cost should not increase much, otherwise Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) may not approve our model. So, a balance has to be struck,\" he explained.The company will not offer one or two units in a plant on franchisee basis. \"The entire plant will have to be handed over, since the coal handling plants and many other things are common to all units,\" the official said. One major problem is the age of the generation units. Many private companies do not have experience in running the 20 to 30 year old units. Barring a few private companies like Tata and Calcutta Electric Supply Company (CESC), most private players have entered power generation only in the last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184388", "title": "Students leave Kolkata for wider career scope", "text": "KOLKATA: Students, who are waiting for their plus two results are ready to leave the city for a better career scope and wider subject choice. The students are citing the absence of upgraded career assistance as reason behind the migration. While the students are ready to pack their bags, Pune, Bangalore and Delhi are the turning out to be the hot destinations.With only a 'handful of good colleges' in the city, students are trying their luck in other cities for an undergraduate degree.Eighteen-year-old Shahista Khan has already secured admission at Christ College in Bangalore for a BBA. \"The city has just two good colleges - St. Xavier's and Presidency. And these can't accommodate all the students in Kolkata. We have no other choice but to go to other cities and study. Besides, there are better career opportunities in other cities,\" said Shahista, who was a commerce student at Delhi Public School in Kolkata. She awaits her ISC results before she can move out of the city.It is a busy time for the colleges and career counselors in the country. While the students await their plus two results, there are some who are already packing their bags to leave Kolkata and study in a college of their dreams in some other state. Better career opportunities and a wider choice of subjects lure these young dreamers away. Lack of upgraded career assistance and the laid-back attitude of the city is what these students cite as the reason for the brain-drain from Kolkata.Moving out of the city to study is an old story but the number of outgoing students from Kolkata is increasing every year. \"Colleges in the city do not offer degree or diploma courses on subjects like photography and other vocational courses. Engineering studies and computer science are also way better in some other states,\" said Aditi Patra, a career counsellor with Kolkata-based Success Point. Krish Sen, a Howrah resident, wants to study photography and is planning to move out of the city. \"There are certificate courses for photography in Kolkata. I am planning to go to Fergusson College, Pune or Mumbai to study the subject. Kolkata does not offer it and even if it does, I am not sure about the placement,\" said Krish who was a humanities student at a Howrah School.Outstation students constitute a major portion of students in Pune colleges and many belong to Kolkata. \"We receive 3000-5000 outstation applications every year but as per the university's rule, only 10% of them get admission in the undergraduate courses. Of that, around 2% are from Kolkata. Our college has around 50-60 students from Kolkata currently and the number is increasing every year,\" said N M Kulkarni, vice-principal of Fergusson College, Pune. Engineering, computer science and photography are the popular subjects at the college for which outstation candidates bid the most. Delhi colleges like Hindu, Miranda House, Lady Shriram College and St Stephens are the hot spots for students from Kolkata. \"B Com and economics honours are the most sought-after degree courses and there are a decent number of candidates from Kolkata in both the courses,\" said Dinesh Kumar, who handles admissions in Hindu College every year. Bishop Cotton Collge for girls in Bangalore too records around 150 outstation candidates which include at least 10 students from Bengal every year.\"Parents do not want their kids to go out and study, but the kids want a better future and good job prospects. They want to go out of Kolkata and study for a better exposure,\" said Rupa Talukdar, a Kolkata-based counsellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13178863", "title": "Gondia's nurses protest patient kin's 'misbehaviour'", "text": "GONDIA: Kuwar Tilak Singh (KTS) Government Hospital staff, including the nursing staff, came to work with black badges to protest against alleged misbehaviour by a patient's relatives. The patient was admitted to the hospital on Monday.Sources said that when nurse Archana Bhure was attending to the patient, his relative Raju Larokar demanded special treatment for him. When she replied that everything shall be done as per laid down norms by the government, Larokar threatened her with dire consequences.Bhure reported this matter to her union leader who decided to observe Wednesday as protest day. All of them decided to work with black badges.Speaking to TOI, the matron said that nurses are the only category among government servants in Gondia who are working round the clock in both the hospitals of the town in spite of acute staff shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13185138", "title": "Rich nations stall talks on their record of cutting emissions", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the second day of the Bonn climate change negotiations, the US, the EU and other developed countries tried to stall discussions on whether the rich countries had met their obligations on reducing emissions and financing the poor countries. Many developed countries pushed for talks to take place only on a new single legal treaty that would wipe out all past and existing obligations.The talks got stalled with developed countries opposing adoption of the agenda, which requires pending issues from the Bali Action Plan of 2009 to be addressed before negotiations on this parallel channel come to end this year. Under the Bali Action Plan, the developed countries, including the US, are required to increase their ambition levels to cut emissions.India intervened to say that it was important to address the \"unresolved issues\" and these should not be allowed to fall off the table.India was also in the lead in making a joint statement on behalf of the BASIC countries which includes Brazil, China and South Africa. In a not so veiled threat, the four countries said the negotiations would falter unless the developed countries operationalized their targets to reduce emissions under Kyoto Protocol Phase II by the end of the year.\"The failure in reaching a satisfactory resolution and completion of work of AWG-KP (a channel where rich countries give their targets) at COP 18 (to be held in November 2012 in Doha) without any further conditions would gravely affect the full scope of negotiations and implementation under the climate change regime,\" they said.After EU, along with least developed countries and small island states, pushed for starting talks on a single new treaty in 2012 itself, the major developing countries fear that Kyoto Protocol II would be made redundant before it takes off in 2013 and the firewall between rich and poor countries' responsibilities breached unless principles of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities are first addressed.At the Bonn talks which are scheduled to run for two weeks, the BASIC countries in a joint statement expressed \"serious concern\" about \"ship-jumping\" by developed countries like Canada and Japan renouncing their commitments under Kyoto Protocol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178699", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee is UPA II\u2019s Mr Fixit", "text": "NEW DELHI: There are 37 groups of ministers (GoMs), of which finance minister Pranab Mukherjee heads 24, and while some of the ministerial panels like those on civil aviation, fertilizer, coal and environmental issues are active, there are others that are all but defunct.The government told BJP MP Haribhau Jawale that of the 37 GoMs, 11 are empowered GoMs, all headed by Mukherjee, underlining the senior minister's role as UPA-II's Mr Fixit. Home minister P Chidambaram heads nine GoMs, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar (2) and defence minister A K Antony (1).The GoMs that do not seem to be going anywhere includes ones on locations of a national war monument, administrative reforms, modernization of Delhi's transport system, Greenfield airport near the Taj, honour killings and reports of the high-level committee on Commonwealth Games.In its response to queries raised by Jawale, the government said 47 other GoMs were set up since UPA-II took office in May, 2009, and these had either submitted their reports or concluded their business.With government often facing criticism over resorting to GoMs when the Cabinet does not seem to agree on policy, the information provided by the cabinet secretariat presents a mixed bag. Some GoMs are proving useful, particularly empowered groups like the one that will oversee the auction of cancelled 2G licences.The EGoM on procurement and management of foodgrains has also been in business, although it is for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take a call on options like allowing exports and moving stocks into the market to control inflation and create space for fresh harvests.The number of GoMs in UPA-II is less than in UPA-I, where the figures had touched around 80 at one point in time.Despite the government having made it clear in response to an RTI query that there is no designated number 2 who holds charge in the PM's absence, the GoMs make it clear that Mukherjee remains the man for the occasion should the Cabinet meet if Singh is not in the capital.The government has, in response to an RTI question, said the standing instructions are that the senior most minister will head a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs in case the Cabinet needs to meet in an emergency situation. That would be Mukherjee, and in his absence, Antony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13191136", "title": "Learn science the 'do-it-yourself' way", "text": "MANGALORE: In a novel attempt, a former scientist of Indian Space Research Organization (Isro)'s satellite centre, is all set to change the way science is taught in the coastal region. Sujata Virdhe, who was instrumental in developing power circuits of many satellites, will soon launch a school, where children will learn different aspects of science through hands-on experiments, in the city.Virdhe's Sunday Science School (SSS) will follow the do-it-yourself concept of teaching science. In the school study is practical-oriented and children between the age group of 10 and 15 will be allowed to conduct experiments like making hydraulic arm, solar car, rain gauge and wind vane, generation of electricity and many more on their own. According to Virdhe this way of teaching will help them understand the basics of science thoroughly.The school will also have specially designed science activity programmes to make the learning a fun-filled experience for children. Virdhe has already opened two branches of SSS in Bangalore and is planning to expand it to cities like Udupi, Mysore, Dharwad and Hubli.Virdhe said, \"We provide the children with simple explanation and step by step illustrations. Our education system produces scores of technical clerks year after year. However, ssSSS will help broaden a child's knowledge of the world, experimentation skills, logical thinking and ability to present an idea aptly. In SSS each child is an active learner.\"The home laboratory of SSS comprises over 22 \"take-home\" working science models and activities. Students will be given the opportunity to do over 50 science projects and activities in 25 Sundays in an academic year. They will have to spend only two hours on every Sunday in the school. \"There will be no examination and the kids will get more time for activities and interactions,\" she added.The school will open in the beginning of the academic year 2012-2013.Virdhe, who is an applied physicist and PhD holder from Pune University, has 23 years of experience in the field of satellite power systems, solar energy and indigenization of electronic components at ISRO. She took voluntary retirement from ISRO to concentrate on her passion for teaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13187973", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation employees withdraw agitation", "text": "NASHIK: Claiming victory, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) employees' union withdrew their indefinite agitation on Wednesday morning after their demands were accepted by senior officials.However, the officials claimed that the agitation was more of a publicity stunt, staged against the backdrop of the ongoing process of formulating a wage agreement between MSRTC and the employees' union.\"We withdrew the agitation in the early morning after the papers were inked by senior officials,\" said Sudhakar Wakchoure, divisional president of the kamgar sanghatana, recognised by the corporation.The employees' union had demanded that better ticket vending machines be given to the conductors since continual technical snags often resulted in the cancellation of bus routes and it also led to recruiting more people many of whom were from the central office.\"While the administration maintained that the demands were related to the central office and that they were being pursued, the union did not appear to want to reason over the matter,\" a senior official said.\"Of the fourteen demands, only two were related to the depot for which there was no need for an agitation, where \" the official said, adding that the administration finally approved to the demands wherein the issues within the jurisdiction of the divisional controller only would be solved. However the issues related to the central office would still be pursued.A N Pathak, the in-charge at the Panchavati depot said that the strike had affected less than 5% of early morning trafffic (before 6.30am).Nitin Jagtap, regional secretary of S T Kamgar Sena, disagreed with the union over the agitation.\"All tissues raised by the sanghatana are related to the annual agreement and should have been raised with the central office. It is the same organisation that had inked the earlier agreement which it failed to implement. The agitation did nothing more than making a fool of the administration and holding passengers ransom,\" Jagtap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13189546", "title": "TET appointment letters on May 20", "text": "GUWAHATI: Education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Wednesday announced that the candidates who cleared the first-ever state-conducted Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) will be given their appointment letters on May 20 at Sarusajai Stadium.Addressing a meeting, Sarma said, \"There were around 28,213 posts vacant and we have selected 26,100 candidates. Some of the seats are still vacant as we could not find suitable candidates for these posts in the 6th schedule areas. However, these posts will soon be filled up.\"Regarding the distribution of the appointment letters, the minister said that every candidate will have to bring their TET marksheet along with them on May 20 and only after showing the mark sheet, the appointment letter will be handed over to them. \"If a candidate cannot be present on that day, he/she must inform us so that their appointment letter can be sent by post,\" Sarma said.Around 18,257 candidates have been selected for lower primary, 2,120 candidates for upper primary to teach Math and Science and 5,732 candidates to teach Social Science. Sarma added that the selected candidates can see their names and the district they are to be posted at in the TET website on Wednesday evening.A special orientation programme will be organized for the selected candidates from June 1 to 5 and during the programme, the candidates will be told about their place of posting.Other than that, an academic inspector will also be appointed for every 15 schools, who will monitor the classes as well as the teachers' performances.The minister also mentioned that a special diploma in elementary education (D.ED) course would be introduced for the selected candidates from next year itself and by 2015, all the teachers will have to enroll themselves for the course.\"The course has been approved by the National Teachers' Council and the course will be conducted by KK Handique Open University at distance learning mode. The course will be free of cost as the government will be investing Rs 20,000 on each candidate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13190214", "title": "AGP general conference begins", "text": "GUWAHATI: The outgoing central executive of the AGP sat for the final time on Wednesday, on the first day of the party's general conference; it hands over charge to the new committee on Thursday.The senior leaders of the party assembled at the Ambari head office on Wednesday morning to discuss the various issues that the outgoing committee is going to leave for the new one to handle. The party's political and financial matters were discussed in the meeting.\"We have discussed and made reports of the party's political and financial activities during my tenure. The outgoing executive committee has passed on the reports, which will be submitted to the new committee tomorrow in the conference,\" said AGP president Chandra Mohan Patowary, who is going to hand over the charge to Prafulla Mahanta on Thursday.The party's general conference reception committee has invited Sikkim chief minister Pawan Chamling and Zoramthanga, the former chief minister of Mizoram. Though Chamling has not given consent to it yet, the Mizoram regional party's members are coming to attend the conference.\"The party was divided and united several times in the past due to lack of coordination, which made the local people lose their trust in us. It's unfortunate that the people of Assam , who formed the party, have taken away their mandate for us. The party's workers at all levels must work united in the future or we will fail again,\" Patowary added.Brindavan Goswami and Prafulla Mahanta were not present at the event. \"Goswami has been maintaining a distance from the party's activities in the recent past. He must leave this attitude for the party's welfare,\" said a party source. Mahanta couldn't attend the function due to medical reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13179220", "title": "Uproar in Yavatmal Zilla Parishad meet over water scarcity", "text": "Yavatmal: The special general meeting of the Yavatmal Zilla Parishad on Tuesday to discuss drinking water scarcity across the district witnessed noisy scenes as the opposition party members took the ruling members to task. The opposition raised several issues during the meeting which stretched till late evening without taking any noteworthy decisions.ZP president Pravin Deshmukh and his deputy Yayati Naik made their best efforts to pacify the agitated opposition members but of no avail. The agenda of the meeting was to finalize the proposal to combat the prevailing water scarcity, planning of seeds and fertilizers for the ensuing kharif sowing and Maharashtra Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MREGS).The meeting began with the issue of the outcome of the taluka-level meetings arranged by the ZP president on water scarcity problem in the last few days. Opposition group leader Pratap Rathod, former president Rahul Thakre and former vice-president Balasaheb Mangulkar wanted to know what action was taken after the meetings.Ex-chairman of social welfare committee Prakash Kasawar raised the issue of the fluoride prone water supplied in 434 villages in the district. Another former vice president Narendra Thakre wanted to know why only one tanker was deployed in Maregaon despite the fact that there was acute water scarcity in most of the villages.Earlier, a sum of 5.98 crore was allotted for water scarcity works but what is the latest allocation, asked Rahul Thakre. However, president Pravin Deshmukh said that he would answer all questions after hearing all the members. Irked by the reply, opposition members alleged that nothing was done by the present administration to combat the water scarcity.Pratap Rathod said that the ZP administration had miserably failed in implementing the various water supply related schemes and demanded filing FIR against the officials concerned.Balasaheb Mangulkar invited the attention of the president towards irregularities in appointing the engineers in Yavatmal Panchayat Samiti to carry out works of the Bharat Nirman Yojana and said that an electronics engineer has been appointed to supervise construction works. The meeting concluded late evening without taking any concrete decision to combat the prevailing water scarcity and the other subjects in the agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13183643", "title": "Separate pay scale for government doctors: Chief minister", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government is mulling a separate pay scale for the government doctors in a bid to make their salaries distinct and better as compared to other services. This was announced by the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan while addressing the health officials at the inaugural function of 'Sampoorn Swasthya Sabke Liye' (Health for all) at the Samanvavy Bhawan.The government doctors from the state have threatened to resign en masse, on July 1, that happens to be Doctor's day. The government doctors under the banner of Madhya Pradesh medical officers association (MPMOA) have been demanding better pay scales and perks along with timely promotions.Chouhan further said, \"The Government doctors were better than their private counterparts.\"Reacting to the CM's statement, MPMOA president Dr Lalit Shrivastava said, \"Four years ago we were promised 4-tier selection grade but it has not been implemented, rather it is has been withdrawn. The chief minister's statement is welcome but it has to translate into action.\"Sources said that the MPMOA had called for a separate pay scale for doctors in its discussions with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13204752", "title": "Dj Harpz is back with Jaan Nachdi", "text": "After the success of 'Disco Dha Dance' and 'Tera Suit', Dj Harpz is back with his brand new single 'Jaan Nachdi' taken from the debut album 'You Think You Know' which features the vocalists Bakshi Billa.Having been signed to VIP Records for many years and having DJ'd all over the world for the last 7 years, Dj Harpz has been working under the guidance of Twin Beats and is now ready to unleash his sound to the world!'You Think You Know' features many talented singers including, BakshiBilla, Inder Kooner (En Karma), Sukhwinder Panchi, Meet Malkit, Jaswinder Daghamia, Romesh Chohan, Jaswant Heera and many more.'Jaan Nachdi' features the powerful vocals of Bakshi Billa and is set to release on 24th May.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13182806", "title": "Travel agent arrested for bigamy, parents held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old travel agent who married twice without obtaining a divorce was arrested by the Borivli police recently. Officials are probing claims that the accused also had two live-in relationships - one with a woman in the US with whom he has a child.Divyesh Patel, who hails from Anand in Gujarat, and his parents have been slapped with charges of dowry harassment and cheating. A local court released his parents, Ramanbhai and Bhavnaben, on bail.The complainant, Ramila (name changed), met Divyesh through a matrimonial portal. The couple married in May 2009 and stayed at a rented flat in Bhandup. Ramila said Divyesh used to harass her for dowry. After living together for two years, Divyesh disappeared with his belongings. When Ramila tried to contact him, Divyesh claimed he was on a business trip and would take time to return.\"As months passed, Ramila sensed something was amiss and contacted Divyesh's friends. She found that he married another woman in Gujarat in February 2012. Some of his friends had attended the wedding, as had his parents,\" inspector Ashok Gajbhiye said.On April 23, Ramila lodged an FIR against her husband and in-laws with the Borivli police.Based on the information provided by Ramila, a police team picked up Divyesh from his hometown on May 12. The Gujarat police also booked him in a separate fraud related to visas in Anand.\"Ramila told us Divyesh had stayed in the US between 1998 and 2008, where he worked at a petrol pump. He had a live-in relationship with a woman there and had a child with her. But the authorities deported him in 2008 because he had overstayed. He also had another live-in relationship, which he broke off before marrying Ramila,\" a police official said.The police recorded statements of the people who attended Divyesh's second wedding. They are yet to verify Ramila's claims about her husband's live-in relationships. His parents' passports have been impounded. Ramila has accused them of taking away her jewellery. A local court remanded Divyesh to police custody till May 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13186001", "title": "I am raring to go, says Yuvraj Singh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Yuvraj Singh is determined to make an early comeback. \"I have recovered completely and will start training within a couple of weeks.It is the foremost thing on my mind at present and I am raring to go,\" India's ace batsman Yuvraj said on the sidelines of World Cup felicitation ceremony at Punjab Bhawan on Wednesday.The man-of-the-tournament in India's World Cup triumph insisted that it will certainly be well before the end of this year. He was awarded Rs 1 crore by the Punjab government even as the reward came in after a long gap. The cricketer was accompanied by his mother Shabnam, brother Zoravar and his extended family.Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal lauded the spirit of Punjab sportspersons, but reserved special praise for Yuvi. \"Aj de function da lada ta Yuvi hai (Yuvi is the bridegroom of today's ceremony),\" he joked and followed it up with a quip whether Yuvi was already married or still single.Alluding to Yuvraj's six sixes, the witty politician claimed that he also wished to hit a six but has only managed a \"panja\" (fiver) till now, referring to his five term as chief minister.Sufi singer Lakhwinder Wadali's renditions, especially his \"Nitt khair manga teri\", delighted both Yuvraj and Shabnam. Later, Yuvraj climbed on the stage to hug and thank the young singer for his blessings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13193750", "title": "Now, it\u2019s tough life of jail for Nimmagadda, Brahmananda", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was an uncomfortable experience for UT No. 5852 at the Central Prison, Chanchalguda. The changed 'Matrix' has resulted in businessman Nimmagadda Prasad ending up in the Chanchalguda prison and having to be strip-searched , as the routine is, for identity verification on admission at the jail on Wednesday Former special secretary, ports, investment and infrastructure and another accused in the Jagan assets case, Brahmananda Reddy, was given the undertrial No. 5853. A prison official told TOI that both Prasad and Reddy would have to share the admission block where they will be kept for the night. It is learnt that there are nearly 30 undertrials in the admission block, including pickpockets , those who have been arrested in theft cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13188301", "title": "Uttarlai Air Force station reels under severe water shortage", "text": "Jaisalmer: Air force personnel and their family members deployed at the Uttarlai Air Force station in Barmer adjoining the Pakistan border are facing acute water shortage. The water works department is supplying less than 50% of the water demand due to which cleaning of planes, its parts and other operational activities are getting affected. The Uttarlai air force administration has written a letter to the district collector in this regard the and the collector has made necessary directions to improve the water supply.Around four days ago, an Uttarlai Air Force station administrative officer writing a letter to the Barmer district collector informed that there is heavy shortage of water at the station as the water works department was not supplying as per the demand and being the summer season, the situation was getting quite serious.In the letter, it was written that around 5,000 families of Air Force personnel reside at the station and the water required for operational activities is around 4.50 lakh gallon whereas the department is supplying only 1.20 lakh gallon or only 25.67 per cent of the actual need. The family members of air force personnel were facing problems due to the shortage of water and other operational work of the force were getting affected.After receiving the letter from the Air Force, district collector Veena Pradhan called a special meeting of the PHED and the discom concerned after which she directed the department to supply a minimum of 2.50 lakh gallons water.The collector accepted that the demand for water by the station is 4.47 lakh gallon but only 1.20 lakh gallon was being supplied. She then directed the department to supply 2.50 lakh gallon of water to the station. Pradhan also directed the discom to look into the matter of frequent tripping of the electricity supply at Uttarlai Air Force station.On the other hand, due to the summer season, the department is not in a position to supply 2.50 lakh gallons of water to the station. A department officer said they can only give 2 lakh gallon to the station as the department has to supply water to nearby villages of Uttarlai too.Sources said the water pipeline to Uttarlai Air Force station has been tapped at many places by the villagers due to which the station was not getting its full quota. The department is ready to supply water through tankers to the air force station to some extent, but it is not possible as there is no storage arrangements at the air force station.\"There is requirement of at leat 4 lakh gallons of water per day, however the station is supplied with just about 2.5 lakh gallons. The district administration has been apprised about it and are confident that the civil authorities will resolve the issue,\" defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13189599", "title": "Marine Park ready to rent out space", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (KINFRA) will shortly begin the process for the allocation of space in its upcoming Marine Park at Beypore.KINFRA officials said they have received eight applications for allotting space in the park since last month when they advertised.The higher level land allotment committee of KINFRA, headed by the principal secretary for industries, will shortlist the occupant companies from the applications received.In a meeting of interested parties held recently, 10 companies have evinced interest in occupying space in the park.But the park is yet to receive coastal regulation zone approval from the Centre. Officials said the corporation will send all the shortlisted applications for the CRZ approval.The work on second phase that will cost Rs 10 crore will begin soon.The fishing sector here will benefit immensely from the park as it provides facilities for storing and packing of fish, according to KINFRA officials. It will also enable the fishermen to export their daily catch on the same day itself.The 23-acre park will be allocated on lease for a period of 90 years for setting up cold storages, warehouses and fish farming.Single window clearance facility is also available for the companies in the park for getting clearance from various departments without any delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13189194", "title": "Maharashtra mining polluting Goa rivers: Shantaram Naik", "text": "PANAJI: An increase in mining activities in Maharashtra is polluting rivers in Goa said Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik.Naik said that mining, especially in areas of Dodamarg and Sawantwadi, was affecting two important rivers of Goa, Tiracol and Colvale which originate in Maharashtra.These rivers are the lifeline of Pernem, Bicholim and Bardez talukas and the pollution was causing permanent damage to the wildlife, Naik added.He urged authorities in Maharashtra to take steps under the respective environment and pollution laws to deal with mining activities and curb the menace.Mining in Sateli has polluted the river Tiracol whereas mining in Kalane has posed a serious threat to the river Kalane, which is the main feeder of the River Colvale.Shantaram Naik felt the issue requires the joint attention of both the Maharashtra and Goa governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12244604", "title": "10 Unlikely turn-ons for women", "text": "Forget tight abs and fast cars. It's the subtle things that are the most entrancingGuys, forget every thing you've been told about what women like. Yes, even if it came from a high-shine glossy magazine. It's not about the fast car or where you party, it's about the subtle things. Sit up and read carefully. And then get ready for the fawning that will ensue.Nicely fitted clothesA man who dresses right is appreciable, but one who wears clothes that are fitted just so says he pays attention to details. That doesn't mean muscle tees that can barely hold in your biceps, or your father's trousers. It means clothes that are tailored nicely, fit just right on your shoulder and enhance your frame. For an extra touch, iron the trousers well and make sure they break at the right length above your shoes. It's between the ankle and heel, if you are wondering.Maintaining friendshipsWomen love it when you choose them over their friends in the first blush of the relationship, but completely losing touch with your gang is a little suspicious. Emphasising your image as a man's man by playing sports (or computer games), drinking scotch and working out makes them feel safe around you and respect you. You don't get there if you are always on call to play driver or help move things. And a little distance away adds to the mystique. Also, knowing that you have friends from school, or even nursery shows that you are loyal. That's a big score.Enjoying her movesIt's creepy if you suggest watching DDLJ, but watching it when she wants to, and gallantly offering a kerchief when she cries is sweet and sensitive. It shows that you don't mind doing an activity you don't enjoy that much, as long as you get to do it with her. A perfect balance of your protective and soft sides.Ordering wineKnowing which wine to order in a restaurant hints at sophistication and travel to exotic locations. It's far more adult than beer. If you don't know about vintages, just order a red or white (after reading up on what goes with what). Just don't step over the line and order a Cosmo.Teasing usWomen secretly like it when you take a shot at them lightly, even if they giggle and pout for a while. They are thrilled inside. Key is knowing what you can make fun of and what's out of bounds. Replaying an exaggerated movement of her silly dance is cute; re-enacting how she fell on her face while wearing sky-high heels is not. The former shows that you watch her closely, are enamored and even think that her graceless movements on the dance floor are cute. The latter shows you are not averse to turning her humiliation into dinner table fodder.V-neck jerseysThis one has a catch. V-necks are a no-no if you have a chest wig in between your man-boobs. if you are toned, wear it under a blazer. A V-neck over a small patterned shirt is cute and stylish, and reminds her of that literature professor she had a crush on. Do you have spectacles to go with it? 7Eating healthyYou're an evolving caveman. You're expected to be able to eat more than her, and perhaps like your meat a little bloody. But drinking a fizzy drink for breakfast and fries for a snack shows you don't care about your body, or worse still, are unaware of health hazards. Or you're just plain immature.Asserting powerThis is not a license to tell her what to do. This means take control when she's feeling indecisive. She doesn't want to be the one planning vacations, or deciding where to go for dinner. Decide, taking into consideration what she wants, of course; and stare back at that creepy guy who is trying to look down her blouse. It shows that you can be depended upon to take charge when a situation gets out of hand. Or when she wants you to.JealousyDon't need to spell this one out. If you are not jealous, you don't care. Or are too cocky and arrogant. If you are jealous of anything male, you are a potential stalker. A little jealousy validates that you have designs on her time and affection and aren't willing to let her go.Hanging out with folksWell, not all the time of course. Enjoying your mom's company shows that you genuinely like her, and chances are you are a welladjusted boy. If you tend to drop your sister off or call her to see when she's coming home, it's a sign that you'll extend the same protection to the woman in your life. And that's a special kind of sexy.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13194176", "title": "'Will resign if TDP can prove my guilt'", "text": "Vijayawada: Reacting angrily over his name doing the rounds in the land grabbing case, school education minister Kolusu Parthasaradhi claimed that he had purchased the land with due consent of the land owner by following all legal formalities.He would not hesitate to give back the land to the owner and even resign from his post if the charges against him and his family are proved. Speaking to reporters here on Wednesday, the minister said that he did not commit any crime in purchasing the land. \"There is not even a cent of government land in the piece I had purchased. I have paid the full amount to the land owner and purchased it through legal means,\" he explained. He said those having a grievance with regard to his land transaction can approach the court, but were throwing mud at him. He said that some TDP leaders were trying to tarnish his image by interfering in a private matter. He asked as to how it would be wrong if he had purchased the land after paying the amount to the owner.On the blunders committed by some private colleges which led to the nonissuance of hall-tickets to some of the Intermediate students for appearing in the advanced supplementary examinations which began on Wednesday, he said that there was no fault on the part of the government and the Intermediate Board.He ruled out postponement of the examination for the sake of 20,000 students at the cost of the interests of 12 lakh students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13200216", "title": "Union hits road for auto survey", "text": "Calling the RTO survey on autorickshaws in the suburbs a \"farce\" , the Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union embarked on its own three-day survey from Wednesday. The RTOs conducted the survey after the state government appointed one-member Hakim committee ordered a detailed survey of autos in Mumbai.\"We distributed the autos in three batches-10 each for normal plying and two each for share autos. Our three offices in Goregaon, Borivli and Kurla will do the survey,\" union president Sharad Rao said. He said the union will also track refusals and take feedback from commuters, which was not part of the RTO survey. The other feature of the union survey is that of share autos.The union members along with commuter groups will trail the autos and make entries of the distance travelled, the time taken at traffic snarls, the waiting period at stands, the names and mobile numbers of passengers and their feedback, the time taken to repair an auto if there is a breakdown, the costs involved , the time taken off duty for snacks, rest, filling gas at the CNG outlets, filling oils, repairing punctured tyres, etc.\"Our objective is to submit the findings to the Hakim committee, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the Bombay high court. Let them compare the official statistics with the one provided by us and judge which is better and scientific ,\" Rao said.Besides, the union is also looking at losses incurred due to supply of rich or heavy gas by the MGL, the cost of living index and daily expenses towards family, the social security , provision for medical expenses, schooling of children , etc.Rao said the union would base its study on the cost of living index of 1993, when the last survey was conducted. \"The present three-day survey by RTO is an eyewash and they don't have manpower and money for it,'' he alleged.Incidentally, both the RTO and Mumbai Grahak Panchayat are not supporting the union survey.PARAMETERSA COMPARISON BETWEEN THE SURVEYS DONE BY UNION AND RTOPASSENGER DETAILSRTO:Makes no entry of passengers , no note on refusalsUNION:Keeps track of passengers , notes reason for refusal by driversDURATIONRTO:An 8-hour shift of 9am to 5pm or 3pm to 11pmUNION:A 12-hour stretch that starts at 7am and ends at 7pmSURVEY SAMPLERTO:Done with 10 autos, five each in suburbsUNION:Conducts with 30 autos of three groups of 10 autos eachSHARE AUTOSRTO:No separate survey despite 100 standsUNION:Deploys 6 autos, 3 groups of two autos each on shuttle standsSURVEY TEAMRTO:Sixty observers who trail the autos, make notingsUNION:36 observers with one union member per autoPERSONAL EXPENSERTO:Does not maintain any record of drivers' expensesUNION:Makes a note of all expenses, including family membersSOCIAL SECURITYRTO:No provision to for social security of driversUNION:Looks into pension, insurance, other benefits for driversMAINTENANCERTO:Doesn't make note of maintenance of vehicleUNION:Calculates daily maintenance cost, repairs, spare parts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kumbakonam/chennai", "code": "13184093", "title": "Protests still haunt Nithyananda", "text": "Kumbakonam/CHENNAI: Self-styled godman Nithyananda, who was recently anointed as the 293th pontiff of the Madurai Adheenam, on Wednesday visited the Kanjanur Agneeswarar temple near Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district. However, the controversial godman's visit to the Madurai Adheenam-owned temple, which is also known as Sri Sukran temple was marred by protests as about 200 people protested his entry into the temple by showing black flags.Nithyananda was accompanied by the adheenam's senior pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar. The protesters gathered under the leadership of Thirupanathal DMK's panchayat union councillor Annadurai in front of the temple since morning and started raising anti-Nithyananda slogans as he and Desikar came in the same car.Slogans like \"Nithyananda, go away, do not enter the temple,\" and \"Nithyananda, you are not welcome here,\" were raised by the protesters. Anticipating trouble in view of his visit, the district police headquarters had already deployed around 300 police personnel under the supervision of superintendent of police Anil Kumar Giri. Police said that the anti-Nithyananda protests began as the protesters were expecting him to be accompanied by a number of women priests, including foreigners.Annadurai charged that Nithyananda, as head of the Madurai Adheenam has not given anything to the temple. The Sukran temple with a rich heritage had for long maintained by the villagers of Kanjanur, Kottur, Manalur and Thugali and Madurai Aaheenam took all the wealth from this temple to build guest houses in the vicinity, he claimed. \"This is precisely the reason we opposed Nithyananda's entry into the temple,\" Annadurai said.Despite the protests, Nithyananda entered the temple and was there for about one hour. After performing the pooja, both the swamis left for Madurai. Interestingly, another group, which was pro-Nithyananda, had also gathered under the leadership of AIADMK's former Thiruvidaimaruthur MLA Bharthi Mohan, and raised slogans welcoming both pontiffs to the temple.Meanwhile, actress Ranjitha recorded her statements before a city magistrate court in connection with her defamation complaint against Kanchi Sankaracharya, Jayendra Saraswathi. Deposing before the chief metropolitan magistrate Nizar Ahamed,Ranjitha said the Kanchi acharya had made malicious statements attributing indecent motive to her relationship with Nithyananda. The magistrate then adjourned the matter to June 6. when another witness cited by Ranjitha will be examined and his statement recorded. Once that formality is over, the court could issue summons to the Kanchi seer, directing him to appear in court.Ranjitha's complaint was returned on Friday last as she was not present when her case was called by additional chief metropolitan magistrate V P Ravindran. She again returned on Monday and presented her complaint.In her complaint, Ranjitha said Jayendra Saraswathi had given media interviews criticising the fact that she accompanied Nithyananda wherever he went. Ranjitha contended that she was a strong believer and she used to attend several religious conferences and discourses. She said she became a disciple of Nithyananda after listening to his discourses. The actor said she had suffered mental agony and stress due to Kanchi seer's \"malicious statements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13202032", "title": "Three arrested with heroin worth Rs 5 crore", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three people were arrested and heroin worth Rs 5 crore was recovered from their possession in Uttar Pradesh's Kushinagar district, police said.Kamlesh Kumar Yadav, Shan Mohammad and Anwar Hussain were arrested from the Bahadurpur police outpost, and illegal firearms and five kilograms of heroin was recovered from their possession, they said.During interrogation, the trio told police that they got the smack from a person in Barabanki and were on their way to deliver the consignment to someone in Bihar's Raxaul district, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13188975", "title": "Court wants SIT to probe TV channels", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court has brought media under the purview of the SIT inquiry into the March 2 violence at the city civil court complex.A special division bench comprising Justices Ajit Gunjal and B V Nagarathna said: \"The SIT is also directed to investigate the broadcasting of certain news items by TV channels on March 2 and subsequent days...\".\"Sensationalism in the form of breaking news and flash news should be curbed,\" Justice Nagarathna said with regard to media, particularly TV channels.The bench said: \"Truthful dissemination is essential. Broadcasting cannot lead to any adverse impact on the integrity of India and security of the state. The essence of Article 19(1)(a) read with Article 19(2) is to have a free and balanced press and broadcast media. There has to be compliance with professional ethics in the dissemination of information by media, particularly electronic media, without any bias, malice or bringing out a conflict in society. In this regard, the Union government should consider the modalities of regulating broadcasting media, including a mechanism for addressing grievances.\"The bench noted that the Cable TV Networks Regulation Act, 1995, has failed to address the issue as it does not include broadcasters. As regards NBSA or NBA , the bench was of the view that they don't possess legal sanctity to be effective.The bench directed the civil court registrar to evolve a system whereby media personnel can report without disturbing anybody. It suggested including a system of accreditation for mediapersons.The team will also look into complaints from lawyers, police personnel and mediapersons. The court asked the state government to provide necessary infrastructure to the team.While setting up the SIT, the court said \"this is no reflection on the state government or local police\".Janardhana Reddy was produced before th CBI court. Scores of lawyers, media personnel and police were involved.The violence at the city civil court occurred the day former minister and mining baron G urt. Scores of lawyers, media personnele and police were involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184435", "title": "Kolkata Metro services at 5-minute interval from Monday", "text": "KOLKATA: The Metro Railway is preparing to run trains at five-minute intervals from Monday. According to sources, the technical aspects have been taken care of and discussions are now on with employees to prepare them for the change. With the present infrastructure, running trains at five-minute intervals - even during the morning and evening peak hours - will require a collective effort. A delay of even a few seconds in a single process may end up disrupting the entire schedule.\"The primary problem was in reversing the rakes at the Dum Dum and Kavi Subhas stations. Till recently, the process of taking a train to the Y-Siding and changing it over to the other line used to take slightly over five minutes. This had to be brought down by at least 30 seconds if trains were to be run at five-minute intervals. After a lot of trial and error, motormen have succeeded in bringing down the time required to reverse a rake. This time will have to be maintained meticulously if trains are to run on time,\" said a source.While discussions have already been held with a section of the staff, another round of meetings has been scheduled for Thursday. Officers are trying to impress upon operating staff the urgent need for running more frequent services.Given the volume of commuters using the Metro now, the load per rake will come down to some extent once trains start running at five-minute intervals. Instead of 10 trains per hour during the peak hours, commuters can avail of 12 trains.\"Trains at five-minute intervals will tax our assets no doubt. At present, Metro has 18 conventional rakes and seven air-conditioned rakes. Of the AC rakes, six are in service. More than half of the conventional ones are nearing the end of their codal life. For a five-minute frequency, more stress will have to be given on maintenance,\" another source said.The Delhi Metro Railway Corporation (DMRC) runs trains in some sections at three-minute intervals during peak hours. But then, Kolkata Metro officials argue that DMRC was planned and constructed nearly two decades after theirs.Running trains at three-minute intervals is not something that the Kolkata Metro is considering at the moment. Even a four-minute frequency may be difficult to attain unless the Train Protection and Warning System (TPWS) is installed and processes are improved. Given the teething troubles that Metro has faced after installation of automatic signals recently, officials are keeping their fingers crossed about the increased frequency.They are planning to start five-minute services without much fanfare and go to town about their achievement after things settle down a bit.\"Officials are taking a lot of effort to run trains at five-minute intervals. It will be a great achievement for us. We hope to start running five-minute services from next week,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13190463", "title": "Lipstick you use can be fake", "text": "LUDHIANA: The lipstick you are wearing might be fake!City police blew the lid off a thriving business of spurious cosmetics and baby care products, seizing goods worth Rs 25 lakh and arresting two men. Police raided a wholesale store in Gur Mandi, a refilling factory and a printing press in Haibowal that made fake stickers and packing materials.Cops said the raids were carried out on Monday evening on the complaint of Ramesh Dutt, an operational director of Speed Network Company that looks after legal issues of about 60 multinational companies. ''This is just the tip of the iceberg... We will conduct more raids in the city to ensure that the innocent customers are not cheated by shopkeepers selling spurious material that is also harmful for their health. One of the arrested owned the printing press while the other owned the refilling factory,'' said deputy commissioner police Ashish Chaudhry.The confiscated cosmetics include branded facial creams, scrubs , lipsticks, sunscreen , nail paints and hair dyes for women as well as tissue papers, lotions and creams for babies.''We received a lot of complaints about the products from the wholesale shop. So we bought some of the spurious material and got it tested in a laboratory. Convinced that they were fake products we filed a complaint with the Ludhiana police, which led to the raid and arrests on Monday,'' said Dutt. He added that the spurious creams, which were worth only about Rs 60, were being sold for more than Rs 700 to customers and at over 60% rebate on printed price to wholesale buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13181111", "title": "Contractors hit a new low with bids", "text": "MUMBAI: In a first, contractors, who are known to submit inflated bills for the smallest of projects, have bid abnormally low-between 40% and 60%-for petty civil works in 24 wards and four hospitals.A total of 116 contractors have bid for the two-yearly (2012-14) ward-level contracts. Such low bids (the price quoted by a contractor to carry out a project) are bound to affect the quality of work at the ward level.TOI has learnt that the bids are likely to be rejected by the standing committee unless the civic administration makes certain changes before they are tabled for final approval.Confirming the development, Rajiv Kuknur, chief engineer, planning and design, said, \"The bidding has been between 40% and 60%. The scrutiny will take a few more days. It is difficult to ascertain the reason behind such low bidding.\"Few contractors, on condition of anonymity, admitted quality work is unlikely when such low bidding has taken place. \"How can one get materials at such low rates? The bidding has been abnormally low. This will inevitably lead to more corruption,\" said a contractor.The maximum number of low bids are from the eastern and western suburbs and range between 50% and 60%. In the island city, the bids are a shade better and range between 40% and 50%.According to the procedure, the bids, after being scrutinized by the tender committee, are sent to the standing committee for final approval.Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, \"How can any work take place when such low bidding has taken place? It is impossible to maintain the quality of work. This is the first time we have received such low bids and action needs to be taken. Technically, such low bidding is not possible. There has to be a problem. Such rates will not be approved by the standing committee.\"A note sent by the BMC's chief accountant (finance) Ram Dhas earlier this year to the director (engineering services), additional municipal commissioners and the municipal commissioner stated how contractors carrying out petty/minor works at the ward level were, in connivance with local ward staff and corporators, getting budgetary provisions made for works that were not necessary.Former civic chief Subodh Kumar had appointed a two-member panel to overhaul the civil work contracts (CWC) system. Following this, a slew of measures were introduced. in the newly-floated tenders.After reducing the civil work contracts from 110 to 31, the civic body introduced a clause wherein a contractor was asked to submit the bill within 15 days of the completion of the work or face a 5% deduction in the payment. The penalty rises to 10% in case the contractor fails to submit the bill within a month. The contractor is given no payment at all if he fails to submit the bills within 45 days, the penalty will rise to 10 per cent, and if he does not submit within 45 days, he will not be given any payment at all.WORST WARDSWard---------------------------------------------- CONTRACTOR ---------------------------- % bidK-West (Vile Parle, Andheri) --------------- Narendra Construction----------------------- 60.10P-North (Malad) -------------------------------- Delari S.S -------------------------------------- 59.81P-South (Goregaon) --------------------------- Devang Construction ----------------------- 59.10R-South (Kandivili) ------------------------------ Akash Engg Construction ----------------- 58.56G-North (Dadar) ---------------------------------- Akash Engg Construction ----------------- 57.66R-North (Dahisar) -------------------------------- Delari S.S. ------------------------------------- 56.10N (Ghatkopar) ------------------------------------- Narendra Construction --------------------- 54.00S (Vikhroli) ------------------------------------------ Delari S.S. ------------------------------------- 54.00H-West (Bandra) ---------------------------------- Sandeep Traders ---------------------------- 53.90F-North (Matunga) -------------------------------- Hemang ---------------------------------------- 53.50G-South (Prabhadevi) ---------------------------- Choudhari Constructions ------------------ 52.50", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13202794", "title": "Manthrikan is ready for release", "text": "The multi starred 'Manthrikan' has reached its post shooting phase and is ready for release. Jayaram and Poonam are in the lead roles.The movie is directed by Anil and produced by Anand Kumar under the banner of ' Yes Cinema'.Riyas Khan, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Shajon Kalabhavan, Ramesh Pisharady, Indrans, Anil Murali, Muktha, Priya and Sudha Nair are some of the other stars in the movie.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178590", "title": "AB de Villiers' paddle shots are extraordinary, says Dilshan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tillakaratne Dilshan, the inventor of one of modern cricket's most remarkable stroke, the 'Dilscoop,' admires similar innovators of the game.His Bangalore teammate, AB de Villiers from South Africa is one such cricketer. Dilshan, though, feels it isn't right to brand de Villiers' strokes over the wicketkeeper's head as versions of 'Dilscoop'.\"They are more of paddle and reverse-paddle sweeps. They are not easy strokes to play and take an extraordinary eye to execute them to perfection,\" Dilshan said on the eve of Bangalore team's IPL 5 encounter on Thursday.The entire arsenal of AB was on show during his extraordinary 17-ball 47 against Hyderabad. The South African ODI captain played both these strokes with ease even off the express pace of national teammate Dale Steyn. \"It is not easy for bowlers to bowl to a batsman like AB. He has a huge zone where he can hit boundaries. The paddle shot he hit off Steyn for six was absolutely stunning,\" the Lankan opener said.Dilshan knows that Bangalore have their back against the wall in their effort to qualify for the playoffs. \"We are definitely in a must-win situation and facing a team like Delhi is a tough proposition. It just tells us that the team needs to put everything into this encounter,\" he said.Although Dilshan has been consistent in IPL 5 so far with 271 runs at an average of 45, the Lankan is yet to explode. Bangalore, who defeated Delhi in their previous encounter, know what they are up against. \"They are a much more strong side now with the addition of the likes of Mahela Jayawardene and David Warner. But we also have a powerful and experienced middle-order and AB is a crucial player in this department,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ponda/bicholim", "code": "13189495", "title": "High poll response in Ponda, Bicholim", "text": "PONDA/BICHOLIM: Ponda witnessed a 79.91% voter turnout in the village panchayat polls on Wednesday. The use of ballot papers had delayed the voting process and huge queues were seen in front of several polling booths in Ponda.Ponda has 19 village panchayats with 90,174 voters. About 72,000 voters cast their franchise to elect 162 members constituting the 19 panchayat bodies. Ponda mamlatdar Amul Gaonkar said that the maximum voter turnout of 90.49% was seen in Durbhat village panchayat, while Betki-Khandola village panchayat witnessed the lowest turnout at 39.32 %.Bicholim taluka recorded an overall 90% voting in 17 village panchayats from Bicholim, Mayem and Sanquelim constituency.The election process was held peacefully without any untoward incident in 125 booths at 81 polling stations. The number of youth voters was high, besides aged voters who also came out in numbers after realizing the importance of each vote due to which the polling percentage remained high. PI Ninad Deulkar and DySP Gajanand Prabhudesai monitored the situation due to which the election was conducted peacefully.Bicholim mamlatdar Chandrakant Shetkar said that the highest percentage recorded was at Navelim village panchayat at 95.23%, while the lowest was recorded at Sal panchayat, which was 87.23%. The counting will be held on Thursday at Hirabai Zantye memorial hall, Bicholim, from 8am onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13188616", "title": "Ambulances not kept at strategic locations, says audit", "text": "CHENNAI: The CAG report for 2010-2011 pointed out that none of the 20 ambulances in these hospitals had life-saving equipment like ventilators . The ambulances were also not placed at strategic locations on highways. As per the Centre's guidelines, the ambulances should be kept at strategic locations in consultation with the transport and police authorities so as to reach the accident site within the shortest possible time. The CAG said the ambulances were found to have been kept in the hospitals. \"Audit scrutiny of records revealed that the ambulances were only used to carry patients to other hospitals. The task of taking victims from accident sites was left to the '108' free ambulance service,\" the report said.It said two ambulances - one each in Cuddalore and Tenkasi - had met with accidents and the department had not taken any action to replace them. Health minister V S Vijay said that the state government was working towards bringing down the number of deaths by improving accident and trauma care facilities across all government hospitals. \"We will strengthen infrastructure and increase the number of doctors and paramedical staff,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "13184673", "title": "Youth kills six-year-old for earrings in Bengal", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: A miscreant killed a six-year-old girl for a pair of earrings in Mahismari village under Hariharpara police station on Wednesday.The incident took place when the victim, Rina Khatun, cried for help while the accused Nasirul Sheikh was trying to snatch her earrings. \"Rina was strangled to death and later the accused tried to hide the victim's body near the burning place of a local brick kiln,\" said sources. Nasirul's frequent movements in and around the kiln raised suspicion among the villagers, who went to his house to find the truth.\"After we reached there, his mother Hasina told us that he had not returned home since last two days. But we didn't give up and broke open one of the rooms, which was locked, and found the accused inside there,\" said a local. After being beaten up severely, Nasirul admitted that he had murdered Rina. Later, the villagers handed Nasirul over to police who admitted him to Behrampore new general hospital.Indra Chakraborty, additional SP, Murshidabad said: \"We have arrested Nasirul and started a case against him.\"Saiful Sheikh, uncle of Rina, said: \"We can't imagine anybody can be so cruel for just a pair of earrings. We demand severe punishment for Nasirul, who has already confessed everything before police.\"\"The entire village knew Rina for her sweet smile. in the entire village and she could easily make intimacy with anybody for her sweet smiling. Village women, on their way to take a bath in the river, found Rina's body near the brick kiln,\" said Altab Sheikh, grandfather of Rina.Ramij Biswas, a villager, said: \"Nasirul was caught several times before in snatching cases. But, we could never imagine that he would kill an innocent child for a pair of earrings.\"not imagine he has so much deteriated and everybody want his punishment as nobody dare to kill any innocent child for such reason.'Nasirul Sheikh planned to snatch one 6 years old girl's ear ring and drew rings from ear and killed her as she shouted for help. This incident happened at Mahismari village under Hariharpara police station on Wednesday. Accused youth Nasirul tried to hide Rina Khatun (6)'s body at the burning place of village brick factory. Villagers found Nasirul was going to the brick field again and again suspiciously. Then villagers went to Nasirul's house, but Nasirul's mother Hasina told that he is out of home for two days. Mob found one room was locked and broke the lock and recovered Nasirul and beat him up. Nasirul confessed that he had murdered Rina for a pair of ear rings. Villagers informed police and handed over to police, police admitted injured Nasirul to Behrampore new general hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13179962", "title": "Engineering student commits suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old engineering student of a private college here in the city hanged himself with his lungi from an elevated window inside his hostel room after appearing for his university examination on Tuesday afternoon. His room mate was in the room but sleeping when the incident took place.According to the college management and students, the victim was a bright student and it is unclear why he took this drastic step. However, students say that the victim appeared aloof and disturbed for the past couple of days.\"The exact reason for the suicide is unclear but it seems there was some personal reason behind the incident. It does not seem to be a case of exam stress. We will trace calls from his mobile phone and try to identify the reason for his suicide,\" said P Thirumeni, Inspector (Law and Order), Kuniamuthur Police Station.M Dilip Kumar (19), a second year mechanical engineering student of Sri Krishna College of Engineering and Technology hailing from Namakkal district was found hanging inside room no 101 of the college hostel on Tuesday afternoon. He had appeared for 'Heat and Mass Transfer' examination in the morning and had left the hall by 11.30 am. He shared a room with three other students, one of whom was present when Dilip returned from his exam. The room mate was asleep and when he woke up he saw Dilip hanging from the window. The students and authorities rushed him to the hospital where he was declared dead.\"He was one of the brightest students in the college and was also a government merit scholarship holder. We are deeply saddened by his demise and most students are still in a state of shock. The last exam he took was easy, according to the students,\" said DR S Annadurai, Principal, Sri Krishna College of engineering and technology.Dilip Kumar hailed from a modest family and his father Murugesan is a lorry driver. He was also the first person in the family to have attended college. The entire family had its future pinned on him. College authorities claim that Dilip was an introvert, focussed only in academics with not many friends. He was however planning to shift out of the hostel along with some other students and had even pooled in Rs 8,000 as advance payment. He had left behind a suicide note in which he had scribbled his father's contact details along with instructions to claim the advance money and clear loans acquired from friends.The entire family of the deceased residing in Rajeev Nagar in Namakkal is in a state of deep shock. They arrived in the city to receive his body. His father Murugesan claimed that he had spoken to Dilip at around 11.45 am on Tuesday, a few minutes after his son came out of the exam hall.\"I don't know why he did it. There may have been a personal reason behind his suicide. We are all in shock. He was our only hope. I really would like to know why it happened,\" said Murugesan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13185471", "title": "Chargesheet against Italian naval guards tomorrow", "text": "KOCHI: The special investigation team (SIT) will file a chargesheet against Italian naval guards Salvatore Girone and Massimiliano Latorre on Friday before Kollam chief judicial magistrate court in connection with the killing at sea involving the vessel Enrica Lexie.The chargesheet against the naval guards, accused of shooting down two Indian fishermen mistaking them for pirates, will comprise 150 documents including the report of forensic science laboratory which identified the murder weapons.SIT chief and Kochi city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said that the team had prepared the chargesheet against the marines and it would be filed before the Kollam CJM court on Friday.\"The team has collected relevant evidence to frame murder charges against the marines. The SIT arrested the two on February 19 and it took nearly 89 days to frame the chargesheet. We stuck to the normal deadline of 90 days required to file the chargesheet in the case registered under the Indian Penal Code (IPC),\" Ajith Kumar said.The court is expected to begin the trial in the case by the end of May after perusing the chargesheet. \"As of now, we have filed charges only against the marines. In due course, we may include more people in the chargesheet,\" official sources said. Meanwhile, the state police department will wait for another couple of days before taking a final decision on shifting the marines from Poojapura central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13203825", "title": "Mitali Nag invites well wishers for her 'reel' wedding", "text": "Guess who called her mother and friends from her hometown Nagpur to attend her on screen wedding? It's none other than Mitali Nag, the lead protagonist, Krishna, of \" Afsar Bitiya\". Krishna is getting married to Pintu Singh, essayed by heartthrob Kinshuk Mahajan, in the show.While shooting the wedding scenes, the production unit realized that there was no need for the unit to gather an army of junior artists for the Baraatsequenceas the bride, Krishna, had already done the needful. Producer Rakesh Paswan was all smiles and personally welcomed her mom and friends.About her first onscreen wedding, quips a cherubic Mitali, \"I love attending weddings and love all the small rituals attached to the ceremony. Thanks to my profession, fortunately I can have a mock wedding before taking the plunge in real life. I told Rakesh ji that I want the wedding to be as real as possible. I asked for real turmeric paste to be applied during the haldi ceremony and waited for four hours after my pack-up to get my mehendi done. No shaadi is complete without your friends and family and hence I decided to call my mother and my close friends from Nagpur and Mumbai for the shoot to add to the authenticity of the feeling. Like every other Indian mom, my mother also keeps talking about my wedding all the time. I called her over so that she stops nagging me for my real wedding for some time now. The ceremonies associated with the big fat Indian wedding are quite elaborate and if patience is a virtue then after going through the rigmarole, I have mastered that art.\"Talk about getting into the skin if the character, Mitali has taken it to an altogether different level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13182001", "title": "Past efforts to settle lions in Madhya Pradesh had failed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While Madhya Pradesh is pitching Palpur Kuno as second home for the Asiatic lions, attempts to settle lions in the forest near this sanctuary had failed miserably in the past.The Scindias of Gwalior advocated for the forests of Vindhya Pradesh where they had tried to introduce African lions. Sudipta Mitra describes the episode in his book 'Gir Forest and the Saga of the Asiatic Lion'. He writes, \"Lord Curzon, while visiting Gwalior to shoot tigers in 1904, encouraged the Maharaja to rear African lions in his territory and as a good gesture, Curzon wrote a reference letter, which helped him a lot in getting the cubs.\"The king showed interest and allotted annual budget of Rs 1.5 lakh for the project. His official visited Egypt and Ethiopia and managed to ship 10 cubs to Bombay. Three cubs died on the way. The king took personal interest and went to the Bombay port to receive the cubs.The cubs were reared in an enclosure called Tapovan. \"After a year, two females gave birth to five cubs. Enthusiastically, the Maharaja introduced four pairs in the state jungles at Sheopur (near present Palpur Kuno sanctuary) district, called Mohna covering an area of over 1000 square miles, as an experiment to see how the lions could settle down and breed,\" Mitra narrates.But this step proved disastrous. The lions started attacking livestock and finally indulged in man-eating. \"From 1910 to 1912, nine people were killed, they were once again caught and reintroduced in a schedule forest at Sheopur in 1915. Within four years, the lions got disbursed and created panic as man-eaters. Finally, they were killed at Neemach, Panna, Jhansi, Muraina and Lalitpur. By 1928, all had been killed except a lioness, which was eventually tracked down and shot in Jhansi district,\" read the sad account.Various reasons were attributed to failure of this project including as another historian Arthur Blayney Percoval said, \"If anyone was to blame, it was the Maharaja of Gwalior who wished to try and reintroduce the lions, which in the former age abounded in the forest of Schinde.\"Efforts to introduce lions continued post-British era. The first initiative to relocate Asiatic lions from Gir to Chandraprapha forest in Uttar Pradesh was in 1957. But it ended in 1965 after all lions disappeared mysteriously in 1965.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13192291", "title": "SSLC results 2012 Karnataka declared today, girls outshine boys", "text": "BANGALORE: The results of SSLC were announced on Thursday after 12:30 noon by primary and secondary education minister Vishweshwara Hegde Kageri. And the results will be available from 3 pm on the websites, and also through mobiles on Thursday.More than 8 lakh students have appeared for the Karnataka Education Board SSLC exam held in April this year.This year girls outshined boys in the SSLC examinations with a pass percentage of 84.58 against 80.03.The overall pass percentage was 82.26. As many as 7,31,991 candidates appeared for the examination, of which 6,02,147 passed, Primary and Secondary Education Minister Vishweshwar Bhat Kageri told reporters here today.Udupi district stood first with 89.53 pass percentage, followed by Sirsi with 88.31. Hassan was in third spot with 85.92 pass percentage and Bidar last with 63.32 pass percentage, he said.Students in Scheduled Tribe category (75.49 per cent) did better than Scheduled Caste students, who recorded a pass percentage of 72.64 per cent, Kageri said.As much as 77.07 per cent of the candidates from government schools passed, while 85.46 per cent of candidates from unaided private schools passed in the examination, he added.In all, 132 candidates were debarred for malpractices, Kageri said adding that SSLC supplementary examinations would be held from June 18, 2012.He also advised failed candidates,who apply for retotalling or photocopies to enroll in the supplementary exam before the last date of submission, without waiting for the result.A total of 47 schools recorded zero percentage and there were no government schools in it, he said.Kegeri announced distribution of three computers for three students securing the highest marks in each taluka.The results will be displayed in schools on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178115", "title": "24% of men above 25 hypertensive", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 24% men and 22.6% women in India - aged 25 years and above - are suffering from high blood pressure ( BP).Over one in 10 men and women aged 25 years and above have high blood sugar. More women in India (2.5% of adults aged 20 years and above) are obese compared to Indian men (1.3%).Almost one in five (19%) boys, aged 13-15 years (adolescents), and 8% girls smoke tobacco.Among those aged 15 years and above, the prevalence of tobacco consumption is 26% among males and 4% among women.Only 23% men (aged between 15 and 49 years) used condoms during high risk sex between 2005 and 2010, while only 36% men aged 15-24 and 20% women have a comprehensive correct knowledge about HIV.The World Health Statistics 2012 released on Wednesday by the World Health Organization (WHO) point out to worrying trends for Indians.For the first time, the report includes information from 194 countries on the percentage of men and women with raised blood pressure and blood glucose levels.One in three adults worldwide, according to the report, has raised blood pressure - a condition that causes around half of all deaths from stroke and heart disease.One in 10 adults has diabetes. Left untreated, diabetes can lead to cardiovascular disease, blindness and kidney failure, it said.\"This report is further evidence of the dramatic increase in the conditions that trigger heart disease and other chronic illnesses, particularly in low and middle-income countries,\" said Dr Margaret Chan, director-general of WHO.Obesity has been pointed as another major issue plaguing the world. \"In every region of the world, obesity doubled between 1980 and 2008,\" said Dr Ties Boerma, director of the department of health statistics at WHO, adding, \"Today, half a billion people (12% of the world's population) are considered obese.\"The highest obesity levels are in the WHO Region of the Americas (26% of adults) and the lowest in the south-east Asia Region (3% obese).In all parts of the world, including India, women are more likely to be obese than men, and are at greater risk of diabetes, cardiovascular disease and some cancers.This year's report says that in 20 years, the number of maternal deaths has decreased from more than 5.4 lakh deaths in 1990 to less than 2.9 lakh deaths in 2010 - a decline of 47%. However, one-third of these maternal deaths occur in just two countries - India with 20% of the global total and Nigeria accounts for 14%.The report says behavioural risk factors are associated with four key metabolic and physiological changes - raised blood pressure, increased weight leading to obesity, hyperglycaemia and hyperlipidemia.For example, in addition to its direct role in diabetes, raised fasting blood glucose also increases the risk of cardiovascular deaths, and was estimated to cause 22% of coronary heart disease deaths and 16% of stroke deaths.In terms of attributable deaths, the leading behavioural and physiological risk factors globally are raised blood pressure (to which 13% of global deaths are attributed), followed by tobacco use (9%), raised blood glucose (6%), physical inactivity (6%) and being overweight or obese (5%).It has been estimated that raised blood pressure causes 51% of stroke deaths and 45% of coronary heart disease deaths.Worldwide, 2.8 million people die each year as a result of being overweight or obese. Being overweight or obese can lead to adverse metabolic effects on blood pressure, cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and can result in diabetes. Being overweight or obese thus increases the risks of coronary heart disease, ischaemic stroke, type 2 diabetes and a number of common cancers.Between 1980 and 2008, the worldwide prevalence of obesity almost doubled. By 2008, 10% of men and 14% of women in the world were obese, compared with 5% of men and 8% of women in 1980. As a result, an estimated half a billion men and women over the age of 20 were estimated to be obese in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13177841", "title": "BJP flays Sheila Dikshit for letter, seeks PM action", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a dig at chief minister Sheila Dikshit for trying to 'insulate' former NDMC chairman Parimal Rai from a CBI probe, leader of the opposition in Delhi assembly, V K Malhotra has said that he wants the prime minister to take action against officials who have been \"indicted\" by the Shunglu Committee. The committee probed the alleged corruption in CWG projects.In a letter last week, Dikshit had sought home minister P Chidambaram's intervention to ensure that the CBI is not given permission in \"haste\" to probe the role of Rai, an IAS officer of 1985 batch, in the alleged irregularities in construction of NDMC's Convention Centre in Connaught Place. TOI had reported the matter on May 15.\"This is highly objectionable. The chief minister's action amounts to misuse of her office,\" the BJP leader s said.Dikshit also noted in the letter that a number of officers had to take certain decisions bypassing norms and procedures to ensure speedy implementation of CWG projects. Thus, due care must be taken in allowing any investigation against them. Malhotra said along with corrupt officials, action should also be taken against their \"patrons\".Describing Rai as an \"upright\" officer, Dikshit had said there was a need to protect those officers who worked very hard in ensuring speedy completion of CWG projects despite various hurdles. The chief minister said the officials had to take decisions considering the extraordinary situation in the run up to the CWG and government must consider this aspect before taking any decision.Rai was transferred to Goa last month.The CBI, currently probing alleged irregularities in a number of CWG projects, had approached the home ministry in examining Rai's role in execution of NDMC's convention centre.The BJP took on chief minister Sheila Dikshit for trying to \"insulate\" from a CBI probe into the alleged irregularities in implementation of a CWG project by the civic agency. Condemning Dikshit's action, leader of the opposition in Delhi assembly, V K Malhotra said that he wants Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to take immediate action against all those officials who have been \"indicted\" by the Shunglu Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13184926", "title": "Digital recording of fossil sites to boost tourism", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Ecotourism Development Board is going to start a digital documentation of fossil sites in the Narmada basin from May 20 to 30 to develop a fossils tourism circuit.\"The fascinating story of amazing past of Narmada valley, represented by the fossils fins has an in-built potential of developing an innovative tourism circuit in Madhya Pradesh. Fossils tourism circuit can help educate people about the mysteries of palaeoclimate and palaeobiodiversity in the region and motivate them to preserve this invaluable treasure of the plant,\" said chief conservator of forest (research and extension), Pankaj Shrivastav adding that digital documentation of fossils is expected to facilitate development of a unique, unprecedented tourism circuit in central India.TOI had published a series on fossils of Narmada basin highlighting the smuggling of fossils, danger to fossils due to various industries in the area, importance of fossils and potential of fossils tourism circuit.He further said that a small team of photographers, videographer and paleontologists would visit the potential fossils tourism destinations to prepare digital documentation of every site. The team will collect digital data with graphic details during the inspection and conduct a detailed field survey. The information collected will be tested and cross-checked with different sets of stakeholders and experts before finalising the report.The proposal for digital documentation of fossils reads that proposed documentation is very highly specialised scientific assignment aiming at compilation of pictorial information on rapidly depleting fossil wealth in the Narmada basin. The data will be collected from the field, sorted, analysed and compared with the available body of scientific knowledge to draw inference about important fossil localities in Narmada valley. The documentation of fossils sites will also background information.Vishal Verma, a local paleontologist, said that Narmada valley has ample fossils which have thrown light on the history of earth and evolution of life.\"A variety of plant and animal fossils of different ages have been found all along the valley,\" said Vishal adding that the Narmada valley has vide variety of fossils right from micro-organism to most gigantic dinosaur.The first dinosaur fossils in Narmada valley were discovered near Bara Simla hills of Jabalpur in 1828 by Captain William Sleeman. Since then, fossil remains of different dinosaurs have been recovered from various parts of the Narmada valley.Discovery of human fossil of Pleistocene age, the Narmada Man is a unique feature of fossil research. This region has huge fossil records of quarternary deposition in the mid sections of Narmada valley. The area between Jabalpur to Handia has fossils of stegodons, hippopotamus, ostrich, elephants, wild dogs, deer, antelopes, bisons, horse and wild ass from different stratigraphic levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13180313", "title": "Young soldier confident of bagging medal at London Olympic Games", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Ooty's Olympic dreams may very well be fulfilled by a young soldier from the Madras Regimental Centre (MRC) at Wellington in the Nilgiris who has qualified for the London Olympic Games.Twenty-two-year-old Sepoy K T Irfan is the third Indian walker to qualify for the Games when he finished 19th in the World Race Walking Cup at Saransk in Russia on May 12, covering 20km in 1:22:09 hours. The 'A' standard in the 20km walk event for the Olympics is 1:22:30 hours.Since his enrolment in the army, Irfan has been working hard and his perseverance paid off in 2011 when he won the national championship in the 20km walk held in Kolkata and Patiala. He participated in various state and national events, setting records on two occasions in Cochin and Patiala.\"The soldier has made his regiment, the Indian Army and the entire nation proud. Through hard work, unparalleled focus and devotion, he has qualified for the Olympics,\" said Brigadier S S Jadhav, VSM, commandant of MRC.Irfan hails from a modest family in Kizhuparamba village in Malapuram district in Kerala. He chose to join the Madras regiment as a sepoy in 2010 and completed his training period of one year in 2011. At the regiment centre he had been given special one-on-one training.Irfan has won more than a dozen awards including TN State Athletics Championship in 2010, Kerala State Athletics Meet award in 2010, Inter State Athletic Championship held in Bangalore in June 2011 and Open National Athletics Championship held in Kolkata and Patiala in 2011.He returned from Russia just a couple of days ago and is training at the National Institute of Sports/ Olympic squad in Patiala. \"My ambition is to excel in sports at the international level. I have got this far only because of MRC and I am grateful to the regiment. I was given special care and individual training which has enabled me to qualify for the London Olympic Games,\" he said.\"Irfan's achievement will motivate youngsters to join the army. He is the third soldier from MRC to enter the Olympic Games,\" said Jadhav.Famous footballer M Thangaraj, 'dribbler par excellence,' a native of Ooty serving at the MRC, played for the Madras Province. In 1948 he was selected for the Indian Olympic Team. He could not make the trip to England though. In 1953, as a member of the touring Indian team, he played in the USSR and Romania .In 1981, Subedhar Major, I Ibrahim, attached to 9 Madras unit of the MRC, won the bronze medal in the 100 and 400 meters race in the Olympic Games. Ibrahim retired from service a few years ago.Olympic dreamsFamous footballer M Thangaraj, 'dribbler par excellence,' a native of Ooty serving at the MRC, played for the Madras Province. In 1948 he was selected for the Indian Olympic Team.In 1981, Subedhar Major, I Ibrahim, attached to 9 Madras unit of the MRC, won the bronze medal in the 100 and 400 meters race in the Olympic Games.QuoteMy ambition is to excel in sports at the international level. I have got this far only because of MRC and I am grateful to the regiment. I was given special care and individual training which has enabled me to qualify for the London Olympic Games -- Sepoy K T Irfan, athlete", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13190865", "title": "Department of PU education prepares common application form for admission", "text": "DHARWAD: Students seeking admission to I PUC for the academic year 2012-2013 need not buy applications separately from each college. The department of PU Education has prepared a common application form and launched it on its website www.pue.kar.nic.in.Students can download the application form, fill them and submit them to the colleges of their choice.Dharwad deputy director of PU Education Raveendra Ritti said the department has also issued guidelines to principals of government/aided/ unaided PU colleges regarding the procedure to be followed during admission. After the announcement of SSLC results, students should submit separate application for each combination.On receipt of the application, the colleges should collect application fee of Rs 20 and issue an acknowledgement and receipt to the students. Sale or distribution of prospectus is prohibited.The colleges have been asked to record in Form-14 and Form 15 information regarding the receipt of applications and display on the college notice board and website. The department has restricted the number of students for each division to 80. According to the calendar of events released by the department for admission to first year PUC, the colleges will start receiving applications from May 17. The last date for submitting applications is May 25. The colleges will display a common merit list and the list of rejected applications on May 31. The first list of students eligible for admission will be displayed on June 4. The last date for the students in the first list to pay fee and get admitted is June 7.The second list will be displayed on June 9 and students in the second list will have to pay the fee on or before June 13. The third list will be displayed on June 15 and the last date for payment of fees is June 18. The colleges will display the final list on June 20. Ritti said principals should go through the guidelines issued regarding admission procedure and adhere to them. Violation of guidelines will attract penal action, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184377", "title": "Premature twins win 70-day battle for life", "text": "KOLKATA: A Sonarpur couple had wanted to be parents for long. Their prayers were finally answered last August when Rita Debnath conceived twins through In Vitro Fertilization (IVF). But the happiness was short-lived as the mother developed complications forcing the doctors to make an early delivery.Doctors were skeptical about chances of survival. But fate had greater plans for the severely undersized beings who came into the world at 26 weeks. Thanks to the advanced technology and advertent medical staff that the twins survived the 70-day ordeal and have been taken back home healthy. This couple from Sonarpur has been trying to have a baby for long. The wife finally conceived twins through In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) only to develop complications later. This forced doctors to deliver the babies prematurely at 26 weeks. Severely underweight, the two palm sized miracle babies survived serious health complications, thanks to advanced technology and medical staff that snatched the babies from the jaws of death. After spending 70 odd days in hospital, the babies are now back home with the family.Homemaker Rita and her businessman husband Kartik Debnath were over the moon when she conceived the twins towards the end of August last yearthrough IVF. But she developed premature labour pains around the 26th week of pregnancy. \"I conceived after a lot of difficulty and challenges. My world almost came crashing when I developed the complications. I wanted to become a mother at any cost,\" said Rita.She was rushed to a private city hospital Medical Superspeciality Hospital (MSH) in March where doctors tried to check the pain stop the labour from progressing through medication and also because the babies' lungs needed to grow. for the growth of the babies' lung.But with the mother bleeding, all the efforts went in vain. as the woman started bleeding. This sounded the alert for the mother and the babies.\"This complication posed a threat to the lives of the woman and the babies. We had no option but to deliver the babies through a caesarean section on March 2,\" recounted Dr Ashok Mittal, who heads the hospital's neonatology wing at MSH.The baby girl weighed only 500gm, while the boy weighed 900gm. The babies suffered all possible complications associated with premature birth and underweight babies- breathing complication, feeding intolerance, infection in the blood stream, the stomach and patent duct in the heart. Saving the lives of these two tiny babies was a huge challenge that demanded not only the best technology but determination, courage and dedication.The babies were kept in the state-of-the-art neonatal wing equipped with latest gadgets like radiant warmers, dedicated neonatal ventilators, high frequency oscillation ventilator, inhaled nitric oxide gas, phototherapy etc. During their 70-day stay at the hospital, the babies had to undergo laser surgery due to damage in the eye (retinopathy of prematurity).\"It was a huge challenge for the medical team. We are happy to hand over the babies in good health,\" said Mittal. The babies now weigh 1250gm and 1050gm.\"We are thankful to the doctors for saving our bundles of joy. The twins are doing well at home,\" said an elated Kartik. The father, who is a businessman, feels Rs11 lakh spent on the treatment was nothing in comparison to the joy of having the babies in his arms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13178855", "title": "State continues to boil at over 40 degrees, no respite soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The scorching heatwave continued to sweep most parts of Odisha, including the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack on Wednesday, even as chief minister Naveen Patnaik took stock of the measures to combat sunstroke and drinking water shortage across the state.Titlagarh recorded the highest of 45 degree Celsius with mercury hovering over 40 in most other western Odisha districts, causing severe hardships to the people.People of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack experienced yet another hot day with mercury soaring to 42.6 in the twin cities. Busy roads wore a deserted look. Weathermen forecast that the gruelling heat wave would continue for some more days. \"The intense heat conditions will prevail over the next couple of days with high humidity levels,\" said Bhubaneswar Met office director S C Sahu.Naveen asked the districts to supply uninterrupted drinking water in rural and urban areas. \"The officials have been asked to repair tube wells, electric transformers and store emergency medicines to cope up with the sunstroke,\" an official release said.Though a few sunstroke-related deaths were reported from different places of the state, the government is yet to come out with an official confirmation. \"We have been advising people to take adequate precautions before exposing themselves to the heat. Labourers have been asked not to work under the scorching heat,\" a government officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13178901", "title": "KISS branch to function in Delhi", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Kalinga Institute of Social Sciences (KISS) will have its Delhi branch functioning soon. The Delhi government at a cabinet meeting held on May 14 approved the residential school at Najabgarh. \"The initiative would improve the avenues of education for students from SC, ST, OBC and minority communities,\" a media release issued by the KISS here quoted the Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit as saying after the cabinet decision. The founder of KISS, Achyuta Samanta, said the school would provide holistic quality education at par with any good public school.According to the release, construction work for the school had been completed since one year for which the Delhi government had provided 20 acres of land. The government would also provide financial assistance for running the school. The Delhi government had requested founder of KISS Achyuta Samanta nearly two years ago to set up a similar unit in the national capital. A team of senior officials of Delhi government led by chief minister Sheila Dikshit had visited the KISS here last year to study the working of this unique model of tribal empowerment, the release pointed out.The KISS in Bhubaneswar with 16,500 tribal students is considered world's biggest residential tribal institute providing accommodation, food, healthcare and education from KG to PG, vocational training and all basic amenities of life free of cost with a job assurance after completion of the education. The release said besides Delhi, a branch of KISS is already functional in Chhattisgarh. It has also received similar requests from state governments of Jharkhand and Madhya Pradesh to set up replicas of KISS there, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189634", "title": "Blues is the flavour this weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: The Blues are here to drive away your blues. Bangaloreans will be treated to a heady international jazz and blues-rock music festival on Friday and Saturday at Palace Grounds. There will be performances by international artistes Bobby Whitlock of Derek and the Dominos and Texas hall of fame Van Wilks, apart from critically acclaimed Indian performers.Bobby Whitlock, born in Memphis in 1948, the heartland of American Blues, is best known for being part of the famed Derek and The Dominos, recording and co-producing the classic 'Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs'. He has been the writing partner of Eric Clapton , penning songs such as 'Tell the Truth', 'Keep on Growing', 'I Looked Away', 'Why Does Love Got To Be So Sad', 'Anyday' and 'Roll It Over'. Whitlock carries a southern blues/soul touch , something the legendary guitarist loved.In September 2008, Bobby and Marc Roberty (writer/music historian who has profiled Eric Clapton), collaborated on Bobby's autobiography 'Bobby Whitlock A Rock-n-Roll Autobiography' which was released in early 2011. The book traces Bobby's life from \"picking cotton as a boy to turning into a highly acclaimed musician\".The Van Wilks band will be the other star performer in the music festival. In Austin, Texas, Van Wilks has been hailed as a leading guitarist, especially in his 'Bombay Tears'.Declared a perfect cross between Jimi Hendrix and Van Halen , Van Wilks has performed with such acts as ZZ Top.The other performers include Blackstratblues, The Saturday Night Blues Band, Overdrive Trio.The festival is at Eden Garden, Palace Grounds, 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13191603", "title": "No one looks after your vehicle at Sector 41 market", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Like many other sectors, the Sector 41 market is not free of parking woes. People park their vehicles wherever they want in the absence of designated slots. The problem is severe at Krishna market as it is the most favoured market after sectors 22 and 19 among those shopping for clothes.The engineering wing had constructed the market a couple of years ago with ample space allocated for parking. But, there was no one to take care of the parking once the market came into existence.Neither the municipal corporation or traffic police nor the market association have ever thought of managing the parking here. Another market close to the Krishna market faces similar parking woes. The problem here becomes worse on Sundays when the \"two-wheeler bazaar\" is set up for sale and purchase of second hand vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13178612", "title": "Police head constable caught taking Rs 1,000 bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: Demanding a bribe to help an accused get bail from court proved costly for a police head constable. Gautam Bhatkar was caught red-handed by Parseoni anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Tuesday morning while accepting a bribe of Rs 1,000 from complainant Raju Uikey, a resident of Nayakund village in Parseoni.Bhatkar (49) is posted at Parseoni police station. The trap was set near Parseoni bus stop by DySP Sanjay Khandekar and his team.According to ACB officials, Uikey's younger brother Dinesh was charged with kidnapping his minor girlfriend on May 4 at Parseoni police station. Khandekar said the girl had eloped with Dinesh and they had planned to get married, but the girl's father filed a complaint of abduction against him.After investigations, Dinesh was arrested on May 9 and sent to jail on the same day.Police said that though the investigation in the case was under a senior cop, Bhatkar was also asked to look after the documents and other points in the case. So, Uikey had approached Bhatkar to plead for help in getting bail for Dinesh from the magistrate.Khandekar said that after the magistrate has sent an accused to jail, the cops have the power to appeal for bail to the magistrate if they are satisfied with the interrogation. Using this, Bhatkar demanded Rs 5,000 from Uikey but later agreed to take Rs 1,000.Uikey alerted ACB officials and as per their trap plan, he called Bhatkar at a pan kiosk near the bus stop. Around 10.45am Bhatkar was arrested when he accepted the bribe money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178176", "title": "New permits to be issued soon for autorickshaws", "text": "NEW DELHI: Months after the Supreme Court relaxed the cap on the number of autorickshaws plying on Delhi's roads, the transport department has finalized the policy for the 45,000 new permits. The policy will allow only those with a valid driver's licence and a PSV ( public service vehicle) badge to apply for the permit. Interestingly, more than half the city's autorickshaw drivers don't have the badge. The department will come out with a public notice this month.\"The public notice should come out by next week. Then we will start the process of issuing the permits, said a senior government official. The insistence on the PSV badge is to ensure that only trained and genuine applicants get the permit, said the official. \"A PSV badge means that the driver has undergone training from a proper driving school. These badges are verified by the police to make sure that the owners don't have a criminal background,\" added the source. However, with few three-wheeler drivers having such badges, officials admitted that the requisite may prove to be an obstacle. \"But it would ensure that only drivers with bonafide credentials and no criminal background would get a permit,\" said the official.Other permit requirements include a copy of the loan agreement between the applicant and the bank. Only RBI approved financial institutions will be allowed to finance the vehicles. This is to prevent local financers from getting into the scene, said officials. Women applicants will be given preference, in both general and reserved categories. The permits will be non-transferable for five years. However, once the five-year term is over, the permit can be surrendered and issued to someone else, but in the same category. \"An exception will be made for the kin of permit holders who expired during the permit years. In those cases, permits will be transferred to the next of kin,\" added the official.Sources said that the department will begin by issuing 3,000-5,000 permits every month. \"This is to keep a check on the number of permits being issued so that the cap of one lakh is not breached too soon,\" added the official. The new permits will also come with a GPS-based fare meter. A service charge though, will have to be paid by the permit holder at the time of the annual fitness check for the GPS.TSRs that are already running will have to also install GPS once the notice for new permits comes out, said officials. \"The panel of vendors is ready, and once the public notice comes out, existing autorickshaws will have to get the GPS installed,\" said the official. DIMTS will be operating the backend GPS server and tracking the vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13179124", "title": "X-ray machines to boost octroi collection", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to stem corruption in collection of octroi, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to install X-ray machines at the octroi check-posts.The scanner will not only help officials detect a loaded vehicle trying to pass off as an empty one but will also reveal its contents so that octroi can be calculated accurately. From three-wheelers to giant container trucks, the X-ray scanners will be equipped to monitor all types of vehicles.The civic administration will table the proposal in the standing committee meeting to be held on Thursday. Around 19 proposals will be tabled of which six pertain to the octroi department.Disclosing details, a senior octroi official said that initially, the plan was to hire the machines due to high cost.He added that installation of the X-ray machines would lead to a substantial increase in revenue. The machines would be installed at all the city's entry points.To check whether a covered vehicle is loaded or not, the helpless octroi officials posted at different check posts use methods like tapping with a stick or checking the pressure of shock absorbers.As a result, many loaded vehicles often end up paying less octroi. The decision to install X-ray scanners will be taken in the standing committee meeting.The other important issues like civic taxes, minimum octroi, water tax and property tax will come up for discussion.More than one thousand carriers of goods enter the city through check-posts. With the installation of the scanning machines, civic officials are hopeful of an increase in octroi revenue.NMC also plans to install weighing machines at all posts to curb evasion of octroi. Officials deployed at octroi posts depend on the weight mentioned by transporters.A senior official stated that though the X-ray machines would aid octroi staff, its success would eventually depend on how efficiently they are used.NMC intends to give the contract to Vidarbha Infotech Company on a build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis. The firm will invest 9.61 crore over a period of five years. It will recover money by weighing materials transported in 54.75 lakh vehicles. It will charge 20 per vehicle of which Rs 2.44 will be paid to the corporationThe other proposals include finalizing ISAW's expression of interest for issuing dog licences, purchasing a suction-cum-jetting machine worth 20.91 lakh to clean small sewer lines and purchasing a Jetpatching machine to repair potholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13184389", "title": "Congress leader hampers panel proceedings, booked", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal police have booked a Congress spokesman for obstructing the proceedings of the MP State Women's Commission and misbehaving with its members and chairperson.J P Dhanopia, one of the Congress spokesmen, was booked by the Shyamla hills police after holding investigations for five days. The incident took place on May 10 when Dhanopia had gone to the Commission as a counsel of an NGO Mahila Kalyan Samiti. However, he allegedly had an argument with the members of the commission, including its chairperson Upma Rai. Subsequently, a complaint was filed in the Shyamla Hills police station against him.Suspecting that Congress workers would hold protest at the commission's office for lodging complaint against its leader, police force too was deployed near the office.The investigation of the complaint against Dhanopia was handed over to the city superintendent of police, Navratan Singh. After corroborating the charges levelled against him, a case was registered.Navratan Singh confirmed to TOI that the case was registered on the complaint of commission's chairperson Upma Rai and further investigations were continuing in the incident.Meanwhile, Dhanopia has quashed the charges against him and said he had gone to the commission as legal advisor of the Mahila Kalyan Samiti.\"It is a revengeful attitude by Rai as she is close to the BJP-ruled state government and I belong to Congress party. The senior party leaders have also taken a serious note of the incident. Such ill motivated police action at the behest of government will not be tolerated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13188935", "title": "Nepal air crash: Body of 1 victim flown to Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a priest from Kumbakonan, who was killed in an air crash at Nepal on Monday, was flown to the city on Wednesday.The body of L S Sudarsanam was handed over to his family at the Chennai airport.Sudarsanam's wife, daughter, son and brother were at the airport to receive the body. \"We shall be performing his last rites on Thursday,\" said Sudarsanam's brother L S Sounderarajan. \"The government took care of the procedures ; it helped us a lot,\" he said while on his way back to Kumbakonam from the airport.The bodies of Chennaibased couple V Gopi and V Swarnalakhshmi, who were among the four dead from Tamil Nadu, are yet to be sent from Nepal. \"We are expecting their bodies to arrive tomorrow,\" said Mallika, sisterin-law of Swarnalakshmi.Similarly, the family of Latha Sreekanth is also awaiting her remains. Her husband Sreekanth, one of the three Indian survivors in the crash, is in a coma at Pokhra Manipal Teaching Hospital in Nepal.\"The hospital authorities now plan to reduce his drug dosage and test if he needs ventilator support. He is expected to be stable by Thursday,\" said his brother-in-law S D Srinivasan, who is at Pokhra now. \"The children are in Kathmandu now. They still seem to be in a shock.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13187975", "title": "Why is Gujarat governor silent on land grabbing charges: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: The BJP on Wednesday demanded Gujarat governor Kamla Beniwal to come clean on the charges of land grabbing levelled against her.BJP general secretary and party affairs in-charge for Rajasthan, Kirit Somaiya presented documents to show that the governor falsely represented herself as a farm labourer putting up to 16 hours of work to grab the land as member of a Jaipur-based farming cooperative society. Somaiya first made the allegations on Monday but the supportive documents were not presented then.Now, chief minister Ashok Gehlot and cooperatives minister Parsadi Lal Meena, too, have been accused of helping Kamla and the society's 19 other members, who were mostly Congressmen, in illegally sharing among themselves the land estimated to be around Rs 1,000 crore.\"Why is the governor silent on the charges? What does the Gehlot government intend to do now that there are documents to show his own officials have called it a land scam?\" asked Somaiya, addressing a press conference.Among the documents circulated to reporters was an order by the cooperative department's additional registrar Som Dutt, who wrote that it was not feasible for many of the society's members like Kamla to work 16 hours as farm labourers. The officer categorically wrote in his order dated April 30, 2012 that the society members were using their political influence to illegally grab the land.Cooperatives minister Meena denied the charges, terming it the BJP's political stunt to divert attention from the party infighting over Vasundhara Raje's leadership issue. \"The allotted land is still with the cooperative farming society and not with the individual members, as alleged by the BJP,\" Meena claimed.Somaiya, however, asserted that governor Kamla and other members of the society have distributed the land-now in the form of commercial/residential plots-among themselves. \"The chief minister and the minister should come with me and I can show the members' bungalows on this land,\" the BJP leader said at a press conference.The BJP, which has posed 15 questions to Kamla, chief minister Ashok Gehlot and minister Meena in the matter, was preparing to raise the issue before the Parliament and also complain about it to President Pratibha Patil .The party said it now feared for the lives of the government officials who exposed the scam and passed strictures against the cooperative society, the Kisan Samuhik Krishi Sahakari Samiti Limited. \"Officials who exposed similar scams against influential people in Uttar Pradesh were murdered. We fear the officials in Rajasthan may meet the same fate,\" Somaiya said.How the scam allegedly happenedThe Kisan Samuhik Krishi Sahakari Samiti Limited, Jhotwara, Jaipur, was registered on February 13, 1953The state government allotted 384 bighas of land to the society the same year for carrying out cooperative farming.Kamla Beniwal became a member of the society on May 16, 1970In the 1990s, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) acquired the society's landAround two years ago, the society got commercial/residential plots allotted from the JDA as compensation for the acquired farming land.The 209 plots have allegedly been distributed among the 20 members, including governor Kamala, with each member getting 1516 sq m land.Society members claimed they worked as farm labourers for 16 hours/day in the past 41,000 days.Members of the society included late Kumbharam Arya, who was cabinet minister, and multi-millionaire Surjaram Meel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179145", "title": "Police quarters in a shambles, rain makes it worse", "text": "PUNE: For the 900-odd families staying in the quarters at Shivajinagar police colony the arrival of the monsoon brings with it what they dread most-leaking roofs, wet walls, water dripping into electrical fittings, the fear of short circuits, insects, rats and snakes in some houses that get water logged.The accumulated garbage raises a stink, and the drainage system crumbles completely. Half-hearted attempts by authorities to address their problems only angers residents.TOI visited the homes occupied by the city's constabulary on Wednesday, in the six blocks (each consisting of 80 quarters) and another building opposite Modern College in Shivajinagar. At both places, residents had the same grievances. There are 10 police lines in various parts of the city.Joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal told TOI there were some problems regarding drainage in the Shivajinagar police colony. \"We have informed Public Works Department (PWD) officials and they will get it repaired soon. We have also asked PWD officials to review the police colonies in the city before the monsoon and check problems like leakage, water pipelines and drainage lines,\" Singhal said.The monsoon is misery for Aarti Jadhav, who has been living here for 40 years. \"Rain water leaks through the ceiling and drips on the floor. We have to cover the terrace with a plastic sheet and place buckets at different spots in the room. The leakage is so bad that we have had three to four short circuits in the last few rainy seasons. We have made several complaints to PWD officials responsible for maintenance work. They say they cannot conduct repairs as a new complex has been proposed to replace our quarters,\" she said.There other problems too. Drinking water got mixed with drainage water in some quarters, recently. \"The drainage system has gone awry and the internal drainage line is dysfunctional. It throws up challenges throughout the year, which means that conditions in the monsoon will worsen,\" she said.Another resident pointed to the ground behind the quarters. \"A drainage pipe had broken now it has become a dumping ground. In the monsoon, grass grows tall here and the ground has snakes and insects. At times, snails enter our house. We find them stuck to our clothes and in food too,\" she said.Of late, the residents have been grappling with taps running dry. A police constable, on the condition of anonymity, said, \"Many of us have to come back home to fill and store water while on duty. We get water supply once a day for 20-25 minutes. There are some quarters that do not even get half-and-hour of water supply.\"Aniket Sadakale, a standard XII student, said water logging on the premises, and rain filled open drains during monsoon exposes the residents to falls. \"The unattended garbage lying around at several places here is more problematic during the rainy season. The wet garbage attracts mosquitoes, thus exposing us to the risk of malaria. The uncovered or partially covered manholes become dangerous during monsoons, as walkers cannot see them during times of heavy water logging and may get hurt,\" he said.Water enters houses on the ground floor during the monsoon. \"It also fills up the corridor outside making it difficult to walk,\" Sadakale said. Choked drains spew filth. Another resident Sachin Waghmare, who works in a city-based company as a fitter, said, \"Water fills up all the corridors and houses on the ground floor and we have to cast it out with buckets. The unattended garbage lying outside flows into these corridors with the rain water, bringing rats, cockroaches and mosquitoes. People on the ground floor are disease-prone,\" he said.\"Six quarters on a floor have a common bath-room and toilet. During monsoons, the muck gushes out of the drains in these toilets, making it impossible to use them. Corridors stink,\" another resident said.Action promisedPublic Works Department executive engineer Atul Chavan said all issues related to drainage will be addressed before the monsoon. \"These buildings are old and the drainage system tends to develop problems. Issues such as drinking water mixing with drainage water will be resolved immediately. All problems connected to drainage, leakage and water supply will be tackled on priority. The drainage system will be repaired before monsoon sets in,\" he said.Chavan said he would inspect the Shivajinagar police colony on Friday to identify the problem areas. \"We will also take care of the leakage in the houses. After the inspection, we will see to it that a maximum number of problems are addressed before the monsoon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190428", "title": "Geet Sethi crashes out of billiards national tourney", "text": "VADODARA: Nine times world billiards champion Geet Sethi crashed out of the billiards tournament during the National Invitational Billiards and Snookers Tournament at Maharaja Pratapsinh Coronation Gymkhana ( MPCG) on Wednesday. Playing against world number two in billiards Devendra Joshi in quarter-finals of billiards tournament, Sethi made a mistake in the last set and Joshi made the most of it.It was anticipated that the quarter-finals would be interesting with two veterans taking on each other to qualify for the semi-finals. And the quarter-finals lived up to its reputation with the game going down to the wire. Joshi won the first set but Sethi played a fantastic game in the second set and won it with an unfinished break of 146 to level the sets. Joshi won the third set with break of 83 points while Sethi won the fourth.The quarters boiled down to the fifth and final set. Sethi seemed in form and started scoring very fast. At one point, it seemed that he would produce yet another unfinished break and sail to the semi-finals. But, he made a blunder on break of 87. Sethi unknowingly played with the opponent's ball and made a foul.\"Perhaps I was too much focused and hence I didn't realize it. It happens with all players in such intense games. It has happened with me in the past and will happen in future too,\" Sethi told TOI after the game. Joshi was quick to take advantage of it and he went on to craft an excellent break of 146 points to storm into the semis.In snooker tournament, Devendra Joshi beat Manan Chandra, Manish Jain beat Geet Sethi, Kamal Chawla beat Dhruv Sitwala, Alok Kumar beat Ashok Shandilya and Rupesh Shah beat Sourav Kothari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184475", "title": "Two-month-old girl stolen from New Alipore bank", "text": "KOLKATA: A two-month-old baby was stolen from a bank in the posh New Alipore area on Wednesday morning. Police are yet to trace the woman who allegedly stole the baby girl from her mother. Police suspect the woman is part of a racket.A two-month-old baby was stolen in broad daylight from posh New Alipore on Wednesday morning. Police are still clueless about the woman who allegedly stole the baby girl from her mother. Police suspect a racket is behind the crime.Nineteen-year-old Rosy Biwi, a slum dweller from Base Bridge, took her two- month-old daughter to Vidyasagar Hospital on Wednesday morning for the child's polio dose. There she was befriended by a middle-aged woman. After the baby was administered polio, the woman told Rosy that she was entitled to receive money, payable by a bank, for her daughter's maintenance.A middle-aged woman befriended Rosy there. After the baby's polio dose, the middle-aged woman convinced Rosy that she is entitled to receive money payable by a bank for her daughter's maintenance.An illiterate Rosy was easily convinced and accompanied the woman to the New Alipore branch of the State Bank Of India . According to Rosy, the woman then collected a blank form and asked her to stand in the queue in front of the Teller counter, while she kept the baby with her. However, when Rosy reached the counter, the bank employee rubbished her claim for the money. When Rosy turned around, her baby and the woman were nowhere to be found.A puzzled Rosy then enquired with other customers at the bank and one of them reportedly told her that the woman left with the baby some time back. On returning home, she went to the New Alipore police station along with her relatives. Since the incident started from Vidyasagar hospital under Parnasree police station, officers of the New Alipore police station took her there. Later, a case of abduction was registered at Parnasree police station.The case will be transferred to New Alipore since it was the place of occurrence.After preliminary probe, police believe the woman is part of an organized racket involved with either begging or illegal adoption is behind the crime. They will prepare a sketch of the woman on Thursday and have already have started a search for her in the locality. the woman in the nearby locality.Investigators are also going through the bank's CCTV footage to identify the woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183199", "title": "Tax relief for imported and company-owned vehicles", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major relief for consumers, the state cabinet on Wednesday decided to limit the tax rate on imported vehicles and company-owned cars to 20%.Following a decision to hike tax on petrol and diesel cars by 2% and 4%, respectively, the tax rate on the purchase of imported and company-owned vehicles-which are charged at a higher rate-had increased considerably.While a tax of 22% was being levied on imported petrol-run cars, the rate was 26% for diesel cars. The hike in rates led to a trend wherein such cars were registered in neighbouring states such as Gujarat, where the tax rates were low.To reverse the trend and prevent a further loss of revenue, the cabinet decided to impose a cap of 20% that could be imposed on such vehicles. The cabinet also decided to apply a decision to lower tax rates for CNG and LPG cars for import of vehicles purchased in some other state.An ordinance in this regard will soon be issued. State transport department officials are hoping that the decisions will help boost the sales of vehicles in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13192578", "title": "The great water robbery", "text": "Packaged drinking water and water tankers may appear as the panacea to Hyderabad's water woes, but this fl ourishing industry has sucked water out of the city's natural resources lakes and ground water. On average, the city guzzles 50 lakh litres of mineral water a day and buys another 50 million litres from private tanker operators . And despite a ban on digging bore-wells for commercial purpose, water is being brazenly pumped out from the banks of lakes in the city outskirts, filled into innumerable 5000-litre tankers that then trudge into residential bylanes, filling the dried bore-wells of multi-storied apartments .The side effect of this \"private\" management of city's water crisis is going largely unnoticed even as environmentalists are predicting the worst for Hyderabad from rising in temperature to zero possibility of ground water recharge. But those concerns are not on anyone's radar. An estimated 50 natural lakes are currently being exploited by private players, many farmers on the city outskirts with large tracts of agricultural land and abundant water have jumped into the lucrative business and localities in the city that are flush with ground water have turned into hubs infusing life into the mineral water business .The city has close to 700 water tankers managed by the city water board and GHMC, whereas an estimated 300 water tankers supply water illegally. These tankers, with a capacity of 5000 litres, each making at least ten trips per day this season to supply water. If tankers operated by the water board cost Rs 400 for residential supply and Rs 575 for a commercial supply for one delivery of 5000 litres, the illegal tanker delivery costs anywhere from Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000. The business has fl ourished in the last decade during which time many lakes dried up. Until 2004, there were not more than 400 water tankers in the city and the water board hired them on a fixed rental per day basis. But after 2004, the water board started sharing profits with the tanker owners which led to the increase in water tankers.However, alarm bells are not yet ringing. Of the 1500 major lakes in the city until the year 2000, just about 500 are left now. And more are disappearing: lAmeenpur lake in Patancheru feeds 36 bore-wells that were drilled this season alone to fill water tankers lA lake in Shamshabad was until recently a drinking water source to nearby villages but almost dried to a trickle with illegal bore-wells dotting it. It is now known better as a key water supplier for tankers lTankers queue up on the banks of river Musi in Chaderghat every morning and evening for a quick refill before they are supplied to various residential complexes across the city lAmbeer lake in Kukatpally is now half its size thanks to illegal water extraction In fact, its not just residential buildings but industries and factories on the city outskirts which are the key c u s t o m e r s of private tanker operators . The business of private water is thriving in areas including Kukatpally , Serilingampally, Miyapur, Patancheru, Alwal, Medchal and Saroornagar but strangely offi - cials do not see anything amiss.The business model of these operators is simple and lends itself to heavy profit margins. In the case of mineral water plants, the investment is about Rs 20 lakh if the company goes for an ISO certification and takes other necessary permissions. However , for most players, the ISO certification is a needless hassle with poor or no regulation of the water they supply. So, an investment of Rs 1 lakh to 2 lakh is enough to set up a mineral water unit which may be illegal but that tag doesn't exactly deter them from breaking even in no time, given the huge demand for drinking water in parched Hyderabad. There are an estimated 3,000 illegal mineral water plants in the city. \"There is so much demand that now it does not matter if the water is ISI certifi ed or not because even buyers don't ask us. Whether it is a water packet or a huge water can, the sale of mineral water was never this high,\" says a shop owner in Banjara Hills. Greater Hyderabad's increasing thirst has also cast a shadow on farmlands around the city. Reverse osmosis fi ltering units have come up on plots meant for farming and are making a profit of Rs 10,000 to up to a few lakhs. The city's water demand is keeping another industry sector rather pleased. \"About a decade ago we use to sell about 1 to 2 units a month countrywide. Now we sell close to 20 such units in the city alone per month,\" says M Karunakara Reddy, CEO, Smaat Aqua Technologies, that supplies reverse osmosis units. He says, players in the industry have increased manifold from about five a decade ago to more than 500 commercial and residential RO plant dealers now. \"Many entrepreneurs are entering into the field looking at the lucrative market. But many of them do not have the expertise or a good service back up to fall back on,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189050", "title": "Central team suggests nutritional supplements for kids", "text": "BANGALORE: The central team has advised the state government to enhance nutrition supplements for children at anganwadis. After touring some of the worst-affected districts and seeing the severity of the situation, the team met chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and state officials, including chief secretary SV Ranganath, on Wednesday for discussions.The 12-member team led by senior IAS officer Pravesh Sharma, which arrived in the city on Sunday night, toured Kolar, Chikkaballapur, Tumkur, Chitradurga and Bellary over three days. The CM said the team expressed satisfaction over the state government's handling of the crisis by attending to drinking water supply, providing fodder for cattle, creating employment and checking migration.However, it's learnt the team told the CM and officials that nutrition to children deserved more attention. The officials also referred to the erratic and insufficient power supply and told the government this needs to be attended to.The CM expressed confidence that the Centre would extend help as early as possible. The team will give its report to the Centre in a week's time. As many as 123 taluks in the state are drought affected. The state has suffered a loss of Rs 5,964 crore due to crop failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13182081", "title": "ACB files FIR, detains 12 in octroi evasion scam", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) detained 12 persons in the octroi evasion racket and registered an FIR under the Prevention of Corruption Act and provisions of the Indian Penal Code.Those detained, including truck drivers, octroi agents, transporters and civic officials, allegedly transported or abetted the transportation of goods into city by evading octroi. On Tuesday, the ACB raided octroi-collection points and seized 40 vehicles. Raids were carried out at Dahisar, Vashi, Mulund and Cotton Green toll nakas. The police also searched three godowns in Byculla and Kalbadevi and seized goods which had been recently bought into the city without paying octroi.\"A consignment of steel weighing 15 tonnes was fraudulently brought into the city, while the transporter showed that he had only 5 tonnes of the metal,\" said an official.\"At times, documents showed that scrap was being transported, in reality finished goods were being delivered,\" he added.ACB officials said they received a tip-off that some octroi agents in connivance with BMC officials were running a racket at most octroi nakas. \"We are in the process of verifying some documents seized. Fake invoice bills, challans and transportation bills have also been found,\" an ACB official said.\"Transporters and owners of the vehicles are being questioned. Once the process is over and we have enough evidence, arrests will be made,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13183639", "title": "Don't have any info on role of Dr Shukla, shooters: STF", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Wednesday questioned Special Task Force sleuths who had nabbed the two shooters who killed CMO family welfare Dr BP Singh. Dr Singh had succeeded CMO family welfare Dr VK Arya.The STF officials summoned included ASP STF Sahab Rashid Khan, CBI sources said. In all, four STF officials were called for questioning.The CBI wanted to know if STF had any information regarding the involvement of former CMO Dr AK Shukla in the murder of either Dr Arya or Dr Singh.Dr VK Arya was shot dead near his house in Sector 14, Vikasnagar on October 27, 2010, while his successor Dr BP Singh too was shot dead in a similar manner near his house in Gomtinagar on April 2.In fact, ballistic reports of a pistol had also confirmed that the same pistol was used in both the murder cases, hinting towards the fact that either the conspirator behind the murders was same or shooters were common.The STF sleuths, however, denied having any information about Dr Shukla's role in the CMOs murder.The CBI also questioned STF sleuths whether during interrogation of shooters, they were told that more shooters were involved. The STF denied knowledge on any other shooter, CBI sources said. The STF sleuths ruled out gangster Sudhakar Pandey's involvement in the CMOs murder.The CBI also asked if STF had cross-checked the claims about the motive of deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan for hatching a conspiracy to kill CMO Dr BP Singh. The STF officials reportedly told the CBI that they had recorded the statement of civil contractor Ram Kumar Verma, who according to STF, was a friend of Dr Sachan and had hired shooters to kill Dr Singh.Meanwhile, the CBI continued to grill former CMO Dr AK Shukla. The CBI asked him who else was involved in the conspiracy to eliminate Dr Arya and how did money exchange hands between him and the shooters and whether there was anyone else in between him and the shooters.The CBI is reportedly confirmed that there were at least two more shooters involved in the murder of Dr Arya. The agency has also launched a manhunt to nab the two shooters.On Tuesday, CBI had questioned BSP MLC Ramu Dwivedi to know about his involvement and the shooters involved in the killing of Dr Arya. According to sources, CBI has got information that Dr Arya's shooters might have been arranged by Dwivedi. A known history-sheeter, Ramu Dwivedi is the right-hand man of mafia-turned BSP MP from Jaunpur, Dhananjay Singh.Sources said the agency has summoned former health minister Anant Misra 'Antu' on Thursday. The CBI is also likely to bring both Antu and Dr Shukla face to face. The CBI believes that Antu provided patronage to Dr Shukla in all his misdeeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13180062", "title": "Six illegal dyeing units razed in Erode", "text": "COIMBATORE: A team of Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board officials raided and razed six illegal units, including four textile bleaching and washing units, near Vendipalayam in Erode corporation limits on Wednesday.The operation began at around 11.30am and ended at 3pm. The officials claimed that all these units were discharging untreated effluents into the drains and pollute Kalingarayan canal along the Chennai-Erode railway line. The flying squad headed by district environmental engineer Vijayalakshmi was in charge of the dismantling these dyeing units on Wednesday.\"Our teams identified the illegal units and using earthmovers and other equipments dismantled the machinery and tore down the structures. All units were operating in residential areas,\" said G Ramaraj, assistant environmental engineer and a member of the flying squad of the pollution control board.The Erode district administration and the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board officials have been initiating action against illegal dyeing units in their limits after numerous illegal dyeing units from the nearby Tirupur district shifted to Erode after Madras high court ordered for a strict ban on polluting textile units in Tirupur in January 2011. According to officials as many as 159 illegal units were razed down in Erode district till date from November 14, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13189300", "title": "Journalist kept out of polling booth", "text": "PONDA: A presiding officer posted at a polling booth in Bhoma-Adcolna village panchayat, Shripad Bhat, stopped a mediaperson from entering the booth on Wednesday despite him sporting a pass issued by the state election commission.The state election commission had issued passes for mediapersons to cover the actual election process. The mediaperson informed the matter to the Ponda returning officer mamlatdar Amul Gaonkar and after his intervention, the presiding officer allowed the journalist to enter the booth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13185353", "title": "Jayalalithaa\u2019s ad blitz comes in for criticism", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Jayalalithaa government unleashed a massive advertisement blitzkrieg across the country on Wednesday listing the achievements of the AIADMK in Tamil Nadu on the occasion of its completion of one year in office.The media campaign, however, came in for criticism with CPI saying it was \"unacceptable\" and a waste of public money to promote the image of a political leader.Almost all national English dailies published from Chennai, New Delhi and elsewhere in the country carried a four-page 'jacket' ad in their editions issued by the state Director of Information and Public Relations. They included the business papers.The advertisements also appeared in some Tamil newspapers, but not in the ones owned by the opposition DMK family members.CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta said outside Parliament that it had become the latest fad of people in power to waste people's money to \"brighten\" his or her image. \"This is absolutely pernicious, unacceptable... A CM always gets publicity whether or not there is a full page advertisement. This is all being done as a matter of over publicity,\" he said.Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy said the money spent on the advertisements could have been utilized for some other purpose and asked where the money came from.Senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi did not support the move but decided against making it into a big issue. \"Certainly there is no justification for using public money in this manner (for hugely expensive advertisements) but this is just one advertisement. Look at what this government at the Centre is doing,\" he said, comparing it to the public money being wasted by the UPA because of corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190361", "title": "Three killed in accident as tempo rams truck", "text": "VADODARA: Three people died in an accident when a tempo rammed into a parked truck opposite L&T; technology park on national highway 8 late early on Wednesday morning. Two of them died on the spot while the third died during the treatment.According to the police, the tempo driver lost control of his vehicle and crashed into the truck.The deceased include the tempo driver and other two traveling with him. Such was the impact of the crash that the tempo cabin was completely mangled. The truck driver and cleaner were sleeping in their vehicle when the tempo hit the truck from behind.The duo fled from the spot after the accident. A case of reckless driving has been registered at Kishanwadi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13202912", "title": "One scam after another: Now it's the 'palm tree' scam in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former Uttar Pradesh (UP) chief minister Mayawati is already drawing flak from all quarters for the number of scams which took place during her regime.The scams include large-scale financial bungling in installation of over 200 elephant statutes at Dalit memorials and in construction of Dalit monuments.Now the 'palm tree' plantation scam worth over Rs 55 crore has been unearthed.According to police, which is probing the matter, over 37,000 palm trees were imported from Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Riyadh for the parks and monuments built in the name of Dalit icons by Mayawati in Lucknow and Noida.While 25,000 palm trees were planted in various parks and monuments in Lucknow, rest were planted in Noida. A tree costing Rs 5000 was purchased at Rs 25,000. A sum of over Rs 55 crore was reportedly paid for the imported trees. The transaction was done between 2010-2011.Besides cost of trees, around Rs 10,000 per tree was paid to the contractors for planting at monuments in Lucknow and Noida. Some of the trees were 10 to 15 feet tall. Police sources said that no study was done to find out whether imported trees will survive in new conditions or not. As a result, of the total trees bought, only around 10% survived.Trees were imported again to replace the dead ones but they are also drying with no one to take care after Mayawati lost assembly elections. Experts said that palm trees need a sandy soil and a particular climate to thrive but here they were planted between interlocking tiles and stone slabs, leading to low survival rate.Police is questioning officers of the Rajkiya Nirman Nigam, a UP government public sector unit, which was assigned the task of plantation. Police investigation has also revealed that hundreds of trees which were not planted are still lying at different places in the city, while many have been dumped in the ponds.Recently, the police had found anomalies in construction, transportation and installation of statutes of elephants in Dalit memorials.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has said that anomalies took place at every step from plantation of trees to allotment of contracts for construction work.The buildings were constructed but demolished later to put up a new structure leading to huge loss to the public exchequer. Anomalies in purchase of sand stones for the memorial have also been found.A CBI inquiry against over the Rs 5,000 crore scam in implementation of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) during Mayawati's rule is already underway.Her government was also pulled by the high court for acquiring land at throwaway prices from farmers and selling them to builders.The Comptroller and Auditor General has found that Rs 12,000 crore scam took place in the sale of 21 government sugar mills. An appoximately Rs 600 crore scam has been detected in construction of canals in Bundelkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13191735", "title": "Bihar credit-deposit ratio 36.7%, up from 25% in 1990s", "text": "PATNA: The state's credit-deposit (CD) ratio has finally crossed the threshold mark of 35%, and now stands at 36.70% at the end of the 2011-12 fiscal. Otherwise, it had kept hobbling around 25% all through the 1990s during the Lalu-Rabri rule, and then kept moving in the vicinity of around 33% during the rule ofCM Nitish Kumarunder whose stewardship the state's economy started showing signs of recovery over the last six fiscals. Indeed, so enthused and ambitious were the bankers after crossing the threshold mark that, in their key report, they prepared for the State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC) meeting held on Wednesday, computed it to 40.82%.The bankers, in fact, had also included the investment of Rs 5,695.92 crore in the sum of total credit worth Rs 50,703 crore arrived at after adding the total of credits (advances) and the money released by National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) under its Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF). Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , with finance secretary (expenditure) Mihir Kumar Singh on his side, clarified the actual position. As Modi put it, the \"actual CD ratio\" of the state could be put only at 36.70%.The figure has been arrived at in the light of total deposits worth Rs 1,38,163 crore available in the banks on March 31 this year and credit of Rs 48,212 crore given by the banks during the last fiscal. \"Therefore, the actual CD ratio of the state is only 34.9%, but if Rs 2,490 crore given to the state government by NABARD under RIDF to be spent on infrastructure development activities is also accounted for, then the CD ratio comes to 36.70%. It is not a bad performance,\" Modi said, adding that it is something that has been achieved after several decades.As a matter of fact, the state's CD ratio had last recorded a high mark of 35% in the late 1980s, when Bindeshwari Dubey was the state's CM, and after that it started going down steadily, until the recovery started again from the 2006-07 fiscal under CM Nitish Kumar. As it is, the CD ratio was 33.81% in 2006-07, 32.35% in 2007-08, 28.96% in 2008-09, 30.30% in 2009-10, 33.99% in 2010-11, and 39.41% (including the amount under RIDF) in December 2011 of the 2011-12 fiscal.The agenda for the SLBC meeting held on the day says, \"As at the end of March 2012, the CD ratio stood at 36.70%...The incremental CD ratio for the period under review is 49.40%...If the amount of Rs 836.43 crore had not been written off during 2011-12, the CD ratio would have been 37.30%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190386", "title": "Three killed in group clash over land dispute in Savli", "text": "VADODARA: Three persons died during a group clash in Anjesar village in Savli taluka on Wednesday evening. While one of the persons was shot dead, the other two died of serious injuries after being attacked with sharp weapons.The incident led to tension in the village as one of the deceased was a local. According to the police, the clash occurred over land dispute between two persons.The police is trying to find out the involvement of people involved in the clash.\"All we know is that the clash occurred over ownership dispute of a land between two persons. One of the deceased was doing fencing over a piece of land and some people attacked him. It led to skirmish between the groups,\" said DySP (rural) M N Sunesra.The deceased have been identified as Kanu Patel, 53, resident of Anjesar village, Ajaysinh Rajput and Hitesh Ravjibhai Rohit. Sources claimed that Rajput is an ex-army man. According to the police, Patel was carrying out fencing on a disputed piece of land. Rajput appeared at the spot and had an argument with Patel. \"Rajput then opened fire from his gun and killed Patel. Patel died on the spot. Prima facie it seems that Patel's supporters then attacked Rajput and Hitesh with sharp weapons. We are yet to find out eyewitnesses,\" Sunesra said.Police are trying to talk with the locals to find out people involved in the clash. Till late on Wednesday, the cops were not able to trace accomplices of the duo killed with sharp weapons. \"When we find the other people involved in the incident we will be able to get idea of the entire episode,\" police said. According to the police, the land dispute case is being heard in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13186157", "title": "HC adjourns hearing on Nupur's bail", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Wednesday adjourned hearing of bail application of Nupur Talwar till May 22 in Aarushi murder case. Nupur, along with her husband Rajesh Talwar, is the main accused in the murder of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj. The order was passed by Justice Arvind Kumar Tripathi after hearing the counsels for the applicant and the Central Bureau of Investigation . The CBI on Wednesday filed a counter-affidavit in the case. The court after taking the affidavit of CBI on record, granted one week time to Nupur's counsel to file a rejoinder affidavit.Nupur had approached the high court after the special judge CBI court in Ghaziabad had rejected her bail application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13187923", "title": "Flying international? Print your boarding pass", "text": "CHENNAI: International passengers who travel light need not queue up in front of checkin counters anymore as they can take a print of the boarding pass on their own. In a pioneering initiative, the immigration department has introduced web check-in at Chennai airport. It will be extended to other metro airports if it proves successful.The facility will be useful mostly for passengers who travel often with only a cabin baggage. If passengers do not have check-in luggage, they can log on to the airline's website , do a web check-in and take aprintout of the boarding pass. Such passengers can walk straight to the security check. \"This would make the departure procedure hassle-free ,\" said an airport official.Lufthansa airlines has come forward to use the system at Chennai airport. Immigration department is willing to extend it to other airlines depending on the demand. Most foreign carriers allow passengers to print boarding passes when they do web check-in , but passenger-printed boarding passes were so far not accepted at Indian airports. Immigration at Chennai airport will accept such boarding passes once the airlines intimate the immigration about the passengers.\"Business class travellers have been asking us to simplify the boarding procedure. Most of them felt that they are being made to wait at check-in counters to get boarding pass even though they have done their check-in online,\" said an official of Lufthansa. Sources at airport immigration said that they had trained their staff to handle boarding passes presented by passengers. \"Flyers in Chennai are tech savvy. We have more passengers doing web check-in here than in other Indian metros,\" said an official.A Cathay Pacific official said that it was high time all Indian airports had such a facility. \"Checking in using mobile phones is popular at airports in many countries. In this method , the passenger gets a bar code on the mobile after they complete the online check-in. They show the bar code displayed on their mobile screens into a scanning machine at the boarding gate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13189345", "title": "UDF voted out in Perinthalmanna municipality", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The ruling United Democratic Front (UDF) led by the Congress lost power in Perinthalmanna municipality after the LDF candidate won the election in ward 32. Vellat Mohanan of the CPM with 507 votes defeated UDF candidate C Sethumadhavan, who managed to secure only 316 votes.In the 34-member municipal council, the UDF and the LDF had 17 seats each after the last local body election. The UDF had come to power through draw of lots.However, a byelection had to be held in ward 32 following the death of the ward member K P Raveendran, who was also the vice chairman of the municipality.With this victory, the number of LDF members in the council has gone up to 18, and the UDF has only 16 councilors.There was 85.62% polling in Perinthalmanna with 828 of the total 967 votes cast.In Manjeri municipality, however, UDF candidate N Manjula won the election to the Shanthigram ward with a margin of 161 votes. UDF bagged 584 votes while LDF's C Vijayalakshmi secured 423 votes. The polling percentage here was 76.6. In Kottuvalakkal ward of Tirurangadi panchayat, Congress-backed independent candidate C Anvar Sadath won by 206 votes. The IUML had fielded its candidate, Thirunilath Anwar, against the Congress candidate in this ward. The polling percentage here was 81.89.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181944", "title": "High court: Is jantri valid without changes in Stamp Duty Act?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has admitted a petition questioning the validity of 'jantri rate' also termed as Annual Statement of Rate as fixed by the state government and questioned whether it can be accepted without amending existing piece of legislation.The petition was filed by Shihor Bar Association through advocate B M Mangukiya contending that the state government's gesture of fixing market value of any property undermines the power of adjudicatory authority appointed under the Gujarat Stamp Duty Act, 1958.With admission of the plea, the court has also asked the revenue authority to explain within a month certain aspects and place before the court the methodology of assessing the market value for preparing jantri rates.The HC has asked the government under which provisions of law, jantri rate \"could befoisted upon the adjudicatory authority so as to be the sole guiding instructions, leaving no room for discretion to appreciate the evidence adduced, which may indicate contrary to the rates prescribed in Annual Statement of Rates\".The HC has also asked, \"Under what circumstances and under what authority of law, market value could be determined by the state government itself in respect of property situated in entire state. Whether it could be said to be a scientific method of fixing rates so as to nullify the discretion of the authority to determine market rate?\"The court prima facie considered the argument put forth by advocate Mangukiya that any document that is provided to the authority to adjudge the value of property becomes unnecessary in light of fixed jantri rates. But this snatches discretionary powers of stamp authority to evaluate the property.Justice S R Brahmbhatt, who is hearing this case, has also observed that if jantri rates are to be accepted as market rate or to be accepted as a guideline for the authority, the authority's discretion stands restricted. But if restriction on discretion is to be put, it has to be complete restriction. With such observation, the judge further noted that the stamp duty officials draw powers from the legislation. And no restriction on their discretion can be permitted without any legislative amendment to the existing Stamp Duty Act.Thus the court has sought to know whether amendment in legislation is required to give effect to jantri rates. The principal secretary of revenue department is expected to reply by June 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "13183992", "title": "Mill involved in smuggling Ppublic distribution system commodities sealed", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Revenue officials on Wednesday sealed a rice mill involved in the smuggling of goods distributed under the public distribution system (PDS). The officials received a tip-off on May 11 that the PDS goods were being smuggled from a rice mill at Allampatti near Virudhunagar and a raid was ordered by district collector, M Balaji.A team led by taluk supply officer, P Renganathan raided Rajmohan and Co and found that 54 bags of rice, 17 bags of black gram and 12 bags of tur dal were hoarded there. The hoarded items were seized by the officials and sent for lab testing at the Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation office. Cases were also filed against five persons including its owners - Raj Mohan and Ram Kumar, manager Marimuthu, broker Ashok Kumar and transport agent Gunasekaran. Investigation revealed that the accused were involved in procuring the items through direct purchasing from PDS shops or bought the free rice from the public for a minimum price of Rs one or two. They processed these smuggled items as rice powder and packed with a brand name called 'Dove'. They also processed the PDS rice and packaged them in small packets like 25-kg and 50-kg bags and were exporting these items to Kerala through regular lorry service.Renganathan said the quality inspection dated May 14 confirmed that 2,874-kg of rice seized from the mill belonged to PDS. \"Based on the report, the mill was sealed on Wednesday and the food cell wing arrested Ashok Kumar and Gunasekaran. The mill owners are absconding. It was found that the accused used to send the PDS items to Kerala in lorries that carried miscellaneous items. The consignments helped them escape checks,\" at the state border,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179435", "title": "PCNTDA to submit proposal on convention centre soon", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) will soon hold a meeting of the state government-appointed advisory committee for the Pune International Exhibition and Convention Centre to come up at Moshi and submit a proposal about the exhibition centre design, its implementation and technical aspects as well as appointment of management consultant for the project.The decision was taken at PCNTDA's executive committee meeting on Tuesday.The state government recently abolished the special purpose vehicle titled 'Pune International Exhibition and Convention Centre, Moshi Ltd.' for implementing the centre at Moshi.Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said, \"We are giving priority to completion of housing schemes in sector 30 and 31 at Walhekarwadi in Chinchwad, gardens, playgrounds, day care centres, toilets, facility centres (working women's hostel, working men's hostel, night shelter and others), Pradhikaran bazaar and hawkers zone and commercial building in sector 24. The decision to appoint architects and consultants for these projects was taken at the executive committee meeting.\" He said the architect will prepare the layout and design for these projects, which will have to be approved by the executive committee. Later, the project estimates will be prepared and bids invited. Actual construction of the projects is expected to start around October-November.The rates for the sale and transfer of plots in PCNTDA for 2012-13 were also decided at the meeting. The minimum rate for residential plots has been fixed at Rs 3,660 per sq m and maximum rate at Rs 6,120 per sq m. The minimum rate for plots in central facility centres has been fixed at Rs 6,230 per sq m and maximum rate at Rs 14,490 per sq m. The total transfer fee for residential plots of less than 50 sq m will be Rs 10,070 and for plots with area of more than 50 sq m will be Rs 20,140. The transfer fees for the commercial plots will be double of the transfer fee of residential plots.The decision to fix the provisions for the plots reserved for public amenities in various sectors was also taken at the meeting. A mini market, vegetable market and library will come up in sector 2, women's hostel in sector 3; shops and mutton market in sector 9, 10; gymnasium and child care centre in sector 18.Meanwhile, Mhase said the anti-encroachment drive started by the authority around a month back will continue. The authority is taking action to remove new unauthorised constructions built since December 2011 and the old commercial unauthorised constructions on PCNTDA land.The meeting also gave approval for putting up a chain-link fence around the land in possession of the PCNTDA after removing the encroachments to prevent it from further getting encroached. The fencing has to be put up around the open and public amenities land, land having commercial potential and land freed after removing encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183607", "title": "RTO\u2019s one-stop shop for e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: The state transport department is organizing a weekend camp on e-meters for autorickshaw drivers. They can interact with all 11 manufacturers of e-meters, choose their preferred model, get it installed, tested and sealed by the RTO on-the-spot.\"We are providing all the services under a single roof,\" said state transport commissioner V N More. \"The purpose is to encourage as many auto owners/drivers to come to the camp, select and purchase an e-meter and get it installed immediately.\"At the camp-being organized at the Andheri, Wadala, Thane and Navi Mumbai RTOs-auto owners will get a demo from all manufacturers and they can also expect discounts from some of them. The camp will remain open from 10.30 am to 5.30 pm.Said More, \"Auto owners have been complaining about the lengthy procedures to get e-meters installed. So, we have decided to give them the new gadgets under one roof.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13178814", "title": "Angry man 'throws' wife off terrace", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 32-year-old man allegedly pushed his wife off the terrace of a two-storey building at Gouri Nagar in Old Town area following marital feud. Suffering multiple fractures, the woman, Laxmipriya Dalei is battling for life at the Capital Hospital.Laxmipriya accused her husband Ajit throwing her off the terrace in a fit of rage. She was staying at her relative's house in Gouri Nagar for the last one week after her relation with Ajit turned sour. Ajit is an auto-rickshaw driver.\"He came this morning and started a fight. He forced me to accompany him. When I refused, he pushed me from the terrace and fled,\" Laxmipriya told mediapersons. Sources said the couple, who hailed from Kendrapada district, had a love marriage four years ago.Police launched a manhunt to arrest the husband. \"We have registered a case against him. His auto-rickshaw has been seized,\" said an officer at Mahila police station.The incident brought to fore the growing incidents of violence against women in the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack. A woman was recently thrown off the Jobra barrage on the Mahanadi in Cuttack, leading to the arrest of a former judge, his wife and son. In Bhubaneswar, a man allegedly attempted to kill his wife and himself in Unit-II area here on May 7.The very next day, another marital dispute turned tragic with a businessman allegedly killing his wife and committing suicide in Badagada Brit Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13189475", "title": "Employee kidnaps restaurant owner's daughter in Itanagar", "text": "ITANAGAR: The daughter of a restaurant owner was allegedly kidnapped by one of his employees on Tuesday.The minor girl, identified as Vijaylaxmi Mohapatra, daughter of Basant Mohapatra, who owns Binod Restaurant at Nirjuli, was kidnapped by a 27-year-old man on Tuesday. Mohapatra had hired him on Monday afternoon without verifying his antecedents, said Capital Complex SP Hibu Tamang.The SP said a case has been registered with the Nirjuli police station and a police team led by OC Tapa Habung had launched a search operation.He said the accused is suspected to be from Bihar. He fled with the girl when Basant was busy with his customers, Tamang added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13178640", "title": "Anna Hazare's magic works as crowd swells", "text": "NAGPUR: One could say that the last time Anna Hazare visited Nagpur was probably in another lifetime, as the experience was totally different. In March 2011, Anna's visit did find some space in the local media but the crowd response was negligible.His NGO, Bhrashtachar Virodhi Janandolan Nyas' (BVJN) local head Dr Gopal Bele recalls that Anna had addressed a small gathering at Tiranga Chowk, where their office is located. A few hundred had gathered to meet Anna but that was it, and hardly anyone knew when he left the city.Turn the clock almost a year later and Anna is a name well known across the country. So it was no surprise that when he arrived in the city on Wednesday afternoon, thousands had lined up just to see him. Invitations seeking his presence at some programme or the other were piling in hundreds but he did not oblige anyone due to his tight schedule.At Chitnis Park, the venue of his public rally, almost 10,000 people had gathered an hour before Anna was to arrive. This turned out to be big morale booster for volunteers of India Against Corruption (IAC) and of BVJN.After the December protests failed to garner the numbers, IAC had been brainstorming on how get things back on track. Anna's visit came as a godsend for IAC which is now planning on further campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178290", "title": "India ranks 3rd in region in \u2018out of pocket\u2019 med spend", "text": "NEW DELHI: India ranks third in the World Health Organization's latest list of \"countries with highest out of pocket (OOP) expenditure on health\" in the south-east Asia region.The WHO's World Health Statistics 2012, released on Wednesday, says almost 60% of total health expenditure in India was paid by the common man from his own pocket in 2009.In comparison, Nepal's OOP health expenditure stands at 49%, Sri Lanka (44%), Indonesia (41%), Maldives (28%), Thailand (15%) and Bhutan (13%).Myanmar has the worst OOP expenditure at 82%, followed by Bangladesh (65%) in the same region. Pakistan's OOP stands at 41%, while China's is 38%.Globally, Myanmar and Afghanistan recorded the highest OOP expenditure on health at 82%, followed by Sierre Leone (80%), Chad (78%), Yemen (73%) and Cameroon (70%).In comparison, only 7% of France total health expenditure in 2009 was OOP, the Netherlands (6%), Monaco (7%), the UK (10%), Ireland (12%), Denmark and Germany (13%), Norway (15%), Sweden (17%) and Italy (20%).The WHO had earlier said that 3.2% Indians would fall below the poverty line because of high medical bills with about 70% of Indians spending their entire income on healthcare and purchasing drugs.The Planning Commission too accepts that OOP to pay for healthcare costs is a growing problem in India.It says 39 million Indians are pushed to poverty because of ill health every year. Around 30% in rural India didn't go for any treatment for financial constraints in 2004. In urban areas, 20% of ailments were untreated for financial problems the same year, said a recent study in the Lancet.About 47% and 31% of hospital admissions in rural and urban India, respectively, were financed by loans and sale of assets. States have cut down on spending to purchase drugs, adding to aam aadmi's woes.The Commission's expert group on universal health coverage said, \"We estimate that an increase in the public procurement of medicines from around 0.1% to 0.5% of GDP would ensure universal access to essential drugs, greatly reduce the burden on private out-of-pocket expenditures and increase the financial protection for households.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13194463", "title": "Honour for Imam Azhari sets off similar demands from others", "text": "HYDERABAD: The honour and gifts that rained on the Khateeb (sermonizer) of Mecca Masjid, Maulana Abdullah Quraishi Azhari, on Tuesday night for his 50 years of service at the mosque have driven religious scholars in the city to demand similar recognition for other ulema who have devoted their lives to the cause of faith. Maulana Azhari was presented a residential flat, a car and Rs 1,01,000 cash for his five-decadelong service at the mosque. The money was raised mainly from among the worshippers at Mecca Masjid and traders in Charminar area.Maulana Mufti Sadiq Mohiuddin, a scholar, welcomed the move and said that more ulema should be selected for such honours in the future. \"There should be no politics and extravagance in the selection and honouring of ulema,\" he said.Echoing the sentiments expressed by Maulana Mohiuddin, Hafiz Peer Shabbir, state president of Jamaitul Ulema, justified the honouring of Maulana Azhari and said that he had never got involved in the sectarian conflicts among the Muslims. \"This should become a trend and ulema from all schools of thought should be considered for such honour,\" he said.Maulana Maqsood Yamani of the Ummul Qura Trust said that there are veteran ulema like Maulana Khaja Shareef, Mufti Azeemuddin and Mufti Sadiq Mohiuddin whose services should be recognized by the public. \"These and many others like them have done tremendous service to society by imparting education. We should rise above sectarian thinking and political affiliations to select and honour more ulema,\" he said.Another young scholar who is working with a religious institution in the Old City, Maulana Omar Abideen called for the formation of a broad-based committee to select the ulema for future awards. An Urdu journalist who asked for anonymity said that many imams serving at major mosques in the city have been living on paltry remuneration for decades. They have no pension schemes to fall back upon when they retire from services. Since these imams have sacrificed for the community, the community should pay back by honouring them with handsome awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13181240", "title": "Councillors spar in north corporation over road transfer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first House meeting of North Delhi Municipal Corporation on Wednesday was marked by a heated exchange between BJP and Congress councillors over the earlier transfer of major roads from the corporation to Delhi government's Public Works Department.\"Waterlogging is a major problem in the city and with monsoon approaching it is very important to fix 'responsibility'. Till now the machinery to de-silt drains and pump out water hasn't been divided among the three corporations. Since the erstwhile BJP-led MCD failed to prevent waterlogging, the Delhi government had no option but to take the project under its wings. The drains in residential colonies haven't been cleaned yet and monsoon is just weeks away,\" said Mukush Goel, leader of opposition, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.BJP leader Yogender Chandolia, however, said major waterlogging spots were on the PWD roads. With all 60ft-or-more wide roads in the city transferred to PWD earlier this year, BJP has made it clear it will not take the blame for waterlogging. By the last review meeting of the erstwhile MCD in April, 70% de-silting work had already been done. \"We have removed silt from 70% of the drains under our jurisdiction. The remaining work will be finished before monsoon,'' said a corporation official. PWD has fast-tracked the procurement of jet pumps to drain out water from roads. \"We have asked the engineers to place as many extra water pumps as required in all the stretches which are perennially waterlogged during monsoon. Earlier, garbage would be left on the side of the drain after cleaning. Now it will be immediately taken away in plastic bags and disposed of,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13199626", "title": "Handset market shrinks worldwide, grows in India", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian mobile handset market bucked the global trend of a slowdown and instead grew by 6% in the first quarter of 2012 even as worldwide sales dropped by 2%, said a market research firm.According to Gartner, the Indian smartphone market grew by 17%, although, feature phones still dominated the 226 million Indian handset industry. This is the first time since 2009 that globally there has been a decline in sales of mobile phones said Gartner.In India although there has been a growth, retailers said that there the country witnessed a slight slowdown due to price hikes at the back of a weak rupee in the last few months.Mobile device sales in India are forecast to reach 231 million units in 2012, with a 8.5% annual growth over 2011 sales of 213 million units, according to Gartner.\"In the last four months we have seen that growth has been slightly impacted due to the price hikes. This is across consumer durable, electronics and mobile phones. The consumer in the Rs 5,000-10 ,000 has been most affected,\" said Nilesh Gupta, managing partner, Vijay Sales, a Mumbai-based retailer.Mobile handset makers have effected a price hike of around 3-5% in the last quarter as the Indian rupee weakened against the US dollar. Finnish mobile handset maker Nokia led the overall market in India while Samsung became numero uno in the fastgrowing smartphone segment.\"There is a huge amount of growth that is still to come in as far as smartphones go. From 6% of the overall market smartphone have inched up by a percentage point in a year which leave a lot of room for growth,\" said Anshul Gupta, principal research analyst at Gartner.He said while talking to TOI that Nokia's thin lead over Samsung in the overall feature phone market may also be threatened. \"It is not clear as to for how long Nokia will be able to maintain their lead in the feature phone market,\" he said. Globally, for the first time Samsung overtook Nokia and became the number one cellphone brand in April this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13186203", "title": "UPPCL to crack down on power theft", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP power corporation limited has decided to get strict with those involved in power theft. Directions to this effect were issued by UPPCL's chief Awanish Awasthi after a meeting here on Wednesday. Awasti directed the regional officers to hold surprise inspections and campaigns for the purpose. He told them to conduct raid at nights if need be.Officials from UPPCL also cited extent of line losses from various parts of the city. According to details, thakurganj area records a line loss of about 47% while the extent of losses in chowk area are about 40%. The line losses for Aminabad, Residency and Aishbagh areas were found to be 36, 30 and 38 percent respectively. Significant line losses were also recorded from aishbagh, rajajipuram and rahimnagar besides rural areas of mall, malihabad and bakshi ka talab as well.They also informed that power theft grossly affected revenue generation. Districts of Lucknow, Meerut, Varanasi, Kanpur, Gorakhpur, Aligarh, Bareilly, Jhansi, Muradabad, Faizabad, Allahabad, Mirzapur, Azamgharh, Basti, Gonda and Ghaziabad were poorly performing districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "13180260", "title": "Engines collide near Erode station", "text": "ERODE: Two different train engines collided just 300 meters from the locomotive shed in Erode junction on Wednesday morning.According to railway officials, a passenger train engine was coming out of the loco shed after the repair work, to connect with the respective train at the platform. Suddenly, the engine derailed 300 meters from the shed during the early morning hours. At the same time, in the opposite direction of the same track, Yercaud express engine was on its way to shed, where it collided with the derailed passenger train engine.Railway engineers claim that a major incident was averted as the Yercadu express engine was chugging in a slow speed, when it was heading towards the loco-shed. At the same time, passenger train engine was also derailed from the track and there was a gap between the two engines. Hence, there was a minor collision between the two engines, said the senior engineers in the railway division here on Wednesday.On hearing the news, the railway officials, rescue team and others rushed to the spot, the officials said. Due to the engine collision on the track, other train engine was in a problem to enter the loco-shed for repair and maintenance work. The cause of engine collision in the Erode junction is under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13188103", "title": "No meter system, pre-paid booths for autorickshaws non-functional", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the fact that traffic police and regional transport office have again warned nearly 18,000 autorickshaws in the city to run on meters, they are keeping a blind eye against the pre-paid autorickshaw system which is not enforced effectively.Though there are two booths, one at the central bus stand and the other at Jaipur railway station, for pre-paid autorickshaws, most of the time ugly spats are witnessed between customers and auto drivers.Many autorickshaw unions alleged that traffic policemen deployed at these booths are simply there for formalities and are not facilitating auto rickshaws and passengers for an effective pre-paid system.\"It is mandatory for traffic policemen to check the number of passengers boarded from the pre-paid booths, and he should jot down the registration number of autorickshaws to trace it later if any crime happens with the passenger in the vehicle,\" a customer complained.Likewise, the autorickshaw unions said they have been asking the traffic police to start a pre-paid booth at Terminal 2 of Jaipur airport, but they are not interested.\"They are talking about the meter system but what about the poor condition of the pre-paid autorickshaw booths? We had even given memorandum to the traffic DCP and other authorities to start a pre-paid booth at Terminal 2 of Jaipur airport to avoid provide hassle less travel to the tourists coming to Jaipur,\" said Kuldeep Singh, an office bearer of an auto rickshaw union.TOI visited a pre-paid booth at the central bus stand where the traffic policemen were found missing and the autorickshaw drivers were seen quoting hefty fares to the customers.\"My job is to give them a pre-paid slip. It is actually the work of the autorickshaw drivers to maintain order. I can't handle all of them together,\" said an on duty traffic cop on the condition of anonymity.Passengers coming to Jaipur at the railway station complained that autorickshaw drivers are a menace as they enter the platform and start arguing for hefty prices for their destinations. \"In Delhi there is no hassle. You come out of the railway station and ask the autorickshaw to run on the meter and pay accordingly,\" said Navtej Singh, a software professional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13180893", "title": "Biggest automobile parts hub planned in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India's Detroit is changing gears. After top car-makers, Gujarat will now house one of country's biggest component parks.Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India (ACMA), the nodal agency for the country's auto component industry, plans to set up its first supplier park over 1,100 acres of land, preferably in Ahmedabad.In a first, ACMA, which has about 700 members contributing 85% of the total output in the organised sector, will hold its executive committee meeting in Ahmedabad in June. The park aims to bring together automotive component manufacturers, suppliers and service providers in one location to achieve synergies and cost benefits.Vinnie Mehta, executive director, ACMA, said, \"This is a special meeting as Ahmedabad was not earmarked for the meeting when ACMA planned its year. The meeting and plan to set up the automotive suppliers' park in the state is recognition of Gujarat as an emerging hub for auto.\"About 55 auto component manufacturing companies, including Setco Automotive , Bajaj Motors among others, have expressed interest in setting up units in the park. The investment details are being finalised.\"Almost all members of ACMA want to set up units in the park. We would like to be an integrated park, which will be a concentration of all aspects important to the auto industry,\" said Mehta. Analysts say the slowdown may prompt car-makers to marginally delay their plans but Gujarat's best is yet to come.(Inputs by Ankur Jain &amp; Paul John)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13185257", "title": "Less than one dentist for 10,000 Indians", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is facing a severe shortage of dentists.The World Statistics 2012, released on Wednesday by the World Health Organization (WHO), says India has less than 1 dentist (0.8) per 10,000 population. In absolute numbers, there are only 93,332 dentists.India's neighbours, however, are worse off.Though China has 51,012 dentists, the density is as low as 0.4 per 10,000 population.Bangladesh has 0.2 dentists per 10,000 population; Pakistan (0.6), Sri Lanka (0.8) and Afghanistan (0.3).In comparison, developed countries like Greece has 13.2 dentists per 10,000 population, Norway (8.9), Israel (8.8), Denmark (8.1), Germany (7.8), Japan (7.4), Australia (6.9), France (6.8) and the UK (5.3).The Planning Commission says oral diseases qualify as major public health problems owing to their high prevalence in India. It says oral diseases restrict activities at school and work, causing millions of school and work hours to be lost each year throughout the world.\"Oral disease burden in India is very high due to several reasons. Many oral health surveys have been done and the prevalence of various oral diseases in the population are Dental Caries (40%-45%), periodontal diseases (advanced disease in 40%), malocclusion (30% of children), Oral cancer (12.6 per lakh population), dental fluorosis endemic in 230 districts of 19 states, Edentulousness (tooth loss) 19%-32% of elderly population above 65 years. Given the burden of oral diseases in our country and their impact, oral diseases need to be paid attention to,\" the Plan panel says,India has 6.5 physicians per 10,000 population (7.57 lakh physicians) and 10 nurses (11.46 lakhs). It also has 5.78 lakh pharmaceutical personnel - 5.2 per 10,000 population.The country also has just nine hospital beds per 10,000 population, and only 3,656 psychiatrists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13202193", "title": "Javed Jaffrey's son is the new kid on the block", "text": "Tuesday night saw a grand party to celebrate the twin successes of The Forest and Inshallah Football, both directed by Ashwin Kumar.At the celebration, spotted for the very first time, the father-son duo of Javed and Meezan Jaffrey. While Javed was elated at his production Inshallah Football having won the national award for Best Documentary on Social Issues, all eyes were on the 17-year-old boy who normally shies away from accompanying his father to social do's.Said Javed, \"Meezan is not filmy and doesn't come with me on the sets. Today, he was sitting at home and chilling so I asked him to come and he immediately agreed. He is least interested in all these things. He is into sports and plays football and basketball. He is also into a lot of music.\"And does he take after his father as far as dancing goes? Apparently, Meezan is a good dancer and can be spotted flashing some mean moves at parties and school functions.It is learnt Javed's eldest son is studying in Ecole Mondiale World School and doing the International Baccalaureate (IB). A long time ago, he did an ad with his father for Takeshis castle. While he doesn't have acting inhibitions, his focus is to set up a business. Interestingly, the boy's hair cut and mannerisms remind us of Ranveer Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13184459", "title": "Indian council of medical research to take up long-term studies on gas victims", "text": "BHOPAL: Forget past mistakes, the Indian council of medical research (ICMR) is making a new beginning while engaging with the Bhopal gas leak vicitms', said ICMR Director General Dr VM Katoch inaugurating clinical facilities at National Institute for Research in Environmental Health (NIREH) here on Wednesday.The research carried out at NIREH is expected to improve upon the conventional treatment being rendered to the gas victims. A treatment advisory for gas victims would be issued henceforth.\"There has been a disconnect of about 20 years, but we will make everything public from now,\" said Dr Katoch. ICMR has undertaken major research projects on gas victims during the period 1985-94, but the council abruptly pulled the plug in 1994.Katoch admitted that ICMR has just received one proposal that too from a student, after it invited research proposals aiming to conduct research on the long-term effects of methyl isocyanate (MIC) on the gas victims and environment in 2011.The NIREH clinical wing would conduct research in the field of ophthalmology, medicine, respiratory medicine, gynaecology, nephrology, psychiatry, dermatology, nuerology and paediatrics. NIREH campus once completed would be third of its kind in the world, the other two being in the USA. Currently, the NIREH functions out of Kamla Nehru Hospital building at the Gandhi Medical College.Wait onGas victims will have to wait longer to avail all the services offered at the Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre (BMHRC). The management continues to maintain ambiguity over the continuance of private practice in the gas victims' hospital.Aware that 50% of the posts at the gas victims' hospital are lying vacant Dr V M Katoch said, \"Proposal for filling the vacant seats has been sent to the finance division and once cleared it would advertised.\"Refraining to comment on the issue of private practise at BMHRC, Dr Katoch said, \"There is no private share in central government. We have to discuss it.\"Only two consultants have joined BMHRC in the last one year because of unattractive pay scale. \"New consultants would get scientist grade scale as per 6th central pay commission,\" he added. Commenting on the purchase of equipment for BHMRC, Katoch said a purchase committee would be constituted for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13180580", "title": "Top Haryana Staff Selection Commission appointments under HC scanner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Appointment of chairman and members of Haryana Staff Selection Commission (HSSC) allegedly in non-transparent manner and without following procedure has now come under the scanner of the Punjab and Haryana high court, which on Monday issued notices to all the appointees and the state government.The matter reached through a public interest litigation (PIL) that also alleged how the only woman member facing criminal charges was also appointed.The division bench headed by acting Chief Justice M M Kumar took the cognizance and issued notice after hearing the PIL filed by one RTI activist, Victor Robinson from Hisar.Petitioner submitted that the Haryana government had appointed Vijay Kumar as chairman, HSSC and Viney Sharma (woman member), Ashok Kumar Jain and Ram Saran Bhola in October 2011 as members of the commission while adopting pick and choose policy.Petitioner submitted that these appointments have been made by the state without following any transparent and just procedure.The no search committee has ever been formed to invite applications or to consider the names of eminent persons in different streams of life for appointment to the post of chairman and member to the Haryana Staff Selection Commission.The state failed to take any penal action of suitable candidates equal to the three times the number of vacancies. It was also submitted that one of the appointed woman member namely Viney Sharma is facing trial under various Sections of the IPC for cheating and others at a local court in Yamunanagar.The petitioner has sought notifications issued by the general administration department, notifying the appointment of the chairman and members of HSSC for being illegal and arbitrary in view of the judgment of the full bench of this Punjab and Haryana high court in Salil Sabhlok versus Union of India and others wherein certain guidelines have been issued to the state of Punjab and Haryana for the purpose of ensuring transparency in making appointments to such posts.Directions has also been sought to frame appropriate rules, for the purpose of making appointment on the post of charirman and members of the HSSC,as at present there is criteria to make such appointments. The case would come up for further hearing on May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13187256", "title": "Resource mapping for 11 more rivers", "text": "THRISSUR: The land revenue department has decided to extend the river resource mapping programme to all rivers in the state. Mapping will be extended to 11 more rivers. The state government has issued an order to complete the programme within one year.Till date, six rivers - Karamana, Vamanapuram, Chalakudy, Bharathapuzha, Kabini and Ithikkara - have been mapped. Assistant commissioner (land assignment) of the revenue department Dr D Sajith Babu said, \"After the success of resource mapping in six rivers, we have decided to extend it to other rivers in the state. Various agencies in respective districts will carry out the mapping process and Centre for Earth Sciences Studies will coordinate the activity.\" Mapping is being carried out to assess river boundaries, sand auditing, coastal erosion, intrusion of people and growth of different species near the river.For sand auditing, the government has allotted an amount of Rs 10,000/km, for Bharathapuzha it is Rs 15,000/km. Superintendent of Thrissur collectrate Parameswaran Potty said the river research centre in Ollur will carry out the activity.During the first phase, mapping was conducted in Chalakudy and Bharathapuzha. Periyar, Pamba, Kallada, Muvattupuzha, Meenachil, Valapattanam, Karivannur-Kurumali, Chaliyar, Chandramukhi and Kuttiyadi rivers will be mapped soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13190276", "title": "13-year-old schoolgirl run over by lorry", "text": "DHARWAD: Soumya,13, a student of KE Board high school in Malamaddi, was run over by a sand-laden lorry on Dharwad-Hubli road near NTTF here on Wednesday.She is the daughter of Uday Jugali, a resident of Hosayallapur in Dharwad. Soumya was returning home from tuition on her bicycle when the incident took place. The lorry ran over her when she tried to cross the road. Lorry driver did not stop the vehicle after the accident. When seriously injured Soumya was taken to the district civil hospital, she was declared brought dead.Dharwad traffic police traced the lorry and arrested driver Irappa Kariyappa Ganjanavar of Yerikoppa village in Dharwad taluk. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189985", "title": "Raghavan-led SIT to probe court fracas", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Wednesday constituted a Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by former CBI director R K Raghavan to probe the March 2 violence in the city civil court complex.Disposing of a petition filed by Advocates Association Bangalore , a special division bench comprising Justices Ajit Gunjal and B V Nagarathna said R K Datta, DGP of CID, will be the SIT's convener. It directed the state government to issue a notification within ten days.Raghavan had also headed a Supreme Court-appointed SIT to probe the post-Godhra Gulbarg massacre case. At their first meeting, Raghavan and Datta will work out modalities of the inquiry and select three officers.The team, which will have all the powers a probe agency enjoys under the CrPC, has been asked to complete the exercise in three months. It must file its final report before the jurisdictional court.Probe channels, court tells SITBangalore :Thehighcourt has brought the media under purview of the SIT inquiry into the March 2 violence at the City Civil Court complex . A special division bench comprising Justices Ajit Gunjal and B V Nagarathna said : \"The SIT has also been directed to investigate the broadcasting of certain news items by TV channels on March 2 and subsequent days ...\".\"Sensationalism in the form of breaking news and flash news should be curbed ,\" Justice Nagarathna said with regard to media , particularly TV channels .The bench said : \"Truthful dissemination is essential . Broadcasting cannot lead to any adverse impact on theintegrity of India and security of the state . The essence of Article 19(1)( a) read with Article 19(2) is to have a free and balanced press and broadcast media . There has to be compliance with professional ethics in the dissemination of information by media , particularly electronic media , without any bias , malice or bringing out a conflict in society . In this regard , the Union government should consider the modalities involved in regulating broadcasting media , including a mechanism for addressing grievances .\"The high court bench noted that the Cable TV Networks Regulation Act, 1995, has failed to address the issue as it does not include broadcasters. As regards NBSA or the NBA , the bench was of the view that they don't possess legal sanctity to be effective. The bench directed the civil court registrar to evolve a system whereby media personnel can report without disturbing anybody. It suggested including a system of accreditation for mediapersons . The team will also look into complaints from lawyers , police personnel and mediapersons . The court asked the state government to provide necessary infrastructure to the team. While setting up the SIT , the court said \"this is no reflection on thestate government or local police\" . The violence at the city civil court occurred the day former minister G Janardhana Reddy was produced before the CBI court .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13176629", "title": "Chancellor summons vice-chancellor of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth to explain faulty job advertisement", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra governor and chancellor of state's universities K Sankaranarayanan has summoned the vice-chancellor of Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) V M Mayande to Mumbai on Thursday to explain various lacunae and irregularities in the recruitment advertisement dated March 12, 2012, for 250 posts and also the failure to implement the Ganesh Thakur committee recommendations.TOI had reported on May 9 the how the PDKV advertisements violated the various guidelines. The chancellor's office has also asked the representatives of state government to be present for Thursday's meeting as government had earlier recommended action against Mayande for not implementing recommendations of Thakur committee that had inquired into irregularities in earlier recruitments.Secretary to the chancellor Vikas Rastogi confirmed the development to TOI and the purpose of summons to Mayande. \"Yes Mayande and state government officials will be here tomorrow but I cannot share more information,\" he said. The advertisement had also not taken into consideration amendments in the prescribed age for different posts as per resolution passed by the executive council of university. The university is also not considering promotions due to open university graduates. PDKV has also failed to adopt the reservation roster.Sources say some Shiv Sena functionary from Akola has also written to the chancellor complaining about irregularities in the recent advertisement and calling for action against the and stopping all appointments. The functionary claims that the present advertisement is violation in many ways as the university has not made recruitments against other advertisements issued in 2004, 2006 and 2009 for posts of JRAs, SRAs, labourers, gardeners, drivers, agriculture assistants etc. The issue of recruitment for 50 posts on contract basis for 11 months without filling up regular posts has also been raised.PDKV has recently been in news for all the wrong reasons. Ideally, all the four agriculture universities in state should follow same recruitment rules as per the MAU Act 1983 and statute 1990. Instead of following the rule of appointing research assistants subject-wise PDKV has given a general advertisement preventing many who have already applied for specific subjects from applying again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183788", "title": "Mumbai schools must make space for more students", "text": "MUMBAI: If you have enrolled your child in the pre-primary section or Class I of a private unaided school this year, you could be in for much anxiety. First, schools may have to reopen admissions to make space for candidates belonging to economically weaker sections (EWS) and socially disadvantaged groups (SDG). Second, in a game changer, SC/ST and OBC reservations will be made at the school level.On Wednesday, officials from the school education department said no private unaided school barring minority unaided institutions can get away from the Supreme Court's April 12 verdict on the RTE Act. This means EWS and SDG children will comprise 25% of a class at the entry level. Much chaos might be in store as schools do not know how to accomplish this without either increasing class size or cancelling admissions of confirmed students.Also, though SDG has not been defined, it will in all likelihood include children from scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, OBCs and nomadic tribes, minorities (as defined by the state), and those living in orphanages and children's homes. SC/STs and minorities are likely to be part of SDG irrespective of their income.As for EWS, again, though a formal definition is yet to come, the category is likely to include below-poverty-line (BPL) card holders and those with an annual family income of Rs 1 lakh or less. The 25% quota is to be equally divided between SDG and EWS candidates.As per the SC directive, the quota, an RTE requirement, is to be made applicable on all schools except unaided minority schools from this year onwards.To get away from implementing the provision, a number of schools had argued that their admission process was over before the apex court pronounced its verdict. Based on the order, the state government has now clarified that such schools, too, will have to adhere to the RTE quota. \"The SC verdict clearly states that only admissions carried out in unaided minority schools before the pronouncement of the judgment will not be reopened,\" a senior official from the school education department said.On Wednesday, the state cabinet discussed a proposal for defining EWS and SDG, and a formal notification is expected in a couple of days. The school education department had earlier proposed including only BPL card holders in EWS. But the Rs 1 lakh ceiling was decided on after a section of ministers from urban areas (Nitin Raut, Naseem Khan and Suresh Shetty) argued that the BPL norm might not be practical for cities. The law and judiciary department has been assigned the task of drafting the notification.A fine of Rs 25,000 would be levied on schools failing to adhere to the act. For second time offenders, the fine would increase to Rs 50,000. Officials said the RTE permits the derecognizing of a school for repeated offences. Also, the government will reimburse a school Rs 10,217 per quota child per annum. The school must bear the remaining expenditure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13177049", "title": "Sporadic violence on Naxals' nationwide strike call", "text": "NAGPUR: The Naxals' nationwide strike call on Wednesday remained restricted to their strongholds with reports of violence from interior pockets of Gondia and Gadchiroli and bordering areas of Chhattisgarh .In Gondia, the rebels burned down records of a gram panchayat at Toyagondi village. Earlier, they set the equipment of a mobile phone tower on fire at Jamakodo, located about 8km away from Toyagondi. The Naxals also set ablaze three vehicles of a civil contractor in Chhattisgarh's Paremetta village, about 6km from Korchi tehsil in Gadchiroli.The rebels burned the effigy of union home minister P Chidambaram near Sawargaon and also left pamphlets in support of the bandh. The Naxals also tried to block the Dhanora-Rajnandgaon state highway but the road was cleared by security forces. Though shops and establishments remained open in many areas, there were some response from traders to the bandh call in places like Sawargaon, Murumgaon and parts of Dhanora. State transport buses, it was learnt, were few and other private vehicles also plied in fewer-than-usual numbers. Chunks of rocks and tree trunks were laid in the middle of roads to obstruct traffic close to the Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border.Sources from security agencies underlined that the ongoing tendu plucking season, considered to be a major economic activity in tribal districts, was a reason for the lukewarm response to the bandh call. The Naxals' attempt to bring life to a standstill in the hinterlands was also thwarted by preparation of security forces. Gondia superintendent of police Chandra Kishor Mina said that interstate joint operations at the bordering areas are likely to kick off shortly.The Naxals had called the bandh to protest 'the deployment of army and their highhandedness in the civilian areas and also to demand halting of the Operation Green Hunt.'On Tuesday, the eve of the bandh, Naxals had burned timber stored at a forest depot in Gadchiroli and kidnapped three people from Jimulgatta in Aheri tehsil. In the early part of the day, they had also exchanged fire with security forces at Korchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13190186", "title": "Bhupen seminar from May 24", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Institute of North East Studies, Gauhati University will organize a national seminar on the contribution of late Bhupen Hazarika to society on May 24.The national seminar will focus not only on the talent of the doyen, but also on the profound effect he had on society. The seminar will have people from both academic and non-academic backgrounds participating in it. It will give the participants an opportunity to present their research papers on Hazarika, his work and his contribution towards society.\"We will be focusing on the humanitarian contribution of Hazarika towards society, art and culture and other social aspects. We have received a positive response from different parts of the country. Many people from various educational institutions of the country have submitted their papers; an academician from the College of Applied Art, Oman has also submitted a paper on Hazarika. The crux of the seminar will be the humanitarian contribution of Hazarika through his work,\" said Umesh Deka, director and coordinator of the Institute of North East Studies, Gauhati University.The seminar will continue till May 26 and throughout the course of the seminar, there will be plenary, academic and interactive sessions, round table conferences and cultural events. Over 100 participants from the northeast and 200 from different parts of the country are expected to take part in the seminar.\"We have also sent an invitation to Kalpana Lajmi, family members of Hazarika, Aasu leaders and important persons related to culture. Governor JB Patnaik, chief minister Tarun Gogoi and theatre personality Ratna Ojha are expected to attend the seminar,\" added Deka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178653", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee in austerity mode, but has few options", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of the financial turmoil in Greece, which is casting a global shadow, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday indicated that the government might impose some austerity measures but moments later toned down his comments saying they were yet to be firmed up.His officials, who were caught off guard by Mukherjee's statement in Rajya Sabha, indicated that the finance ministry will issue the annual austerity measures.Mukherjee, a veteran politician and the government's chief fire-fighter, is facing a difficult time with the economy slowing down and public finances in disarray. Barely a few weeks into the new financial year his officials admit that they are faced with huge challenges on subsidies particularly oil subsidies.\"I am going to take a little bit of unpopular steps. I am going to issue some austerity measures...\" Mukherjee said while replying to the debate on the Finance Bill in Rajya Sabha, adding that \"these measures have to be taken to convey the message that we are responding to the situation as needed\".\"I do not want to press the panic button,\" he said. Later, he told reporters that he had asked officials in the finance ministry to examine what belt tightening steps could be taken.While the finance ministry is yet to draw up a list of the austerity measures, officials say that the list would perhaps be a repeat of what was unveiled last year as the government struggled to meet the fiscal deficit target of 4.6% of gross domestic product. \"The options are few. Let us see but the situation is difficult,\" said a finance ministry official.In last July, the government had imposed austerity measures such as cut in expenses for conferences, seminars and ban on holding such events in five-star hotels and abroad except for trade promotion.It had also stopped purchase of vehicles except for operational requirements of defence forces and security organizations as well as reducing foreign travel. A ban was also imposed on creation of plan and non-plan posts. Number of consultancy assignments were also reduced while ministries were asked to observe discipline on fiscal transfers to states, state-run entities and autonomous bodies at the central, state and local level.But still the government failed to plug the gap and ended up with a fiscal deficit of 5.9% of GDP. Economists have expressed doubts about the government's ability to meet the 5.1% fiscal deficit target set for 2012-13 as well as curbing subsidies.But Mukherjee said the government was committed to fiscal consolidation. \"We need to focus on implementation of projects to avoid cost overruns. I will bite the bullet on subsidy when I know it will not end in a fiasco.\"The minister, who described the prevailing global situation as \"complex\", attributed the sharp fall in the stock markets to uncertainty over problems in the eurozone following turmoil in Greece.He said the India growth story was intact and the UPA government was taking measures to revive growth and attract overseas investments.\"Yes, we are concerned that our GDP growth has come down. It will be 6.9% in 2011-12, some are saying that it might be even low,\" the finance minister said.He said crisis in the eurozone, especially in Greece, was causing uncertainty in India and other developing countries as well. \"India cannot ignore the global economic situation,\" Mukherjee said while referring to the slide in the stock markets.The finance minister said he was not trying to shift the blame on someone else for the economic slowdown.\"Don't think that I am trying to pass on the buck elsewhere. The buck stops with me, I agree. I am owning the responsibility... but we shall have to keep in mind that this is a difficult world. Country after country is facing major economic crisis,\" he said.\"Uncertainty is prevailing, not confined to Greece not confined to those four countries, but the entire Asian market today has taken a hit. This is the complex situation in which we are living today and we cannot ignore that,\" he said.Referring to Vodafone tax row, the FM said he welcomed foreign investments but would not allow the country to be a tax haven. \"Yes, I want FDI, I have taken a series of measures to FDI and FII,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13179293", "title": "Now, SMS alerts on weather forecast", "text": "PUNE: Information about air quality at that point of time and weather forecast for the next day will now be available through SMS alerts, web portals and email alerts. Besides, LED or LCD screens will be installed at 10 locations across the city for constant updates.Titled 'System for Air Quality Forecasting and Research (SAFAR)', the project has been developed and implemented by the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) Pune. B N Goswami, director IITM Pune, said that Pune will be the second city after Delhi to have SAFAR. It was implemented in Delhi during the Commonwealth Games of 2010. After Pune, this project will be implemented in Chennai, Kolkata and Mumbai.SAFAR will also issue advisories on health, ultraviolet (UV) radiations, besides giving pollution maps. About 100 students attended a workshop at IITM on Wednesday to know more about the project. Starting May 17, these students would go around the city collecting data on air quality and major pollutants emitted by vehicles, industries, construction sites and slums.Emissions of major pollutants will be calculated by taking into account the flow of vehicles and their types on major roads, output from industries, releases from residential and commercial areas, windblown dust and pollution that drifts over the city.Ten air quality monitoring stations will be set up for constant measurement providing inputs on air pollutants in Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) areas.Senior scientist at IITM, Gufran Beig, who heads the project, said the existing inventory of pollutants is 4-5 years old. The new inventory will be only for Pune. Beig said that the number of vehicles, fuel quality, vehicle maintenance, traffic congestion, narrow roads, construction activities, paved and unpaved roads, old automotive technologies and industries contribute to deteriorating air-quality in and around Pune. \"Major air pollutants are ozone, carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxide, particulate matter, sulphur dioxide and lead among others. Their health hazards are reflected through increasing incidences of cough, headache, nausea, irritation of eyes, bronchial and respiratory diseases,\" he said.\"The objective of SAFAR is dissemination of information to common people and policy makers in a simple language. Thus, colour codes will be used to indicate whether the pollution level is good, moderate, poor, very poor and unhealthy. UV index-skin advisory will point out the level of ultraviolet radiation. The severity of ultraviolet radiation can lead to several skin and vision related diseases and infections. The project will be launched by the end of this year,'' he added.For implementation of SAFAR in Pune, IITM has collaborated with government agencies and health service bodies - Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations, Vasantdada Sugar Institute, Bharatiya Vidya Bhawan, University of Pune, Ferguson College, Modern College, MIT and India Meteorological Department among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13186018", "title": "ICSE, ISC results on May 19", "text": "LUCKNOW: Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) on Wednesday said the results of ICSE and ISC will be declared at 3pm on May 19.The results will be made available through the internet. Students can log onto websites - www.cisce.indiaresults.com, www.cisce.ndtv.com, www.cisce.examresults.net, www.cisce.myschool.in.com, www.cisce.topperlearning.com, www.cisce.timesofindia.com, and www.cisce.navbharattimes.com.Students can also get results through SMS on GSM mobiles. For ICSE result, type ICSE followed by the index no and send it to 51818, 56263, 58888, 5676750, 56388, 544242. For ISC result, type ISC followed by index number and send on the above numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13189208", "title": "Power department considering reforms", "text": "GUWAHATI: Having faced flak from all quarters in the aftermath of the worst-ever power crisis last week, the state power department is considering carrying out second generation reforms in the power sector and might rope in private players to boost efficiency, should the state's own system fail to deliver the goods.Power minister Pradyut Bordoloi said here on Wednesday, \"The government may resort to second generation reforms if the power utilities do not improve their efficiency. They have to be responsive and accountable to the people.\"Hinting at bringing in private players if the government system does not live up to the expectations, Bordoloi said, \"In Kolkata and Mumbai, power distribution is in the hands of private companies. If the power utilities do not change their style of functioning, we too will be left with no option but to look for private players.\"Pointing out the lackadaisical attitude of the generation company, Bordoloi said that the state government paid the generation company Rs 2.5 crore seven years ago for commissioning the 6MW Lungnit power project. \"This project is yet see the light of day,\" the power minister said.The first reforms started in 2005 with the unbundling of the Assam State Electricity Board ( ASEB) into three distribution companies on one generation company, which showed only partial results. While the transmission and distribution losses were brought down, power generation from the power utilities remained poor.Bordoloi added that a series of power projects is lined up but they're not being implemented for shortage of gas and coal nationally. \"We have sought coal linkage for a thermal power project in Margherita. The first unit of the 750 MW Bongaigaon Thermal Power Station (BTPS) is likely to be commissioned by the beginning of next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13191792", "title": "Panjab University has rows of students giving identical answers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The examination branch of Panjab University has found a few instances in which students sitting in an entire row have copied from one another and have identical answers. Close to three-four such instances of entire rows of under-graduate students taking the final year exam this year having identical answer sheets have been detected by the evaluators during checking which have now been forwarded to the unfair means case (UMC) committee of PU.\"The cases are being looked into by the UMC committee and the members will decide what to do next. The committee will check to what extent has there been imitation in these answer sheets,\" said A K Bhandari, PU controller of examination (CoE).Evaluators, on condition of anonymity stated that eight to nine students in a row of final year arts students have been found to have same answers, copied word by word in the final year exam held this year.\"Such instances where the entire row of students have similar answer sheets are rare, \" said an evaluator from a local government college on condition of anonymity.\"There was an instance in which an entire row of students of second year commerce had the same answer, sub-heads, points and graphics for a particular answer,\" adds another evaluator.Jagpal Singh, a PU senator and member of UMC committee said that the evaluation has just begun for the last semester exams of under-grad classes and such cases are unusual and rare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13188564", "title": "1,300 lives lost at Tamil Nadu govt hospitals due to poor emergency care: Comptroller and Auditor General", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 1,376 accident victims could have been saved between 2008 and 2011 in Tamil Nadu had the government equipped emergency wards in nine of its own hospitals with adequate facilities, a Comptroller and Auditor General report has said.It also pointed out that ambulances were either illequipped or weren't located at strategic locations.The report, tabled in the assembly on Wednesday, pointed out that the health department did not properly utilize the . 14.48 crore grant from the Centre to upgrade accident and emergency care centres at nine government hospitals - Cuddalore , Namakkal, Omalur, Padmanabhapuram, Perambalur , Tambaram, Tenkasi , Melur and Villupuram . The fund was meant for setting up facilities such as communication systems, blood banks, intensive care units, X-ray rooms and minor operation theatres.The state accounted for nearly 15% of the total number of road accidents in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13191958", "title": "Site for solid waste plant shortlisted", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to replace the Kodungaiyur and Perungudi dump yards, Corporation of Chennai is likely to set up an integrated solid waste management plant at Uthukottai, about 50km from here in Tiruvallur district.Sources said two sites in Gummidipoondi, also in Tiruvallur district, are also under consideration and officials are likely to inspect them soon.Officials who inspected the proposed site at Uthukottai near Periyapalayam were reportedly satisfied with the size and location.\"It is a 100-acre plot. We have to see how far it is from residences, whether there are any industries or schools nearby and whether it is near an environmentally fragile area,\" said an official. Revenue officials will check the deeds, documents and registration.On May 11, a TOI report said the corporation was taking help from the Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram collectors to identify plots for these plants.A plot \"30km to 50km from the city will be suitable. Anything beyond that will pose difficulties and transportation costs will be high. It is easier to identify large plots of land outside the city limits,\" said the official.The corporation has to identify and finalize the number of plots in a month, before sending out 'requests for proposals' to the companies who participated in the 'expression of interest' to set up the plants. \"If we select three plots, we will need an equal number of plants and companies. So the decision on the number of companies we are going to contact will be based on their capacity and the number of plots we choose,\" commissioner D Karthikeyan had said earlier.On May 10, 31 companies expressed interest to set up the plants, clear garbage from a few zones and scientifically close the two dump yards.The earlier plan to locate these plants in the dump yards itself was opposed by residents of Kodungaiyur and Perungudi.On the other hand, environmentalists are against incinerators which they say they will release harmful gases, kill off recycling industries, will not work without degradable waste and are just too expensive for a country like India. A 1,000-tonne plant could cost more than 150 crore, they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13180613", "title": "PWD engineer held for graft", "text": "THANE: An executive engineer from the Thane division of the PWD was arrested by anti-corruption bureau officials for demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 1.5 lakh late on Wednesday.Balkrishna Zodge was arrested in his office while accepting the money from a PWD contractor, Sunil Jadhav. ACB sleuths said Zodge demanded Rs 3 lakh to clear Jadhav's bills of Rs 30 lakh. A search of his residential and office premises was being carried out till late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13189729", "title": "Kozhikode administration moves to hear people\u2019s grievances", "text": "KOZHIKODE: 'Janasamaksham', a programme aimed at reaching out to the people in remote areas, will be launched by the district administration on May 24. The mission, which would be inaugurated at Kodenchery panchayat, will provide people a platform for grievance redressal.The district administration will hear complaints of people who are not able to go to the district headquarters to lodge their grievances, during the programme. Immediate steps will be taken to address the grievances. Those issues which could not be solved at the programme would be sent to the departments concerned for immediate action.A meeting held at the district collectorate on Tuesday decided to organize the programme once in every two months.The departments that would take part in the programme include revenue, health, civil supplies, scheduled caste and scheduled tribe welfare, panchayat, police, excise, social welfare, water authority, forest, electricity, education and poverty eradication.The event will also see distribution of medical aid and handing over of the keys of houses built.A permanent arrangement has been made in the district collectorate under Kozhikode tahsildar N M Premraj, for the programme.A dispute resolution programme will also be held at Kodenchery panchayat on May 24 and the officials will visit colonies such as Pathippara and Chembukadavu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13188361", "title": "Small-scale schoolbag units make waves", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Schoolbags manufactured by the small-scale units in the district are finding more buyers because of its low price. The 20 units are hopeful of carving a niche among the established brands in the market. While some of the units directly market their products, a few others make bags for shops that supply them with raw materials.\"We hope we would be able to sell around 5,000 bags before the schools reopen. The price of bags varies from Rs 120 to Rs 290,\" said C Moideen, who owns manufacturing units at Elettil Vattoli in the district. They also offer one-year warranty for the bags.According to Moideen most of the shops that procure bags from his manufacturing units are from small towns in the district where people can't afford branded products. \"We are finding it difficult to meet the rising demand due to lack of efficient manpower to stitch the bags,\" he said.Nandanam self-help group (SHG), which manufactures cotton bags, aims to sell over 17,000 bags this year. \"Bags manufactured by us have also been sent to the Gulf countries, said Smitha T P, who manages the SHG.However, manufacturers said that there has been an increase of 25% in the price of the raw materials, which are mainly brought from Thailand.\"Expecting increase in the price of the raw materials we have purchased those in advance. We manufacture bags as per the demand from the shops and have delivered over 1,000 bags so far this year,\" said M Rajan who runs MBR bags at Kunduparamba in the district.\"The difficulty in getting local manpower forces the units to employ migrant labourers from northern states,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13192550", "title": "Decision on aerial fogging not yet taken", "text": "KOCHI: It looks like mosquitoes are here to stay. Though Kochi Corporation had announced various measures, including aerial fogging, to curtail the menace, the local body has failed to execute any of the measures announced.A month ago, the Kerala State Housing Board (KSHB) had submitted a proposal on anti-mosquito drive to the Corporation. KSHB had maintained that swamps in Vypeen, Vallarpadam and Fort Kochi were the city's mosquito breeding grounds. To contain the men- ace, it pointed out the need to opt for a mechanism that could penetrate these areas. It was KSHB's view that mere fogging and spraying drains and canals would not help tackle the issue.Its plan was to periodically spray insecticides and larvicide using helicopters. It wanted a committee comprising the district medical officer and the district collector to decide on the chemical to be used for spraying. The local body had also decided to seek the assistance of the Vector Control Research Centre (VCRC) in deciding the chemical to be used. Admitting delay in taking up aerial fogging, Health Committee chairman T K Asharaf said the local-body had not communicated to the KSHB about its plans in this regard. \"Within two days, we will announce a final decision on the housing board's proposal. The Corporation will hold a discussion on this in the presence of Union minister of state K V Thomas, who had initiated talks regarding aerial fogging,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13177182", "title": "Life imprisonment for murder victim's kin", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge SI Pathan sentenced three relatives of a murder victim to life imprisonment after finding them guilty of committing the crime a year ago at Khalasi line in Mohan Nagar. Three others relatives have been convicted of assault charges but were acquitted of the murder charge.A property dispute in the family had led to the murder of Sudesh Jaiswal on the terrace of his residence. Sudesh was badly thrashed and stabbed to death by his two sisters, brothers-in-law and two nephews. He died on the spot.The court found that Sudesh's brother-in-law Kamal Bundele and nephews - Vivek alias Vicky and Manish-had inflicted fatal injuries on him. The three were sentenced to life imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 1,000.Sudesh's other brother-in-law Kailash Bundele was acquitted of the murder charge, but held guilty for voluntarily causing injury with dangerous object under section 324 of Indian Penal Code (IPC). He was sentenced to one-year jail term along with a fine of Rs 1,000. Sudesh's two sisters - Saroj and Varsha - too have been convicted for simple assault under section 323 of IPC and sentenced to a month's jail term.Sources informed that Kamal and his wife Saroj used to live in one of the rooms on the terrace with Varsha and her husband Kailash occupying adjacent room. The ground floor was occupied by Sudesh and his family. Following frequent tiffs, Sudesh's sisters and their families were to leave the premises.As Saroj and Varsha's families were preparing to leave, Sudesh's wife Shanti had an argument with them over an issue. Following which Kamal and Kailash assaulted Shanti. A perturbed Sudesh rushed to the terrace to teach his brothers-in-law a lesson. Meanwhile, Sudesh's nephews too rushed to help their parents. An outnumbered Sudesh got killed in the fight.Sadar police had arrested six persons for killing Sudesh. Later, Saroj and Varsha got bail.Additional public prosecutor Iftekhar H Quazi said eight witnesses were examined. \"Shanti's eyewitness account proved crucial in the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13177956", "title": "Defeat corrupt leaders, says Anna Hazare", "text": "NAGPUR: As Anna Hazare arrived in the summer heat of Nagpur on Wednesday, he announced that his next big campaign would be against the Maharashtra government's failure to tackle the water crisis. Speaking to reporters, the anti-graft crusader said, \"After I finish my current tour, I will meet with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and question him about the water crisis. I will also present evidence of corruption in that department.\" Hazare said that if Chavan failed to take immediate action, he will again start a major campaign in the state against this.Hazare said both drinking and irrigation water shortages are a direct result of the inefficiency of the government machinery. \"We are spending so much money on various water projects but about 50% of them have come to a standstill. In our state, not even 12% of the land is irrigated and the government keeps on announcing new schemes. The same contractors are used all the time because politicians are involved with them to siphon off funds,\" said Hazare.He criticized the government's \"focus on dam projects\" when self-sufficiency can be brought at the village level. \"Make every village the centre of a new project where soil and water conservation will be taught and implemented. Digging borewells deep and hand pumps will go a long way to solve the problem, but unfortunately many of our projects are fraught with technical faults which make these hand pumps useless,\" Hazare said.The Gandhian addressed a 10,000-strong crowd at Chitnis Park in the evening and was at his acerbic best while taking pot shots at politicians. \"The people of this country need a political alternative which can be trusted. Even if the current party goes, the others too will be like them. One has done graduation in corruption and the other will complete their doctorate. I will never start a political outfit but if the public chooses a consensus candidate, then I will certainly support them,\" said the activist said.He stressed on the need for a strong Lokpal Bill and the need for an independent Lokayukta at the state level. \"We need to decentralize power in our country and Lokayukta will ensure that. Every state will have the Lokayukta machinery to deal with corruption cases, and it will have the power to send them to jail as well,\" said Anna.He further added, \"If Lokpal had been implemented, then our home minister P Chidambaram would have been in jail. We see many scams that are being unearthed due to Right To Information (RTI) Act but it still has not reached its logical end. Hence, people need a stronger tool, like the Lokpal with a provision for Lokayukta, to root out corruption.\"Anna also said that changes in the electoral system are necessary for better governance. \"Right To Reject should be an option for voters while casting their ballot, and if more than 50% exercise that option, elections should be cancelled. New polls with new candidates should be held and this will ensure that the bad elements are filtered out from the system,\" said Anna. He, however, added that Right To Recall is a concept whose time is yet to come, but will nevertheless be an important tool for bringing electoral change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13202126", "title": "We were confident of defending 140 total: Gautam Gambhir", "text": "MUMBAI: Kolkata Knight Riders captain Gautam Gambhir has said that his bowlers were confident of defending the 140-run total in their IPL match against Mumbai Indians.Chasing a modest 141, the Mumbai outfit lost wickets at regular intervals to be shot out for 108 in 19.1 overs last night, thanks to the effort of the Kolkata bowlers.West Indian off-spinner Sunil Narine was unplayable and pushed Mumbai Indians to the brink with a superb haul of four for 15. And he was well-supported by Laxmipathy Balaji (2 for 11) and Jacques Kallis (2 for 42), while left arm spinners Shakib Al Hasan and Iqbal Abdulla too did their bit with a wicket each.\"We always felt 140-145 would be a good total. We had three quality spinners and the quality in bowling to contain them,\" said Gambhir after his side's 32-run win over the hosts that has virtually assured the Knight Riders a place in the play-offs.\"The way Shakib and Abdulla bowled was fantastic. The way Shakib bowled the first two overs out of the first six set up the game for us,\" he added.Gambhir said the team can be a bit more relaxed now going into the final round robin match against the struggling Pune Warriors on May 19 at the latter's territory -- the Subroto Roy Sahara Stadium.Stating that the Knight Riders' aim is to finish in the top two in the league table, Gambhir said, \"It was a fine win, but we have a long way to go. It was a must-win game for us.\"Hopefully we can be a little relaxed, try to express ourselves more in the next game and finish among the top two, which gives us two cracks in the play-offs, which is very important.\"Last time we had one bad day in the play-off and were out of the tournament. Hopefully we can win the next game and finish in the top two which gives us two opportunities.\"The loser of the first play-off between the two top finishers at the end of the league stage gets a second chance to enter the final through another game against the winners of the second play-off game between the third and fourth-placed teams in the table.Heaping praise on Manoj Tiwary for his crucial knock of 41 that rescued Kolkata from a difficult 6 for 2, Gambhir said in the context of the team's final total it was a huge effort.\"When you have lost two early wickets, partnership was important. One batsman had to bat through. That 41 out of 140 (made by Manoj Tiwary) was crucial. The way Manoj batted he can take a lot of confidence into the next game.\"The captain also praised the bowling efforts of West Indian off spinner Narine, the team's new recruit for the season, but added that the whole bowling unit of the Knight Riders had done a tremendous job in the tournament.\"I don't want to talk about individuals. He's been doing a fantastic job for us. But it's not only about Sunil Narine but is about other people as well. The entire bowling department has done a fantastic job for us. Most of the matches we have been able to contain the teams to 130-135.\"Sunil is one of the most successful bowlers but you need other four or five bowlers to complement him as well. All the other guys have done a fantastic job. Credit goes to the entire bowling department. We are very lucky to have him in the side,\" said Gambhir.India opener also sprang to the defence of the under-performing Yusuf Pathan and said he was a potential match-winner who will come good very soon.\"He has been striking the ball well. In the last game against Mumbai (in Kolkata) he was striking the ball well. We have faith in Yusuf. He will do something magical very soon and may be when it's required the most he will come good.\"He's a potential match-winner and would come good. It's just a matter of time he will do something magical. He has done magical things in the past. There's no point in giving him rest, it's about giving him more confidence. Very soon he's going to do something good for us, I feel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13192021", "title": "HD Kote mishap: Car driver arrested", "text": "MYSORE: Siddanaika, whose four-wheeler mowed down six women near H D Kote on Saturday, was arrested by police late on Monday night. However, the police announced the arrest only on Tuesday night.Siddanaika has been booked under IPC sections 340A (causing death by negligence), 338 (causing grievous hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others) and 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way). He has been remanded to judicial custody. In his statement to police, Siddanaika said that he drove to the extreme left of the road to avoid an oncoming truck. He didn't notice the women standing by the roadside, he added. Siddanaika said that he was alone and returning to H D Kote when the tragedy occurred.The five women, garment factory workers, were killed on the spot and nine others injured in the wee hours of Saturday at Hyrige village when they were run over by Siddanaika's Maruti Alto. Another girl succumbed to injuries on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13189099", "title": "2-day-old girl found dead in garbage bin", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a two day-old baby girl was found dumped in a garbage bin in Sabari Nagar in Mugilivakkam on Wednesday.Police said the baby, who had been wrapped in a lungi and put in a polythene bag, was probably alive when she was thrown into the bin. A rag-picker found the body, with ants crawling all over it, and alerted the police. The police are making a list of deliveries recorded the previous two days at hospitals and nursing homes in the city, in an attempt to trace the parents of the child. The police sent the body of the child to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital for postmortem.According to statistics from Childline India Foundation, which runs the child helpline, at least 20 babies have been abandoned in the city and its suburbs over the past six months. When cases are reported, volunteers with the helpline (1098) attempt to rescue the children, who are later handed over to NGOs.The helpline receives at least 10 calls every day on missing and abandoned children and children involved in begging or forcibly put to work.According to police officers, in areas like Chetpet, Maduravoyal, Red Hills and Pattabiram, where there is a large concentration of beggars, mostly from Andhra Pradesh and North India, abandoned babies are sometimes picked up by beggars who use them as props while begging.\"It's surprising that people abandon their children despite the presence of the Cradle Baby Scheme,\" said P Manorama, chairperson of Child Welfare Committee, Chennai, a quasigovernment organisation. \"Most cases are of children born out of wedlock. A majority of the babies we rescue are children who have been abandoned by unwed parents.\"Another reason for abandoning is illness. \"Children born with congenital defects, disability or infected with HIV are also abandoned in this manner,\" Manorama said. \"They are exposed to all kinds of hazards, like extreme temperatures, dehydration and animal attacks.\"\"Despite being a metro, a majority of the babies abandoned in Chennai are girls,\" she said. \"This shows that gender discrimination is still prevalent.\"According to government statistics, 3,321 girls and 607 boys were being taken care of under the state's Cradle Baby scheme till the end of last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13188022", "title": "HC asks CBI to produce case diary of Gopalgarh violence", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Wednesday asked the investigating officer of CBI to appear before the court with the case diary of Gopalgarh violence on May 19. The directive came on a petition filed by one Shafi Mohammad, who demanded that the probe of Gopalgarh incident should be handed over to the National Investigative Agency (NIA). The order was issued by Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma.Earlier, the CBI, in its chargesheet did not name former collector Krishna Kunal and former SP Hinglaj Dan as accused which was opposed by the Meo Muslim community, especially those who lost their kin in the case. Ten persons had lost their lives in the clash which took place in Gopalgarh town on September 14, 2011.\"The dead people belong to our community and their bodies were thrown into the well after being burnt. Likewise, the then collector Krishna Kunal had given his statement to CBI that several leaders like Kirori Lal Meena, Naseer Ali Naquvi had misled the people of Meo community and they filed FIRs against the officials after 11 days of the incident. No policeman, however, sustained bullet injuries. And the CBI conducted a one-sided probe,\" the petitioner alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13188404", "title": "Ministry of external affairs for allowing 1,000 Pakistan pilgrims for Urs", "text": "AJMER: In a bid to further enhance bilateral relations, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) has asked the Ajmer administration to see whether 1,000 pilgrims from Pakistan could visit the dargah during the forthcoming Urs starting from May 21. However, the local intelligence unit has given sanction to 525 pilgrims only, which too is a bigger number compared to previous years. Last year, only 450 pilgrims from Pak were permitted. Pak pilgrims come to Ajmer by a special train from Attari.The Pakistan delegation will cross the Attari border on May 21 and will reach New Delhi at night on the same day and will arrive in Ajmer next morning. \"The delegation consists of doctors, educationists, businessmen and devotees who will participate in the 800th Urs of Khwaja Garib Nawaz,\" said an official.The delegates will stay at government central girls' school in Naya Bazar and will return to Pakistan via New Delhi on May 30. \"The security of pilgrims is crucial and we have deputed about 125 extra IB officials,\" an official said.Reports suggest that the Pak High Commission was flooded with applications from people who wanted to attend the Urs of Ajmer dargah, after Pak president Asif Ali Zardari's visit last month. Sources said, MEA had asked the local intelligence wing to make arrangements for 1,000 Pakistan pilgrims during Urs. However, officials, in their report to central government, were requested to keep the number of delegates less than 600 for security reasons. \"Their safe stay is a major task and we cannot make arrangements on such a short notice,\" a source said. He said that security of Pak delegation is a huge responsibility and further increase in their number could compound to their problems.While 525 pilgrims will be attending the Urs as official guests of the Dargah administration, there are hundreds from Pakistan likely to visit the shrine on personal visa. \"People in Pakistan offer regular prayers for a year so that they either get the personal visa to attend the Urs in Ajmer or get the number in lottery of delegation to attend the Urs\" said the Khadim. \"Devotees start calling us before a month and ask us to offer prayers in the dargah so that they get the chance to attend the Urs\" said Sayeed Natik Chishty, a khadim.Every year Indian government gives permission to limited numbers of devotees of Pakistan to attend the Urs in Ajmer. Pakistan seek applications from their citizens for the delegation coming to attend the urs and only limited number of people got opportunity to attend the Urs. \"Devotees in Pakistan are eager to attend this occasion as khwaja garib nawaj is the maestro of Sufism. His great followers remained in Pakistan and devotees feel great occasion to attend the Urs here\" said another khadim.EomAjmer: In its bid to give more impetus to the ongoing improvement in bilateral relations, the MEA had asked the Ajmer administration to see if around 1000 pilgrims from Pakistan could visit the Ajmer dargah sharif during the forthcoming urs starting from May 21 onwards. However, the Ajmer Intelligence has given sanction to 525 Pak pilgrims, which too is a bigger number compared to previous years. Last year, only 450 pilgrims from Pak had come to Ajmer. Pak pilgrims come to Ajmer by a special train from Atari.The Pakistan delegation will cross the Atari border on May 21 by a special train and will reach New Delhi on the same night. The delegation will reach Ajmer next morning. \"The delegation consists of doctors, educationist, businessman and devotees of Pakistan who will participate in the 800th Urs of Khawaja Garib Nawaj\" said an official.The delegates will stay government central girls' school in Naya bazaar and will move back to New Delhi on May 30 on their way back to Pakistan. \"The important arrangement is the security of pilgrims and we have deputed about 125 extra IB officials,\" the official said.Reports suggest that the Pak High Commission was flooded with applications seeking Ajmer trip during urs period soon after Pak president Asif Ali Zardari visited the shrine last month. Sources told TOI that the MEA had asked the local intelligence wing for the arrangement of 1000 Pakistan pilgrims during urs. However, officials in their report to central government requested to keep the number of delegates less than 600 for security reasons. \"Their safe stay is a major task and we do not have the place to make arrangements on a short notice,\" said official source. He said that security of Pak delegation is a huge responsibility and further increase in their number could compound to their problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13192400", "title": "Indu chief in CBI crosshairs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Close on the heels of arresting Nimmagadda Prasad , the CBI is investigating Syam Prasad Reddy, another big industrialist from the city whose business registered phenomenal growth during 2005-10 . The CBI has already quizzed Syam Prasad Reddy on his links with YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy and his companies and might close in on him, agency sources told TOI.Indukuri Syam Prasad Reddy is chairman of Indu Projects, a company that dabbles in the real estate sector. \"Among the factors that drew the CBI's attention was that Indu Projects registered a phenomenal turnover of Rs 2,000 crore in a short span of time. Significantly, during the period YSR was chief minister, Indu Projects registered a growth of 100% every year. Syam Prasad Reddy is being investigated for his links with Jagan and possible quid pro quo investments in his companies,\" CBI sources told TOI.The CBI is in the process of establishing that Syam Prasad Reddy made huge investments in Jagati Publications ( Sakshi newspaper) and Indira TV (Sakshi TV) and in return, got benefits from the YSR regime in the form of a 150-acre IT and ITeS SEZ at Shamshabad, 8,800 acres of land at Anantapur for Lepakshi Knowledge Hub as well as contracts for several irrigation projects.He was also given land by the YSR regime for his various real estate projects in and around Hyderabad like Indu Fortunis Fields, Indu Aranya and Indu City.Claiming violations in Lepakshi Knowledge Hub, the CBI says that Syam Prasad Reddy pledged 4,397 acres of the land to various banks and raised a loan of Rs 790 crore in total violation of the purpose for which the land was allotted . APIIC has already recommended to the state government that the land allotted to Indu Projects be taken back.Further, the CBI claims to have gathered information that Indu projects received huge funds from Mauritius and that the entities there hold stakes in Syam Prasad's company. The annual return for the year 2011 submitted by Indu Projects states that out of the total capital , 9.39% came from foreign holdings and another 9.84% from venture capital funds. Interestingly , Indu Projects allotted 24,26,576 preferential shares to CSIRE Investment Ltd, 48,53,152 preferential shares to RECP IV Atria Investors Ltd and 48,53, 152 shares to Lodestar Investments Ltd, all based in Mauritius.In turn, these Mauritius companies hold huge number of shares in Indu Projects including 11,04,225 by CSIRE, 22,08,449 shares by RECP IV Atria and another identical 22,08,449 by Lodestar Investments. Besides, other Mauritius firms too like Maple Holdings Ltd (24,48,580 shares), Citigroup Venture capital International Mauritius Ltd (1,39,03,720 shares) and Almal Capital Mauritius Ltd (25,36,000 shares) have stakes in Indu Projects.The CBI grilled Syam Prasad Reddy on Tuesday and recorded his statement. CBI sources said he would be called again to explain crucial issues in the Jagan assets case. \"Syam Prasad Reddy was one of the biggest beneficiaries of the YSR regime in the form of the quid pro quo arrangement,\" CBI sources asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183291", "title": "Ex-Mumbai civic chief Jairaj Phatak's order to cancel Worli plot lease set aside", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court recently set aside ex-civic chief Jairaj Phatak's decision to cancel the lease of the 4-acre Worli plot to pharmaceutical firm GlaxoSmithKline (GSK).The land belongs to the BMC, but was leased to GSK in 1938. In 2004, the company sold the lease rights of the land to I-Ven Realty Pvt Ltd, a joint-venture firm set up by Vikas Oberoi of Oberoi Constructions and ICICI Venture Funds Management Company Ltd, for Rs 107 crore.Ruling in favour of GSK, a division bench of Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice A R Joshi questioned why the civic body passed a one-sided order against them. \"The adverse and prejudicial observations made in the impugned order leaves no room for doubt that this was a case where personal hearing ought to have been given by BMC commissioner, considering that it could have a bearing on the firm's reputation. Questions of fraud, misrepresentation, cheating (against GSK) cannot be decided in such a superficial or summary manner,'' the court said, while setting aside Phatak's order and directing the BMC to give a fresh hearing to GSK and I-Ven.The order gives a big boost to Oberoi Constructions which is now the sole owner of the Worli property after it purchased ICICI Venture's 50% stake in the project. Industry sources say the developer has plans to construct a 40-storey hotel or high-end twin 60-storey residential building.GSK had moved the court to challenge the order passed by Phatak in 2009 to transfer and develop the land given to I-Ven in Worli. In his order, Phatak allegedly accused GSK of fraudulently inflating the built-up area to derive unlawful benefit, pleading ignorance of key facts and misrepresenting at different points.Before passing the order, the BMC had issued three show-cause notices. Though GSK gave a written submission, the BMC gave a hearing only to I-Ven. The firm claimed that it had not been given a hearing and said the BMC had acted arbitrarily. GSK said the land had first been leased to the realty firm in 2004, by paying a premium of Rs 7.53 crore to the BMC. There was a fresh demand for a premium of Rs 134 crore in 2008 after the BMC revised transfer fees by 50%. The notice was later set aside by the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13184856", "title": "Seven injured in Howrah factory blaze", "text": "HOWRAH: Seven workers, including six women, were seriously injured in a fire at a zipper factory in Dhulagarh's Howrah Industrial Park. at Dhulagarh on Wednesday afternoon.Three of the victims have suffered more than 50% burns, the police said.Around 2.40pm on Wednesday, a group of workers were working engaged in the courtyard when they sensed gas leaking from a cylinder. The cylinder was piled in the gas bank within the courtyard.The area, also housing a gas bank, being stocked with plastic and other inflammable articles, smoke engulfed the workers within seconds. which has a gas bank. A pile of plastic and other inflammable articles was kept close by. They suddenly heard a hiss as gas started leaking from a cylinder. Before long, there was a spark and a ball of fire engulfed the workers.Locals on hearing the workers scream, rushed to their rescue. heard their screams and rescued the workers.Four fire tenders were called to douse the flames. Three women who received serious injuries were identified as Supriya Ghoshal, Ranjana Majhi and Shibani Mondal.They have been admitted to a private hospital in Kolkata along with the other injured.\"We have lodged a case under non-bailable sections against the owner of the factory at the Sankrail police station,\" said Bibhas Guha, deputy director, West Bengal Fire Services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13179040", "title": "Maharashtra govt buckles but teachers' strike still on", "text": "MUMBAI: As college and university teachers intensified their agitation on Wednesday, the state government swung into action and drew up a detailed plan on when their demands would be met. The state also promised to bring up the matter before the cabinet within a week. Yet, the final call on whether the strike would be called off will be taken on Friday afternoon.Early on Wednesday, the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (MFUCTO) received a letter from the state government accepting all their demands with a timeframe in place on when they will be paid the cash component (arrears of the Sixth Pay Commission).Rajesh Tope, minister of higher and technical education, said, \"We have issued a fresh letter promising to meet their demands in a time-bound manner. Simultaneously, we have asked all the universities to take stringent measures against them if they fail to resume work soon. The decision has been taken at the chief minister's level.\"The arrears of the VIth Pay Commission-a total of Rs 431 crore-will be released in a phased manner: The first instalment will be paid in June and the second in April 2013, stated the letter. The state will also bring up the issue of regularizing teachers affected by the National Eligibility Test (NET) or the State Eligibility Test (SET) in the cabinet within a week. The teachers' strike began in the first week of April, which in turn has affected the evaluation work of exam answer books at most state universities.Tapati Mukhopadhyay, general secretary of MFUCTO, said, \"The letter will be placed before the governing council of MFUCTO on Friday, where we will decide on our next course of action.\" She added that the call to intensify the strike in the University of Mumbai's jurisdiction was a success. \"Almost 100% of BUCTU teachers did not report to centralized assessment process (CAP( centres across Mumbai. We personally visited some of the centres and they were mostly empty.\"However, figures from the university examination house portrayed a different picture. Out of the 4,655 teachers appointed for the assessment work for various courses, around 1,656 teachers were present on Wednesday, said controller of examinations S M Suryavanshi. Attendance over the past few days has been a lot higher, hovering around 3,000 teachers who have been participating in correction work. When TOI contacted some CAP centres, officials in-charge said attendance was indeed low. \"On a normal day, we have an attendance of 45 to 50 teachers; only seven reported to work today,\" said a principal.Teachers' attendance was especially low for post-graduate and self-financing courses. At the Kalina campus-the largest CAP centre-around 625 teachers reported to work on Wednesday. Subhash Deo, director of examinations, said, \"Assessment work was not hit. It was business as usual. We are on track and will be able to declare results in time.\" To date, the university has announced results of 108 exams.'Paper correction not up to mark'The University of Mumbai may take pride in the fact that it has managed to speed up evaluation, but faculty members are worried about the quality of correction work. In a letter to the governor, the head of statistics department has demanded that the process be started all over again once the strike is called off. Ulhas Dixit, statistics HoD, said correction work was possible only because the eligibility of assessors was \"manipulated\". Asking the chancellor of universities K Sankaranarayanan to intervene, Dixit said, papers of TYBSc (Computer Science) and TYBCom, among others, have been assessed by teachers who have only one year's experience. \"According to Mumbai University's rule, a teacher should have more than three years of experience to be an examiner. This rule was highly diluted,\" the letter said. Dixit said that several teachers met the vice-chancellor over this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13179042", "title": "Man who killed wife, baby gets life sentence", "text": "Chandrapur: Ad hoc additional sessions and district judge PD Digraskar on Tuesday awarded a life sentence to Gowardhan Avekar (30) for murdering his wife Sharda (22) and 10-month-old daughter Rohini. Gowardhan's father Budhaji (66) and mother Wacchala (60), who were found guilty of destroying evidence and shielding the offender, were sent to five years imprisonment.The fourth accused Bhaskar Avekar, brother of Gowardhan, was set free by the court as prosecution failed to prove charges against him.The case dates back to 2009. Sharda had brought 40,000 cash and some jewellery at the time of marriage. Still she was subjected to sever physical and mental torture and was forced to bring 1 lakh. Few days before the incident, Sharda gave 20,000 to Gowardhan who insisted for 50,000 more.When Sharda failed to bring more money, he strangulated Sharda and Rohini to death in their sleep during wee hours of June 22, 2009.Gowardhan later with help of his parents burnt the bodies. Sharda's brother Anil Dange had filed a complaint with the Bramhapuri police which registered murder and slapped cases under relevant sections of Indian Penal Code. PSO JB Bhakte investigated the case.Judge Digraskar found substantial evidence against the convicted accused. The judge also slapped a fine of 10,000 on Gowardhan who will have to spend another six months behind bars if fails to deposit the fine. His parents too were convicted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13181586", "title": "Resident Welfare Association raises Rs 1.4 lakh for dead cop in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Head constable Sanjeev Malik, who was killed in Meerut in an alleged road rage incident on Tuesday, is fondly remembered by residents of Malviya Nagar where he served as beat constable in a previous stint. In a heartwarming gesture, the colony's RWA has stepped in to raise money for Malik's family - his wife and two children aged six and two.Sanjeev Rao, president of the East Malviya Nagar RWA said he read about the constable's death in TOI on Wednesday and immediately sent out an SMS asking residents to contribute money. By late evening, the RWA collected Rs 1.38 lakh. With money still pouring in, it is confident of collecting over Rs 1.5 lakh by Thursday.Malik, 36, was declared one of the best beat officers in February 2011, when he was posted in Malviya Nagar. Residents remember as an honest and efficient cop. \"He was an upright man, helpful and pleasant,\" said Rao.\"If a small association of 150 residents can collect so much money in such little time, I am sure if more people contribute, a larger amount can be collected. This is a small gesture to help a good man's family in this hour of need,\" he said.The south Delhi cops too hail Malik as an officer who knew his job well. A specialist in collecting information about western UP-based criminals, he earned praise when he joined the anti-auto theft wing of the south district. He was also known to cultivate sources across NCR and was a good analyser of mobile calls.A day after the south Delhi special staff cop died in a case of apparent road rage, questions are being raised over the Delhi Police's version of events. The Meerut police, meanwhile, claimed that Malik may have been killed elsewhere as no blood drops were found at the incident spot. They added that just one .9mm cartridge shell was recovered from the site.Delhi Police denied the claim, saying at least six rounds were fired at the cops by the miscreants. After a postmortem, Malik's body was handed over to his family, which took it to his native village of Sarang in Saharanpur.According to sources, the Meerut Police is trying to find out whether the presence of an informer - one Pankaj from Ghaziabad - in the car along with the three Delhi Police cops had something to do with Malik's death.\"Since the miscreants were in their Santro car, travelling in opposite direction to the WagonR of the Delhi cops, it is likely that Pankaj was identified. The attack could have been a ploy to draw out the Delhi cops and then shoot at them, staging the entire incident as road rage. They had gone to get a wanted car-lifter from Muzzafarnagar. When they checked the mobile location of the accused, it showed he was at Khurja. The possibility that his gang members are involved cannot be ruled out,'' said an officer accompanying SSP (Meerut) S Satyanarayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178909", "title": "Now, play the Barca way in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: A little over six months after announcing its plans to enter India, FCBarcelona took forward its commitment by announcing the setting-up of its official football school FCBEscola in Delhi NCR. FCBEscola is the school model of FCBarcelona.FCBEscola Delhi will be set up in association with Conscient Football, and its first branch in India will be operational at the Heritage School, Gurgaon, by the end of the year.Barca plan to expand the programme into other cities like Mumbai, Bangalore, Kolkata, Goa, Pune and Ahmedabad.Xevi Marce, director of FCBEscola, said, \"This is one of the most ambitious projects of FCBEscola. We hope to train 10,000 young footballers in the coming three years.\"Antonio Claveria will be the technical director of FCBEscola Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13184906", "title": "Driver held for sodomy", "text": "KOLKATA: Samshad Khan, 45, was held for a 45-year-old driver has been arrested sodomy at Park Street. Khan, a driver and resident of Mcleod street, sexually tortured a 15-year-old boy from the neighbourhood on Monday, said police.The driver was roughed up by locals after the boy confided in his parents. But when the people warned of lodging a complaint, he fled home. He was nabbed on Wednesday when he returned home to collect money. Though he is married, Khan's wife claimed him to be sick.During probe, Khan reportedly admitted to have done such offence even earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13179061", "title": "MKCG renovation after roof chip-off", "text": "Berhampur: The indoor building of MKCG Medical College and Hospital here will be renovated soon. The decision was taken after a concrete slab fell from the roof of the gynaecology ward on Tuesday. A woman sustained minor injuries. Her three-day-old infant escaped because the grandmother had taken him outside the ward. The patient was shifted to a cabin immediately after the mishap, sources said.\"We along with the engineers of the works department rushed to the hospital and inspected the building and discussed it with the hospital authorities,\" said MLA (Berhampur) R Ch Chyaupatnaik. The discussion was also held to declare the 45-year-old building unsafe. The engineers, however, suggested that there was no need to declare the entire three-storey building unsafe, he said.At present, the building accommodates over 1,080 patients in 15 major departments. The medical college has 31 departments both at the under graduate and post graduate-levels. \"There is no need to declare the entire building unsafe,\" said executive engineer, PWD (Berhampur) Simanchal Moharana said. He, however, said the PWD would take up renovation work soon and the government has sanctioned about Rs 93.6 lakh for it.Medical college authorities and MLA suggested that the renovation work should be taken jointly by the works and public health department (PHD) because the water was leaking from water tanks at several places. The health minister, Prasanna Acharya , has been apprised of Tuesday's incident, the MLA said. He has been asked to sanction more funds to give a facelift to the indoor building for the safety of patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "13191015", "title": "Maratha community demands reservation in govt jobs", "text": "KARWAR: The Maratha community in Karnataka should be included in category 2A and reservation in government jobs should be provided to them, Vijayendra Jadhav, convener of the campaign for Reservation for Marathas, said on Wednesday.He told the media in Karwar that the Kashtriya Maratha community has started a campaign demanding reservation for the community in Karnataka. Marathas constitute about 1.68 lakh voters in Uttara Kannada Lok Sabha constituency. In Haliyal assembly constituency, they are the highest number of voters, but they lack political representatives, he said.There are 40 lakh Marathas live in the state, but only 40 per cent of them own houses. While 18 per cent Marathas still live in huts, Jadhav said. He urged the government to provide the community with quality education, free hostel for students, concession of age limit in government jobs and opportunity to contest local elections under the reserved category.Marathas in Karnataka are not migrants; they are the original inhabitants of Uttara Kannada, he said and threatened to launch an agitation if the government failed to heed their demands. He said the community would urge the Congress high command to give ticket to former minister Prabhakar Rane to contest the next Parliamentary election form Uttara Kannada constituency.Maratha community leaders Ashok Naik, Purushottam Sawant, Mangala Kashilkar and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13184350", "title": "Students curious about new career choices in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Telephone lines at the helpline desk of the MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) ring incessantly these days. After the lines were opened for the post result, counselling of Class X and XII students, counsellors have received not less than 600 calls in two days.And, students are evincing keen interest in new avenues like merchant navy, law and banking.\"It is heartening to see students and parents from remote districts of the state talk about such career options rather than medicine and engineering\", says Shabnam Khan, one of the counsellors.More number of students are calling at the MPBSE helpline to explore offbeat career options and allaying pre-result jitters.The counsellor enumerated a case where an elder sibling had called on behalf of his younger brother who had just taken Class X board exam. \"He was interested in merchant navy while his younger brother wanted to pursue under-graduation abroad. He wanted to know what subjects his brother should take up for the same,\" she said.\"Even science students are enquiring about paramedical, nursing, accountancy, hotel management, integrated BBA, MBA courses and other related options,\" said Khan.\"Also, not just on the domestic front, even overseas opportunities and how to go about it are being probed by students,\" she said.The helpline is getting more than 300 calls per day. There is a general apprehension in students about the results and the possible dates. And the future course of action they can take.This year not just students, but parents are also showing concern about their child's anxieties, a sign of increasing awareness. \"A child from Gwalior called. Later, his mother also spoke to us about him. She was concerned and sought help as to how to counsel him.\"Another counsellor Piyush Turkar said calls were not limited to the big cities, but from across the state. \"There were calls from districts like Raisen, Rewa, Mandla, Vidisha, Datia and Narsingpur.\"The results are likely to be declared between May 25 and 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13179089", "title": "Trains cancelled for station work", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Railways has decided to cancel and short terminate selected passenger trains from May 14 to June 16 because of some major re-modelling and modernization work at Khurda Road railway station. The Khurda Road-Bhubaneswar-Khurda Road passenger and Khurda Road-Puri-Khurda Road passenger will be cancelled from both directions during this period.Similarly Bhadrak-Dhanmandal-Bhubaneswar-Bhadrak passenger, Bhubaneswar-Khalikote-Bhubaneswar passenger and Bhubaneswar-Balugaon-Palasa-Bhubaneswar passenger will be cancelled on every Sundays and second Saturdays (May 20, 27 and June 3, 9 and 10) from both the directions during this period.There are also few more trains which will be short terminated during this period. Bhubaneswar-Visakhapatnam-Bhubaneswar Inter City express will run between Palasa and Visakhapatnam from May 18 to June 16 and will be cancelled between Bhubaneswar and Palasa.The Santragachhi-Puri-Santragachhi passenger will run between Santragachi and Kapilas Road and will remain cancelled between Puri and Kapilas Road from both the direction with effect from May 17 to June 16. The Rourkela-Puri-Rourkela passenger will also run between Rourkela and Cuttack and will remain cancelled between Puri and Cuttack from both the direction from May 17 to June 16. Kharagpur-Khurda Road-Kharagpur passenger will also run between Kharagpur and Bhubaneswar and will remain cancelled between Bhubaneswar and Khurda Road from both the direction during this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "13190420", "title": "Knock, knock: Surprise for daughter", "text": "Shimoga: Wednesday dawned as usual for former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's daughter BY Aruna Devi and her husband S Uday Kumar.They were going about their morning chores when a knock at the door changed the complexion of the day for them. When they opened the door, they were taken aback to find a CBI team at their doorstep.The team locked the gates and did not allow anyone inside. This did not deter crowds from gathering outside the house.A 10-member CBI team in two batches raided Yeddyurappa's house and the engineering college managed by his family here. Soon after their arrival in Shimoga , one batch went straight to the house in Vinobanagar. The team questioned Aruna Devi and Uday Kumar, searched the residence and seized some documents.Later, they took Kumar with them to Syndicate Bank where the couple had a locker. During questioning, they learnt that the house was in the name of BY Vijayendra, Yeddyurappa's son. The officials asked the couple about Yeddyurappa's visits to the house. CBI officials declined to divulge details.The team then visited Prerana Trust, which runs an engineering college on the outskirts of the city. They verified records pertaining to the allegation that the trust headed by Yeddyurappa had received crores of rupees as kickbacks from two mining companies.Soon after the CBI team left her house, Aruna Devi who is also the joint secretary of Prerana Trust said that the officials sought some personal information . She said they questioned about bank lockers.Regarding reports of her husband's arrest, Aruna Devi said it was false as he had gone along with the team to the engineering college to help them in investigations. The CBI team visited the bank and allowed him to return home after verification. Yeddyurappa owns one house in Shimoga and a farmhouse on Hosur Road, which has a bio-metric facility. Only those whose fingerprints are stored can gain access inside.The CBI team, however, did not visit Shikaripur, Yeddyurappa's hometown. Shimoga MP and eldest son of Yeddyurappa , BY Raghavendra, was in Shikaripur on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13185718", "title": "Land allotment to farmers: Indore Development Authority to relax conditions", "text": "INDORE: Buckling under pressure from the agitating farmers, who had given their land at Super Corridor, Indore Development Authority (IDA) has now decided to bend the norms for allotting land to accommodate small farmers. IDA is now planning to offer plots to small farmers at upcoming residential schemes on super corridor. Besides this, the option to compensate farmers as per the guideline rate is also on the cards.\"We are considering to offer plots to the farmers in the upcoming residential scheme at Super Corridor in 230 hectares of land in Palankhedi village, Bada Bangarda, Bhaishala, Tikriya Badshah and Limbodakiri. Those farmers, who have given their lands in separate schemes, can also get a single piece of land,\" said IDA officials. A meeting with the farmers has been scheduled on May 24 in this regard, they added.Hundreds of farmers have given their land on super corridor in the scheme 151, 169-A, 169-B and 166. A huge chunk of this land has been given to the IT giants TCS and Infosys for setting up their centres in the city. As per the agreement, IDA was supposed to give 20 and 50 per cent of the developed land to the farmers. However, according to the master plan, the Super Corridor area cannot have any plot less than 2,000 square metre size. This had put 70 farmers in a fix who gave smaller piece of land.Officials said that with the new offer, farmers can now be easily accommodated and given individual plots. Earlier the farmers had refused the joint ownership offer of IDA and even threatened to cancel the agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13187614", "title": "Illegal shops razed at Saraswati Nala", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s anti-encroachment department on Wednesday demolished illegal constructions at Nala behind Damodar theatre along Main Road.Acting on the complaint of one Ganpat Vanmali, the anti-encroachment department demolished Sadguru Frameworks, Khushboo Shoppee and New Sairaj Saris and Dress Material shops, which were allegedly constructed on space meant for road.\"These constructions existed for years and we had informed them again and again to demolish them. We also sent notices to them. The NMC has already taken possession of the road. It took us four hours to demolish the shops,\" said DattatreyaGotise, deputy municipal commissioner of the anti-encroachment department.Divisional officer of the East division, P M Bagul, assistant superintendent (anti-encroachment) M K Bhandure and other employees, with the help of the police, carried out the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180737", "title": "Arguments on framing of charges on May 21", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sessions court in Ghaziabad on Wednesday decided to begin arguments on May 21 for framing of charges against Nupur and Rajesh Talwar in the twin murder of Aarushi and Hemraj.It also asked CBI to provide all the documents of the case to the accused by May 17.Additional district judge S Lal fixed the date for framing of charges while rejecting Talwars' plea for a month to study the prosecution documents before beginning of the arguments. Lal rejected the couple's plea saying Supreme Court has ordered an expeditious trial.Earlier in the day, Manoj Kumar Sisodia, the counsel for the Talwar couple, told the court that the investigating agency was not providing them with the requisite documents.\"CBI has relied on 141 documents in the case but now they are saying that they are not relying on more than 96 documents. The court has directed them to provide all the documents by 8:30 pm on Thursday,\" said Sisodia.He said the court had, earlier on May 14, ordered CBI to provide the documents to them by May 16.While Rajesh Talwar is out on bail, Nupur was taken into custody on April 30 after she surrendered in accordance with a Supreme Court directive.On Tuesday, CBI had handed over three compact-discs and also brought along documents comprising 6000 pages to be handed over to the couple's counsel. The photographs related to Aarushi and some other CDs have also been handed over to the Talwars. CBI assured the court that a seizure-memo would also be given to them. The couple had asked for more photographs related to the case to be given to them.However, the court refused to accept their plea saying the photographs cannot be handed over to them but they (Talwars) can inspect them.Earlier, the court had declined to hand over the statement and the narco analysis report of Krishna and Rajkumar, the domestic helps who were earlier arrested by CBI.Aarushi was found murdered at Talwars' Noida residence on May 16 with her throat slit while Hemraj's body was found the next day on the terrace of the house. Noida police had arrested Rajesh Talwar for the murder but later the agency arrested three helps - Krishna, Rajkumar and Vijay Mandal.In its closure report, the second CBI team gave these helps a clean chit in December 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13183243", "title": "Sewage plant plans run into hurdles", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body's plans to upgrade two waste water treatment plants (WWTPs) in Bandra and Malad have hit a stumbling block.The two WWTPs are part of the much delayed Phase-II of the Rs 4,000-crore Mumbai Sewage Disposal Project (MSDP). Ahead of the civic elections, the BMC had invited pre-qualification bids for upgrade of other treatment plants in the city.Confirming the development, chief engineer (MSDP) Vilas Bobde said the BMC was facing some hurdles with the two WWTPs. \"In the case of Bandra, the MSRDC (Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation) is still not returning the land. The entire plot has construction machines on it and we cannot start work on the treatment plant unless these are cleared. As far as Malad is concerned, we are yet to get clearance from the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).\"At Bandra Reclamation, the civic body is unable to build the treatment plant next to the BMC's existing sewage pumping station as the 3-hectare municipal plot is being used by the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation.According to civic officials, the MSRDC has refused to vacate the plot despite several letters sent by the BMC. The civic body had given the reclaimed plot of land to the MSRDC on a temporary basis for a casting yard for the Bandra-Worli Sea Link. However, even after the work was completed, the MSRDC did not return the land arguing that it needed it for the Worli-Haji Ali Sea Link.To add to the BMC's problems, the treatment plant proposed at Malad is stuck owing to lack of environmental clearances from the MoEF. The BMC is awaiting the clearance for some time but has got no response.According to MSDP officials, a major portion of the land required by the civic body in Malwani (Malad) to build the plant is covered with mangroves and has been declared protected forest land by the high court.A civic official said sewage amounting to 2,600 million litres daily is generated in the city; of this, the civic body is primarily able to treat only 1,600 MLD, meeting the standards of the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board. After the treatment, the water is released into the Arabian Sea. Its plan to activate sewage treatment at these plants is being touted as one of the largest waste water improvement initiatives in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13190581", "title": "Siddaramaiah slams ministers", "text": "HUBLI: Leader of the opposition in the assembly Siddaramaiah alleged that in the wake of escalated factional feud in the ruling BJP, ministers are not helping the central team, which has come to Karnataka to study impact of drought in the state.Speaking to reporters at the Hubli airport on Wednesday, Siddaramaiah alleged that some of the BJP ministers are in Goa and some of them are with former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , without giving a hoot about the central team's visit to the state to review drought situation.Reacting to the raid of the CBI team over former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's house on Wednesday morning, he said it was expected, because CBI had filed FIR on Tuesday.The Congress leader demanded that all those involved in illegal mining and denotification of land should be punished, irrespective of the parties they belong to, be it BJP, Congress or JD(S).Siddaramaiah said BJP government is on the verge of collapse.The fall may happen any time now and the Congress is ready to face elections, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13188972", "title": "Let Margao municipal council acquire Costa ground: Aquem Ground Bachao Association", "text": "MARGAO: Stepping up the ante, local residents from Aquem and Margao under the banner of Aquem Ground Bachao Association (AGBA) have appealed to the South Goa district planning authority (SGPDA) to issue a no objection certificate (NOC) for the acquisition of Costa Grounds in Aquem.AGBO, which has been agitating for over a year, pointed out that the Margao municipal council (MMC) had adopted a resolution to acquire Costa Ground.\"In this context, MMC had requested SGPDA to issue a NOC, and so also the mamlatdar of Salcete to provide latest sales statistics in the month of March,\" said AGBA president Damodar Korgaonkar.Korgaonkar added that in view of the fact the SGPDA will be having its board meeting on Thursday, they had appealed to them to issue the NOC.AGBA further warned that if the sentiments of the people of Aquem and Margao were not heeded, they would decide their future course of action by taking the people into confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13183760", "title": "Guard against hypertension: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: Keep a watch on your lifestyle for the sake of healthy heart. Hypertension due to change in lifestyle is affecting thousands, particularly youngsters, in the city. This leads to cardiovascular diseases, not only among the old, but youngsters, too, say experts, counselling a regimen of regulated lifestyle. A word of advice from the medical professionals came on Wednesday a day ahead of the world hypertension day.\"Approximately one in every ten patient being treated for cardiovascular diseases in the city aged 30-35 years,\" said Gandhi Medical College HoD Dr Yogesh Verma. Those in the age group of 40-50 years remain most susceptible to hypertension related problems, he added.Blame it on ever increasing pace of change, stress of competition or peer pressure -- hypertension is fast becoming a cause of concern. \"Lifestyle factors such as inactivity, smoking , junk food, high fat intake and lowing intake of fruits and vegetables increasing the prevalence of hypertension,\" he added.Obesity and overweight pose a major risk for chronic diseases, including hypertension, type 2 diabetes , sleep apnoea, fatty-liver disease, osteoarthritis and certain forms of cancer.\"Excess weight is now widely recognised as a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease and all current guidelines recommend lifestyle counselling for weight loss as the first step for hypertension management,\" said psychologist Dr Vinay Mishra.Quoting a study by Indian heart watch, Dr Verma said only 57% people are aware that they suffer from hypertension. For countering hypertension, experts recommend eating a balanced diet and exercise.Make healthy food choicesEating healthy is always a good ideaReduce your sodium or salt intake -Look at food labels and choose low sodiumTry to limit process and fast foodsWhen cooking, don't add extra saltSeason foods with fresh herbs, lemon juice or vinegarsMake sauces from scratch instead of buying ready-madeWhat is healthy blood pressure?Blood pressure is a measurement of the force applied against the walls of the arteries as the heart pumps blood through the body. The force and amount of blood pumped, and the size and flexibility of the arteries determine your blood pressure number. A reading consists of two numbers, for example: 120/80, which is read as \"120 over 80.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "13191853", "title": "Two charged with lodging false cases", "text": "ARARIA: Two men Mohammad Salauddin and Mohammad Shamim, who stooped too low to bring into play their young daughters to settle their scores, have finally landed themselves in a soup. The duo have been charged with lodging false cases against each other. SP Shivdeep Lande told TOI he had ordered for filing of cases against both the men.This incident took place at village Paikhpar under Bhargama police station in Araria district on Wednesday. Sajan Khatoon (10) lodged an FIR against one Mohammad Salamat, brother of Muniya Khatoon, with Bhargama police station on May 12. She charged Salamat with committing rape. Close on the heels of it, Muniya Khatoon, aged ,9, lodged an FIR with the same police station and slapped rape charge against her grandfather Mohammad Naqeem on the same day, police said. Sajan and Muniya are cousins.There is a land dispute between Sajan's father Salauddin and Muniya's father Shamim, who are brother in-law. Araria SP Shivdeep Lande, who supervised the cases, said both the cases are false.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "koraput/berhampur", "code": "13179031", "title": "Red bandh hits traffic", "text": "Koraput/Berhampur: Traffic came to a complete standstill and normal life was thrown out of gear in several Maosit-hit pockets of Koraput, Malkangiri and Rayagada districts for the nationwide bandh called by the Maoists on Wednesday.The 24-hour nationwide bandh was called by the Red rebels in protest against the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre ( NCTC) and operation Green Hunt.Notwithstanding elaborate security arrangements, government buses remained off road in Malkangiri and Rayagada districts and only a few private buses plied on regular routes. Fearing Maoist attacks, bus services from Rayagada to Kandhamal and Gajapati districts also remained suspended. Markets also were mostly closed in these areas.\"The Maoist bandh affected traffic badly. Bus owners and traders did not want to earn the wrath of the Red rebels. So buses did not ply and most shops had their shutters down,\" said a resident of Onkadeli in Koraput's Lamataput block.Police said no violence was reported across the region during the bandh period. \"The situation is under control, but we can't take chances. Adequate forces have been deployed to ensure order,\" Koraput SP Awinash Kumar said.In Malkangiri, it was an unofficial holiday as various government offices markets and weekly haats remained closed. Road communication was severely disrupted in several areas of Kandhamal and Gajapati districts too. Bus operators, including the state-owned Odisha Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC) decided not to ply long-route buses.\"We have decided not to operate our long-route night buses in several routes bound to Malknagiri and Koraput via Gumuda in Rayagada district,\" divisional manager, OSRTC Berhampur, A K Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "13182742", "title": "AC shopping malls coming up in Bhagalpur", "text": "BHAGALPUR: In an era of consumerism, the city dwellers' liking for shopping under one roof, much on the lines of swanky air-conditioned malls in big cities, is being now visible in Bhagalpur as well. The growing fondness for a-la-mode shopping by the customers has resulted in coming up of malls in the Bhadralok's city that has been otherwise quite slow to change. To name a few, Shreyash and V-Mart are already functional whereas big malls with 4-screen multiplexes like GTM Mall, FM Mall and others are also coming up in the city.While the taste of city dwellers has changed as far as shopping is concerned, it has become a cause for concern for the retail and small shop owners dealing in limited articles. Change in the shopping behaviour of customers has forced the shopowners to renovate and add glamour to their shops. They display an array of goods from the mundane to the luxuries all under one roof so that customers are drawn to their mall.Dr Archana, a gynaecologist, says earlier she used to go to different shops for buying grocery to toiletries to clothes to other articles, but now she prefers to visit one particular air-conditioned mall that caters to all the needs of her family. She says the mall culture began first with the metros before the idea travelled to the relatively bigger towns. Now customers living in towns like Bhagalpur are happy that they do not have to go to Patna and other bigger places for buying fancy items as they get whatever they want there itself.Sunil Kumar, a teacher, says malls save a lot of time. \"I take my wife along to the mall on week-ends and pick up everything we need for the next week. That way, we save on time and energy and pay more attention to things that matter more like the kids' homework etc.\"Chandraprakash Singh who teaches in Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University says that though there is dearth of shopping complexes in Bhagalpur, he prefers shopping at the air-conditioned malls. \"Shopping in a comfortable, AC mall has become necessary for people who have paucity of time,\" he adds.\"There has been a sea change in the preferences of people,\" said Dinesh Maheshka who has provided land for Bhagalpur's latest shopping mall V-Mart. \"As people now prefer malls that offer goods from garments to shoes under one roof, we went in for V-Mart,\" he added. The brain behind Shreyash shopping mall, S Kishorepuria, said that marketplaces have to develop on the lines of Big Bazaar, Vishal Megamart and other shopping malls. \"We cater to the customers' choice ranging from jewellery, crockery, daily use items, confectionary items besides grocery and designer clothes at reasonable and competitive price under one roof,\" he added.Acknowledging the change in customers' preferences and their liking for shopping malls, president of Eastern Bihar Industries Association (EBIA) Mukutdhari Agarwal says that the city is witnessing major change on the lines of modern shopping malls. \"Shops selling exclusive and limited items are now being challenged by shopping malls,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13185085", "title": "Indians stranded in Angola don\u2019t want to come back: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a new twist to the case of 1,200 Indians \"stranded'' in Angola, the government on Wednesday said the Indians working in an under-construction cement factory were not keen on coming back even when offered facilities to return home.Minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi said in Rajya Sabha that these workers were employed by a Dubai-based Indian company and were demanding payment of over-time allowance.He said there was a strike on the issue on April 16 after which the Indian embassy had intervened but nothing happened. \"The situation on May 9 reached a point where the local police had to intervene and teargas shells were lobbed and firing in the air was done,\" Ravi said, adding that an Indian national, Vinay Kumar from Karnataka, was injured and was being treated at the military hospital there.The minister said that after the incident, 59 Indians were produced in the local court where a fine of $40,000 was imposed on 22 of them, adding that the government would take care of the money part. He said majority of the workers had refused to come back.The foreign ministry too said that travelling back from Angola was not an issue. \"Should any of them want to come back to India, the embassy would be willing to provide them emergency certificates,'' MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.\"Also, I have seen reports saying that some of them are starving. There is no truth in those reports. They are being provided food. So, there is no starvation. Of course, they are in a difficult situation and we are trying to work out with the authorities on this. Our ambassador has been in touch with various officials in the capital in Luanda,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13188811", "title": "Sariska villagers' protest enters second day", "text": "JAIPUR: The agitation of farmers under Bharatiya Kisan Union, demanding refurbishing of Sariska road and basic facilities in the villages, entered the second day on Wednesday. More than 50 villages in and around Sariska are participating in the agitation.The farmers are demanding lift on the ban on registration of land in 164 villages in the area and announcing forest road leading to Sariska as national highway.Yudhvir Singh, national general secretary of BKU said: \"The government did not fulfill its promises which it had made to the farmers earlier. They made the national highway, a life line for all the villages in the area, as forest road. This time we will not make any agreement with the government unless they accept our demands.\"The protestors have also threatened to block the entry of tourists, lock government offices and take the movement to a national level.The government is in fix as the issue of lifting of registry has led to clashes of interest between forest department and the villagers. The wildlife protection act puts a complete ban on the registration of land in the forest area and government has no power to overrule the law. Similarly, the non-compliance of directions issued by the Supreme Court for conservation of forests and protection of animals has forced the government not to carry out any construction work.R S Shekhawat, field director, Sariska Tiger Reserve said: \"Villagers should keep some patience and act prudently. The compliance of the SC orders has to be done first and then only work of tarring the road can initiated. A petition has also been filed in the court for the amendments in the directions.\"He added \"the rules have been passed by then parliament. There nothing much that forest department or the district administration can do\".However, viewing the agitation the state government has allotted the budget for the construction of two roads in the tiger reserve. For a 3 kilometer stretch of Thanagaji ring road and 15 km of Mandawara road, government approved Rs, 5 corers and 12 lakh. After the construction these two raods the villagers will not have to pass through the tiger reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13190063", "title": "Goa board Class XII results likely on May 21", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education is likely to announce the Class XII public exam results on May 21.The results' announcement will end the wait for 14,516 students who have answered the exams held from March 3 to March 27.\"The results are nearly ready; they only have to be printed now. They will most likely be announced on Monday,\" a Goa board source informed. Of the 14,516 students who have answered the exams in the arts, commerce, science and vocational streams, 7,411 are girls and 7,105 boys. Another 797 reappeared for the test this year.After the Class XII results are announced, the admissions to first year degree courses will open the following day for the arts, science and commerce streams.The graph of the Goa board Class X and XII results has been volatile for the last five years. On an average, a pass percentage of 76% was recorded at Class XII by the board until 2008, when the pass percentage went up to 79.32%. The upward swing continued in 2009 when for the first time in the board's history, the pass percentage crossed 80 and touched 82.55%. The pass percentage saw a minor drop in 2010 to 82.52% and slid down to its 2008 record of 80% again in 2011.This is the second year when students of Class X and XII will get marked in both marks and grades. The grading system was introduced for the public exams during the last academic year, with which an internal assessment system is also in place to reduce the pressure on students to perform once a year at the board exam. The system of marks was continued along with grades when the new grading system was introduced last year to enable students to understand the allotment of grades better.However, the board decided that students will be evaluated as per grades and marks for the 2012 exams as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190547", "title": "Four killed in road mishap at Vasad", "text": "VADODARA: Four persons died after a speeding truck hit their car near Vasad on Anand-Vasad Road near Vasad on Wednesday morning. The deceased include two persons from Vadodara and two from Anand district.The truck loaded with grit was moving towards Vadodara from Anand when it hit a Wagon R car that had five passengers and was going towards Anand from Nandesari on the outskirts of Vadodara.Three passengers including Kiran Rathod, 35, and his two friends - Chandrakant Parmar, 24, and Gunvant Gohil, 35, died on the spot. Kiran, a resident of Angadh village, situated near Vadodara, was driving the car. Parmar was a resident of Angadh while Gohil was a resident of Desar village, also situated near Vadodara.Of the two other passengers who were rushed to the hospital in 108 emergency services, a 30-year-old resident of Nandesari, Janak Raj, died on way. The fifth passenger, Ganpat Jadhav, 35, a resident of Lalpura village of Borsad taluka of Anand district is hospitalized.Vasad police which had rushed to the spot had fears that the number of fatals could have increased as there was a possibility that some labourers would have got trapped inside the grit after the truck turned turtle. But the cops found no labourers trapped.A relative of the deceased, Dipak Raj, who is a resident of Nandesari, had lodged a complaint against the driver of the truck at Vasad police station. The driver is absconding after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13183617", "title": "Non-interlocking of Sultanpur station from May 24-28", "text": "LUCKNOW: The non-interlocking of Sultanpur station will be done from May 24 to 28. In view of safety and punctuality of trains, short termination/origination of trains has been planned. Train numbers 54281 (1SL) and 54283 (3SL) will originate from Bandhukala. On the other hand, train numbers 54282 (2SL) and 54284 (4SL) will short-terminate at Bandhukala. The trains will be restored on May 29. Train numbers 54371 and 54372 will be clubbed and run on the path of 54373 (UP) from Prayag from May 24 to 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13191121", "title": "Paint warehouse gutted near Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: A godown which stored paints in Vijay Vihar was gutted on Wednesday. Till reports last came in, the fire had been brought under control after nine hours. Twenty-three fire tenders were pressed into service. There were no reports of any injury.\"We received a call around 9.40am. It is yet not clear how the fire broke out,\"said a fire officer. He added that the fire spread quickly as paints and varnish were stored in the godown. Investigators were trying to ascertain if proper fire-safety measures were taken before stocking inflammable substances.The incident comes days after several sari shops were gutted at Nai Sadak near Chandni Chowk, calling into question fire-safety measures at commercial establishments. Elsewhere, three persons were injured when a gas cylinder exploded at a tea stall in Mukherjee Nagar around 4.45pm. One of the injured, Jai Gopal, sustained 70% burns. The other injured were identified as Keshav and Vivek. They were admitted to LNJP Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13180433", "title": "2 held for cheating businessmen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two men have been arrested for allegedly cheating businessmen by posing as CBI and sales tax officials. Kishan Lal (62), involved in 24 cases of cheating, and Rajender Kumar (40), wanted for 9 such cases, were picked up from near Rohini west Metro Station, said Sanjay Jain, DCP (crime).\"With their arrest, we have solved three cases,\" said additional DCP (Special Investigating Team), Joy Tirkey. They duped a trader from J&K; near Shish Ganj Gurudwara, Chandni Chowk on May 9. Their aide Ramesh Kumar was held the same day.\"On May 9, the trio asked the trader to accompany them to Meena Bazar. They started scanning notes worth Rs 25,000 there and handed him a envelope saying the money comprised of original notes. On looking into the envelope, the trader realized he had been duped. He raised an alarm but the trio fled,\" a cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13191337", "title": "It\u2019s a 2 month break for the white Zen gang", "text": "PANCHKULA: The White Zen gang has a peculiar style in executing crimes. The gap between their next strike and the previous one is always about two months and most of their targets are people carrying large cash of industrialists or businessmen.\"If we go by their previous strikes, they have always struck on soft targets after a gap of around two months. Once through with several strikes, they disappear for a long time, sometimes a year or so,\" said CIA in-charge, Panchkula, Karamvir Singh.In 2008, they struck in January and robbed Rs 5.16 lakhs from the employees of Berkeley. The next strike came within two months in March when they robbed two employees of Vishal Mega Mart. Another two months and the White Zen gang attacked at the Sector 4 petrol pump in Panchkula and robbed Rs 7 lakh from the pump.The gang resurfaced in 2009, when they robbed Rs 2.4 lakh from Sector 5 petrol pump in Panchkula at around 4am on August 16 after locking its proprietor Lal Singh and two employees- Arun and Navin. Their next strike was reported on November 24 (after 2 months), when they robbed Rs 18 lakh from an electricity department employee.This year, the gang struck in February first when they robbed two employees carrying Rs 6 lakh of their owner. Their second strike has surfaced after two months now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13178824", "title": "Nehru knew how to laugh at himself: Indira Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shankar, the renowned cartoonist of 1950s and 60s, did not even spare Jawaharlal Nehru, the then Prime Minister of India. Nehru, apparently, did not mind it. A volume of Shankar's cartoons of Nehru was published by Children's Book Trust in 1983 with both the blessings and a foreword from Indira Gandhi . Don't Spare Me Shankar is a compilation of about 400 of the 1,500 cartoons Shankar drew of Nehru, most of them for his magazine, Shankar's Weekly.The book has long been out-of-print but it contains an extraordinary testament to the fact that Congress leaders were once capable of understanding and appreciating the art of political cartooning. Gandhi's brief note is generously sprinkled with praise of Shankar's work and states categorically that Nehru \"enjoyed a hearty laugh-often at his own expense.\"The 21st century Congressmen seem to be a less-tolerant breed.Indira too had found herself at the sharp end of Shankar's satire many times. But she doesn't seem to have held any lasting grudges. As she writes in the book's foreward, she understood that \"[t]here cannot be a cartoon without a certain amount of irreverence.\"\"Cartoonists have become an integral part of the intellectual life of a modern society. Some draw without intent to draw blood; some remove masks and hold a mirror to the face of society,\" she writes. Nehru had given the cartoonist carte blanche to lampoon him by saying the words that later became the book's title. He had said, \"Don't spare me Shankar\" at the launch of Shankar's Weekly in May, 1948. \"From Jawaharlal Nehru he got affection and even indulgence,\" writes Indira.She wrote the foreword years after Shankar's Weekly had packed up, closed within a month of the start of the Emergency. Its closure had prompted her to write to Shankar. In a letter dated July 26, 1975 - the period of the Emergency had started on June 26 - she wrote, \"I learnt a few days ago about your decision to stop Shankar's Weekly and I have just seen the farewell note in your issue of July 27. It takes a great deal of strength of mind to close down what one has built through years of care and labour. You are the best judge. As you say, it is too much for one man even when that man is an institution. We shall miss the journal.\"\"Turning over its pages,\" she writes in the foreword, \"We relive the controversies of yesterday - the vanities of some, and the intrinsic strength of the man who stood above them in large-heartedness, ability and vision.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13188091", "title": "Resolution passed on local body tax", "text": "NASHIK: At a meeting ofthe zilla udyog mitra (ZUM) on Tuesday, industrial associations across Nashik unanimously passed a resolution for bringing into effect local body tax (LBT) in Nashik. District collector P Velarasu, (also the officiating commissioner of Nashik municipal corporation), gave his consent to the resolution saying that a copy of the same would be sent to the state government.After a prolonged protest by industry bodies, privatisation of octroi collection had been cancelled recently at the NMC's general body meeting. The NMC had therefore been gearingup to collect octroi starting May 19.Meanwhile, chairman of the NMC's standing committee, Uddhav Nimse, met CM Prithviraj Chavan last week in Mumbai and submitted a proposal for LBT which recommended doing away with octroi altogether. Industrial bodies have assured the NMC that the octroi recovery target of Rs 600 crore would be achieved through LBT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13190323", "title": "Senior citizens help cops settle petty disputes", "text": "VADODARA: The 'Police Vadil' scheme initiated by the city police by roping in elderly persons to take care of petty disputes that can be resolved with the help of intervention of elderly and mature persons seems to be showing results.The Kishanwadi police station has resolved 18 cases of petty disputes through the intervention of persons it roped in as 'Police Vadil'.Even as other police stations barring Panigate are yet to make any major breakthrough on this front, Kishanwadi police station is a test case that reveals that a lot can be done through the scheme. The police station had roped in three persons as 'Police Vadil' - the least amongst all the police stations in the city - but its performance on the scheme that began on March 1 has been exemplary.A 52-year-old realtor Shankar Soni, 50-year-old hosiery trader Kapila Tadvi and a 52-year-old rickshaw driver Nazirbaig Mirza were appointed to call people who made applications over petty disputes or domestic quarrels and ensure that they struck a compromise or reached an amicable solution over the problems. The trio makes it a point to visit the police station every evening as far as possible and go through such applications received at the police station.Soni said that if one wanted to contribute to the society, he needed to find time. \"This is our way of doing so and we find time to go through the application and meet the parties. Such issues can be resolved by people amongst themselves without going through a legal process,\" he said.Mirza said that while attempts were being made to resolve the problems, if they recurred after three months, legal action was initiated. He added that they were now planning to start extensive work on missing children. \"We will create awareness in residential societies that people should keep vigil regarding suspicious persons. The friends of police will also be used to create awareness in this regard amongst children too,\" he added.Kishanwadi police inspector P L Chaudhary said that after police commissioner Satish Sharma started the scheme, their burden had reduced considerably. \"Earlier, we spent a lot of time on such applications and petty issues. If policemen tried to discourage people from registering an offence, it was perceived as if we did not want to work,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13178849", "title": "Shamsher Singh's Hindi, Urdu works appreciated", "text": "WARDHA: The literary work of Shamsher Bahadur Singh, the great Hindi poet, gives an insight into the culture of Hindi and Urdu languages, said Kedarnath Singh, a well-known poet.Singh was speaking at a symposium organized at Mahatma Gandhi International Hindi University to mark the 19th death anniversary of Shamsher Bahadur Singh. Ranjana Argade, a renowned writer, gave the literature (published and unpublished) and paintings of Shamsher Singh and copyright of his works to Swami Sahajanand Saraswati Sangrahalaya of the university. KG Khamre, registrar of the university, received the works and signed an MoU.Kedarnath said Shamsher Singh provided a new style to poems. A reader can find influence of Urdu words in Hindi poems. Dr Ganga Prasad Vimal lauded the university for maintaining an excellent library.Vijay Mohan Singh , a renowned story writer, said that Shamsher Singh used paintings as one of the tools to express his views.Vice-chancellor Vibhuti Narayan Rai said that those doing research on Shamsher Singh will have to come to Wardha. A film on Shamsher was also screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13178987", "title": "Naveen appeals to Maoists to give up arms", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Coinciding with Bharat bandh observed by Maoists, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday appealed to the extremists to give up arms and join the mainstream. In a carefully worded statement aimed at reconciliation with the Red radicals, Naveen did not use the word 'Maoist' referring to the ultras as 'brothers and sisters' instead. \"Today when bandh (was being observed) in India, including some parts of Odisha, I appeal my young brothers and sisters to return to the mainstream,\" Naveen told mediapersons here, a day after home secretary U N Behera warned the Red outlaws that \"all attempts to disrupt public order and unlawful activities have to be firmly dealt with\".Notwithstanding Behera's veiled threat, the CPI (Maoist) observed Bharat bandh on Wednesday opposing the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre and demanding stopping of Operation Green Hunt and withdrawal of central para-military forces from anti-extremist works. The bandh evoked partial response in parts of southern Odisha with vehicular movement and business activities affecting it in Koraput, Kandhamal, Gajapati, Rayagada and Malkangiri districts.The CM appealed to the rebels to follow the \"law according to the Constitution and not to be coerced into the law of the jungle\" and also join the government's plans for development and welfare of tribals. \"My appeal to them is to return to their deprived areas in their village and join the mainstream and also join the state government policies for tribal development and uplift of women ,\" he said, noting that nearly a quarter of Odisha's population are tribals.Making apparent the Odisha government's 'blow-hot-and-cold' approach to quell the Left-wing guerillas' challenge, Naveen's olive branch to Maoists followed the home secretary's assertion on Tuesday that \"while the state government is making all possible efforts to maintain peace and order, the Maoists have continued to indulge in violent activities by killing innocent civilians and security personnel\".The CM has on quite a few occasions in the past exhorted Maoists to give up violence, but to no avail. The latest appeal assumes significance given the intensification of security operations in extremist-dominated areas like Kandhamal, Koraput and Nuapada post-release of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka and Italian citizens Claudio Colangelo and Bosusco Paolo from rebels' captivity. Naveen, sources said, is also at his wits' end on how to handle the Maoist demand for Hikaka's resignation as lawmaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13185656", "title": "Lucknow to get a new DIG soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Departmental Promotion Committee on Wednesday elevated more than half a dozen 1992 batch IPS officers, including DIG Lucknow Ashutosh Pandey, to the rank of inspector general (IG). With incumbent Pandey getting promoted, the city will soon get a new DIG. The DPC meeting, which was already delayed by a month, was finally held on Wednesday.Following Pandey's elevation, speculations have begun over his successor. Sources said Navneet Sikeira, said to be close to Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh, is most likely to succeed Pandey. Sikeira, sources added, has agreed to come as DIG Lucknow.But this would mean that Lucknow would remain without an SSP even after restoration of zonal policing system by Akhilesh Yadav government. Lucknow and Kanpur may not have an SSP as district police chief in the near future since police brass has failed to find experienced officers for the two posts.This has forced the government to rely on a DIG level officer. Sikeira's chances are also bright because the government is keen on giving him a good posting in Lucknow after he could not be posted in the CM's secretariat following opposition by a secretary level officer close to Mulayam Singh Yadav and also posted in CM's secretariat.But the new DIG may not take charge till local bodies' elections are held.So, Ashutosh Pandey is likely to continue as DIG Lucknow for at least two more months. Pandey, sources said, will likely be made IG Meerut zone after the local bodies' elections.He will replace 1986-batch IG Jawahar Lal Tripathi. DPC for the 1986 batch is also expected to be held soon, thus paving the way for the present IG Zone Meerut to be elevated to ADG.Sources said top officials have also decided on a fresh posting for Tripathi as ADG and he might be made ADG (personnel).At present the charge of this department is with ADG law and order Jagmohan Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13182898", "title": "Tears and chants mark Nepal crash victims\u2019 last rites", "text": "MUMBAI: It was their abiding faith in Lord Krishna that led a planeload of pilgrims from Mumbai to the Muktinath shrine in Nepal. This very belief saw their families through the trying moments as they performed the last rites of the Nepal air crash victims on Wednesday.The remains of all eight victims were repatriated to the city in the afternoon. While five victims were cremated on Wednesday, three funerals were scheduled for Thursday.Heartrending scenes were seen at the Chandanwadi crematorium near Marine Lines, where the bodies of businessman Kamal Arora (Kunj Bihari Prabhu to Iskcon members), his wife Menaka (also called Madhupriya Mataji) and their son Shiv were consigned to the flames. \"They had planned a vacation in Bangkok after their pilgrimage in Nepal, but that was not to be,\" rued Ashish Vijh, a relative.The couple is survived by two daughters, Vidhi (29) and Prerna (25). Stoic at first, the sisters broke down inconsolably as the pyres were lit. Their cousin Shivam Mehra, about the same age as Shiv, was shattered. The inseparable brothers were jocularly called \"husband and wife\" by close relatives.In Khar, mourners lamenting the loss of child artiste Taruni Sachdev and her mother Geeta clamoured for a last glimpse. The bereaved father Haresh was at pains to explain that the bodies were mangled, and that is not how he wished people to remember his family.In a spontaneous move, Haresh picked up Wednesday's copy of TOI that had a smiling picture of the mother and daughter and placed it upon their caskets. \"This is how I want you to recall them,\" he said.When families in her colony talk about Taruni, it's not the \"Rasna girl\" but the girl-next-door they remember. Taruni's 13-year-old friend Sona said: \"We cycled together each day. Nothing will be the same any more\".Tanishka Pillai of Avabai Petit School was almost a \"conjoined twin\" of Taruni given that they spoke for hours in school and later from home. \"My daughter cut short her Kerala vacation as soon as she learnt that her best friend was no more,\" said Tanishka's mother.The caskets of Taruni and her mother were taken to the Shastri Nagar crematorium in Santa Cruz.Actor Amitabh Bachchan sent a letter of condolence addressed to the girl's father.Meanwhile, at Bandra Reclamation, the parents of 33-year-old Mukesh Handa and his 27-year-old brother Rakesh would conduct their last rites at 8am on Thursday. \"The siblings were active members of Iskcon. Meanwhile, two devotees, Swami Radhakund Das and Gaur Gopal Das, have accompanied the body of our priest Krishna Chaitanya Das to his native place in Hyderabad. His last rites will be held there,\" said temple spokesperson Parijata Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13177373", "title": "US puts curbs on Dawood aides Memon and Shakeel", "text": "WASHINGTON: Criminal mastermind turned terrorist Dawood Ibrahim's lieutenants Chhota Shakeel and Tiger Memon may have faded from the Indian mind to become the dons of underworld lore. But Uncle Sam has not forgotten them.In a move that indicates Washington's unrelenting resolve to impede their operations while New Delhi dawdles over bringing them to justice, the US Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control on Tuesday named Shakeel and Memon 'specially designated narcotics traffickers' under the Kingpin Act \"for their roles as part of a criminal organization run by Dawood Ibrahim, known as 'D Company'.\"Their mentor Ibrahim had already been named 'significant foreign narcotics trafficker' in 2006, in addition to being cited as a 'specially designated global terrorist' in October 2003. All three are believed to have been mostly sheltered in Pakistan, the usual refuge of the region's terrorists and fugitives.While Tuesday's action was largely the culmination of a bureaucratic process, the designations serve to prohibit US nationals from conducting financial or commercial transactions with Shakeel and Memon. Under the Kingpin Act, any assets they may have under US jurisdiction are frozen.India welcomed the decision, saying narco terrorism was a threat not just to India but the entire world. \"Any designation of this sort indicates there is an interest well beyond India to bring these people to justice,\" said foreign office spokesman Syed Akbaruddin. \"We would also urge that those countries which may harbour any of them to bring to them to justice,\" he said, without naming Pakistan.The Treasury Department notification described Chhota Shakeel as Dawood's lieutenant who coordinates for D Company with other organized crime and terror groups. Ibrahim 'Tiger' Memon, it said, controls the organization's businesses across the subcontinent and is wanted by Indian authorities for his involvement in the 1993 Mumbai bombings. Interpol has issued provisional arrest warrants or \"red notices\" for both Shakeel and Memon. The Treasury also said drug trafficking activities of the D Company include smuggling of heroin and hashish from Afghanistan and Thailand to the US, Western Europe, the Middle East, Latin America and Africa.The Treasury notification said it continued to target financial networks of significant foreign narcotics traffickers and their organizations worldwide. While it is unlikely that Ibrahim and his cohorts will ever be nailed in US, the action serves to warn those who conduct business with them.The Treasury has designated more than 1,100 individuals and entities linked to drug kingpins since June 2000. Penalties for violations of the Kingpin Act range from civil penalties of up to $1.075 million per violation to more severe criminal penalties, including 30 years in prison and fines up to $5 million. Criminal fines for corporations may reach $10 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13178658", "title": "Police team leaves for Allahabad for clues into Munnabhai racket", "text": "KANPUR: A team of Kanpur police has been dispatched to Allahabad to find out whether an organised gang is behind the impostor who had been arrested from the Christ Church College during the MEd entrance exam on Tuesday.On Tuesday, Manoj Tiwari, a 'Munnabhai' and a native of Allahabad, had come to the Christ Church College to take the MEd entrance exam in place of one Guddu Singh. However, he was arrested when his credentials did not match with the actual candiadate. Manoj was nabbed by invigilator Dharam Singh. He was then handed over to the police and taken to Kotwali police station.During questioning, Manoj Tiwari admitted that he had struck a deal with Guddu Singh for appearing in the entrance exam in his place. Manoj revealed that he was to be given Rs 15,000 for the 'work'.This is not the lone case of arrest of a Munnabhai during an entrance exam.On April 23, when the Joint Entrance Exam for BEd 2012 was held, a 'Munnabhai' was nabbed from the SN Sen College. The police had arrested Sunil Kumar Singh, the 'impostor, a native of Mirzapur. He had come to write the BEd entrance exam in place of one Arvind Singh. It was when the admit cards of examinees were being checked during the first shift of exam, Sunil Kumar Singh was nabbed by the room invigilators and the flying squad. The invigilators informed the police about the incident who arrested Singh and brought him to Pheelkhana police station for an interrogation.During questioning, Sunil Kumar Singh admitted that he had struck a deal with Arvind Singh of Chitrakoot for appearing in the entrance exam in his place. Sunil Kumar Singh had taken Rs 5,000 in advance from Arvind Singh, the BEd aspirant, and the deal was struck in Rs 20,000. The remaining amount was to be given to Sunil after the exam.In another case of arrest of a 'Munnabhai', the sleuths of Special Task Force (STF) had nabbed four students of Harcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI) taking the All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) at an examination centre in Agra. Those students were solvers and were caught writing exam in place of other AIEEE aspirants. The incident had taken place on April 29.The proctorial board of the institute, which had been given the responsibility of conducting the inquiry into the matter, had found the students guilty. The authorities of Harcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI) had later suspended the four students from the institute. The institute administration had also debarred the students from appearing in the semester exams scheduled in the ongoing month.However, the mastermind of the game is still out of the reach of the police. It was learnt from the students after investigation that Brijesh, a passout from HBTI, was the mastermind. The police are now trying to trace Brijesh, but he is at large.On May 2, the Madhya Pradesh police had conducted raids at a prominent medical entrance preparation coaching institute and boy's hostel in Kakadeo and Geeta Nagar localities in connection with the arrest of kingpin of a Munnabhai racket, who is said to have lured three CPMT aspirants of solving the AIEEE paper held on April 29. The kingpin of the racket has been absconding. The three CPMT aspirants have been staying in the city and were preparing for the coveted exam.These four examples are enough to give an insight into how the industrial city which is known for having various engineering and management colleges and is also recognised as the coaching hub in the country has become a place where the imposters thrive. The kingpins of these gangs trap brilliant students on the pretext of paying them handsome amount. These students appear in place of the other students and often get arrested, thus jeopardizing their careers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13185699", "title": "Drunk driving: 1,000 licences suspended in last five months", "text": "KOCHI: With the Motor Vehicles Department (MVD) intensifying its drive against drink-driving, the licences of around thousand people were suspended in the last four and-a-half months.And the number is expected to go up by 200 by the end of this month, with the department awaiting clarifications from more people caught during checking.The driving licences of these offenders will be suspended for six months to one year.\"What is interesting is that the main chunk of the offenders is people with some stature in the society. Though we have suspended their licences, we don't want to disclose their identity,\" said T J Thomas, RTO, Ernakulam.In April, 168 driving licences were suspended under the Ernakulam RT Office limit alone.There will be no let up in MVD's drive against traffic rule violations like drink-driving, using mobile phones while driving, and speeding,\" the RTO said.\"Recently the transport minister convened a meeting, which was attended by top officials including the transport commissioner. One of the major decisions taken was to use the intelligent transport system (ITS) for booking offenders rather than stopping them while driving,\" Thomas said.\"We will start depending more on surveillance cameras and laser guns,\" he said. \"As the surveillance cameras generate photos of the vehicle and the driver, there will be no need to seek proof for the offence,\" Thomas said.There are also plans to make the NH-47 Mannuthy-Cherthala stretch a safe corridor by bringing down the number of accidents. \"We have installed surveillance cameras along the stretch. The GPS and GPRS systems will also be used,\" Thomas said.\"After we intensified the drive against traffic rule violations, the number of offences has come down significantly. Many of those who drink regularly have started to hire vehicles rather than drive on their own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13191384", "title": "Jayalalithaa admits to failure on power front but blames DMK", "text": "CHENNAI: As gala celebrations across the state marked one year of the AIADMK rule, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday admitted that her government had failed to resolve the acute power situation, though it is credited with major achievements.Winding up the marathon budget session, the chief minister said earnest efforts were on to tackle the power shortage soon. \"My government could not resolve the power crisis so far, though we are credited with major accomplishments. The government is vigorously taking initiatives to resolve the power crisis and the state will tide over the power crisis soon,\" she said, urging political parties in the state to support her endeavour in developing the state and ensuring people secured their rights.Jayalalithaa criticized the DMK for mismanagement of government agencies during its tenure. \"My government has overcome the challenges left behind by the DMK regime due its gross mismanagement of administration, especially the state's finances, the power situation and various other sectors. We also had to endure the indifference of the UPA government at the Centre. We have converted the impediments into stepping stones and turned the path of thorns into flowers in a year,\" she said.The state's Vision 2023 document, she said, is a strategic plan for infrastructure development to catapult Tamil Nadu to become a frontrunner in all sectors. \"Rapid economic development requires adequate infrastructure. The best infrastructure facilities will alone bring in investors to start enterprises in the state. And keeping this in mind, the state government is doing its best to provide infrastructure,\" Jayalalithaa said.Earlier, DMDK whip S Chandrakumar criticized the government for not rolling back the steep increase in bus fares, milk prices and power tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13192228", "title": "4 in custody after fight over loan", "text": "MYSORE: Tension prevailed near Fine Arts College on Bogadi Road here after four youths clashed over loan repayment on Wednesday.Two youths - Suresh and Ravikumar of Bogadi -- were injured after being hit with stones by their relatives Kantha and Ammi of Paduvarahalli. Saraswathipuram police have booked them for assault and criminal intimidation.Police said Kantha had summoned Suresh and Ravikumar to the spot on the pretext of returning a loan. However, he backtracked and said that he had no plans to return the money, after which the argument turned violent. Kantha, 32, an autorickshaw driver, and his friend, took boulders and attacked Suresh and Ravikumar. Police took the four into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13229814", "title": "Can Gabbar Singh beat Magadheera?", "text": "Pawan Kalyan starrer Gabbar Singh is continuing on it's stupendous run at the BO crossing the Rs 35 crore mark in collection in the first five days itself. It is a new record for Telugu cinema and insiders are confident that the movie is going to go down as one of the biggest, if not the biggest grosser ever in Telugu cinema. Ram Charan starrer Magadheera holds the record for the highest collections among the heroes of the mega family - Chiranjeevi, Ram Charan, Allu Arjun and Pawan Kalyan. The movie is running to full houses and the big question on everyone's mind is that can Gabbar Singh go on to beat the record of Magadheera. If the movie continues on its dream run for a week longer, with summer holidays on, the chances are it will do it easily. Time will tell, but one thing is for sure, not many will be betting against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13179035", "title": "Govt to import even as domestic jute bags rot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the government races against time to procure enough jute bags to store grains in the face of record procurement, gunnysack traders are saddled with massive unsold stocks. A look at the godowns of some traders in Delhi alone shows there is no shortage of jute bags in the country.While the government has placed an order for four lakh jute bags to be imported from Bangladesh and asked jute mills in West Bengal to increase production, traders in Delhi are staring at losses with stocks running into 20 lakh bags lying unsold. The government has to meet the demand before May-end when procurement is scheduled to officially stop owing to onset of monsoons.Traders blame the government for creating a double crisis in which they claim both the states and the traders are going to suffer. Due to increased procurement of food grains by both Food Corporation of India (FCI) and various state governments, the demand for jute bags in the open market has plummeted leading to unsold stocks.\"We were not prepared for such a situation. We had ordered jute bags according to annual requirements of the market. But government increased direct procurement from farmers manifold at high minimum support price leading to private players like MNCs shying away from buying wheat. This has led to demand for jute bags going down by 20%. We are stranded now,\" said Rohini-based jute bags trader Dharamvir Agarwal, who alone has a stock of about 10 lakh bags lying in his godown.\"I have two more consignments ordered from Bangladesh, but I have stopped payment as there is no demand,\" added Agarwal who also buys from jute mills in West Bengal.The situation has been skewed because of a bumper harvest and increased procurement. This year, total food grain production is estimated at 253 million tonnes (mt) compared to 232.1 mt last year. Earlier, FCI and states procured only 25-30% food grains from farmers with private players filling in for the rest. The same figure is now over 50%.Adding to the problem of traders is the government policy of procuring directly from jute mills or importing from Bangladesh to minimize cost. Now, traders want that government should give them a chance and they will match the prices of jute mills.Chairman of Dilli Bardana Vyapari Association, Motilal Agarwal said, \"At least at times of crises, the government can procure from us. We have close to 20 lakh bags at the moment. It will not only help the situation but also help us. If the government makes a policy and starts open tenders, we can deliver desired jute products at competitive prices.\"Traders also allege that the shortage of jute bags is artificial and created by plastic lobby which wants the government to make an exception to its 100% jute bag policy in grain procurement and use plastic bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13187861", "title": "Have a sweet tooth? It may make you stupid", "text": "WASHINGTON: Love to have those sponge cakes and soft drinks in your daily diet? Beware, they may impair your thinking and learning capacity, scientists say.In experiments on mice, researchers at the University of California in Los Angeles found that eating high-fructose diets - such as cakes, cookies, jams, jellies, crackers and carbonated soft drinks - for as little as six weeks can make one stupid.But, a diet high in omega-3 fatty acids can counteract this IQ loss, the researchers suggested. \"Our findings illustrate that what you eat affects how you think,\" study researcher Fernando Gomez-Pinilla said. \"Eating a high-fructose diet over the long term alters your brain's ability to learn and remember information. But adding omega-3 fatty acids to your meals can help minimise the damage,\" Gomez-Pinilla was quoted as saying by LiveScience.The study, published in Journal of Physiology, was done on rats, but the researchers believe their brain chemistry is similar enough to humans to extend the findings. For the study, the researchers zeroed in on high-fructose corn syrup, an inexpensive liquid six times sweeter than canesugar , that is commonly added to processed foods, including soft drinks, condiments, applesauce and baby food.Before starting the experiment , the rats were taught to navigate their way through a maze using visual landmarks to remember the way. Then the rats were divided into two groups, both consumed a fructose solution as their water, but one half of them also received omega-3 fatty acids, which are thought to protect against damage to the synapses - the chemical connections between brain cells that enable memory and learning.After six weeks of their new diet, the researchers tested the rats' recall of the maze route. \"The second group of rats navigated the maze much faster than the rats that did not receive omega-3 fatty acids,\" Gomez-Pinilla said. \"Their brains showed a decline in synaptic activity. Their brain cells had trouble signalling each other, disrupting the rats' ability to think clearly and recall the route they had learned six weeks earlier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13191332", "title": "Village cricket to start today", "text": "MANGALORE: Halli cricket is back. The second edition of Sri Bhoothanatheshwara halli cricket tournament will get underway at Badaga Yedapadavu, Mijar near here On Thursday. The tourney is held under the auspices of Sri Bhoothanatheshwara Temple and Sri Bhoothanatheshwara Bhajana Mandali.The tournament will have rubber ball underarm games of six overs. Already 50 teams have registered for the tournament and a maximum of 100 entries will be accepted.Vijaynath Vittal Shetty, chief coordinator of the event stated that Hindi film actor Sohail Khan would attend the inauguration ceremony on Thursday at 11am. The tournament will be played on the ground adjacent to the temple at Badaga Yedapadav and three cricket pitches have been developed for the tournament. Former Indian cricketer GR Vishwanath will be the chief guest at the valedictory function on May 20 and will give away prizes to the winners.The tournament carries a total prize money of over Rs 6 lakh. The winner will take home the Sri Bhoothanatheshwara Trophy and a cash award of Rs 3 lakh. The losing finalists will get a trophy and Rs. 1.5 lakh in cash. The second and third runners-up will get a cash prize of Rs 25,000 and Rs. 10,000 respectively. There will also be cash awards of Rs 10,000 for the best all rounder, best batsman and best bowler.All teams will have to maintain the strict dress code of traditional kachche and turban. A special cash prize of Rs 15,000 will be given to the best dressed team.The main objective of organizing the village cricket tournament is to give exposure to traditional way of playing cricket to the Gen Next and to promote social discipline and harmony among the villagers. Last year over 1,500 village cricketers took part in the maiden edition of the halli cricket tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13189509", "title": "Downpour in Bangalore exposes chinks in crisis management", "text": "BANGALORE: The nightmare the city endured during Tuesday's downpour spilled over to the next day too. Left to fend for themselves as swirling rain water unleashed havoc across the city, Bangaloreans had chilling stories of how civic agencies abandoned them to untold misery.Over 60 trees were uprooted in South Bangalore alone, throwing normal life out of gear. The nightmare took on terrifying dimensions once the rain stopped -- large swathes of the city were plunged into darkness, live power transmission wires dangled menacingly across roads and sewage water overflowed onto the roads.But no help was forthcoming as most helplines were just not reachable when they were needed most. TOI was flooded with calls from Bangaloreans late into Tuesday night on how they could not get through to civic agencies' helplines.\"Basavanagudi, Hanumanthanagar and Mohammedan Block had no electricity after 5pm. Bescom has failed us completely, not just in supplying power, but its control room too is just not accessible. It is 10.30pm now and I have still not been able to contact our area engineer,\" said Masood Hussain, a resident of Basavanagudi.Bank employee G Vishwanath from Ulsoor told TOI: \"We are not bothered whether the mayor or his deputy sits in the BBMP control room. What's the use if no control room numbers are accessible? We could not even reach our corporator.\"Touch of the ludicrousEven as thousands of beleaguered Bangaloreans tried desperately to call the control room, some people called in with silly requests. A person identifying himself as Manju, probably drunk, kept calling the BBMP helpline demanding a birth certificate for his wife. \"He claimed he married an orphan girl a week earlier. His parents wanted him to produce his wife's birth certificate or go in for a separation. Manju kept calling to ask where he could get a birth certificate,\" a BBMP control room official told TOI.BBMP received 186 calls on Tuesday night and only 36 complaints were related to its operations and the rest were for BWSSB and Bescom. \"We referred other complaints to the respective agencies. All our 16 Prahari teams were busy and we kept getting complaints. It wasn't possible at night to clear the huge trees which had fallen on the roads of Jayanagar, Guttahalli and Banashankari. On Wednesday morning, we took up complaints we couldn't attend to last night,\" a senior BBMP control room official said.BWSSB's five lines for 6.25 lakh consumers received 80 calls and 66 of them were registered. These pertained to overflowing sewage water and waterlogging from low-lying areas like Jagjeevanramnagar, Kamakshipalya, Nagarbavi, Hegganahalli and Shivajinagar.Complaints about overflowing sanitary lines poured in from JP Nagar 1st Phase, Padmanabhanagar, Katriguppe, OMBR Layout, Rajajinagar, Mahalakshmi Layout, New Thippasandra, Magadi Road and Malathahalli, among other places.Bescom received over 2,000 calls in just 90 minutes on Tuesday evening. \"About 95% of the calls were attended to by 11.30pm. Most complaints were about power supply disruption as uprooted trees had fallen on wires, damaged transformers and poles,\" said a Bescom official.At 12.15am, a live wire was found hanging on 5{+t}{+h} Main of Kempegowda Nagar off Bull Temple Road. \"We've been trying to reach the Bescom helpline but without any luck. Even the local engineer is inaccessible,\" said homemaker Rama Sudhakar. When TOI contacted Bescom about this, officials said a patrol van would immediately disconnect power supply in the area.BescomspeakWe regret the inconvenience caused to citizens, but we're trying to solve the helpline congestion with BSNL. We were hoping to add 25 more lines, but technically it's impossible. From June 1, we'll launch a number (with 10 lines) through which people can register their complaints by sending an SMS.P Manivannan | MD, BescomCrisis team in placeAB Hemachandra, joint commissioner, BBMP (south) said a crisis management team will work with Bescom officials to tackle problems posed by shallow-rooted trees and dried and fallen ones. The team will consist of forest officials, revenue officials (to assess the damage), storm water drain engineers and gangmen from local ward offices. The team will be equipped carry equipment to clean garbage drains and clear debris.Call these helplinesBBMP: 22221188, 22225657, 22975595, 22224748, 22660000BBMP (ZONES)South: 26566362East: 22975803West: 23561692Dasarahalli: 28393688, 22975904Yelahanka: 22975936Bommanahalli: 25732447, 25735642Mahadevapura: 28512300/ 01Rajarajeswarinagar: 28601851, 28600954Bescom: 22873333, 9986873333BWSSB: 22238888, 22233333Mayor tours affected areasMayor D Venkatesh Murthy on Wednesday inspected areas ravaged by Tuesday's downpour and said a survey would identify vulnerable points in all wards. \"We intend to do a wardwise survey to identify old and dry trees more than 50 to 60 years and remove them. Everytime we cut an old tree, we'll plant two new saplings in that area,\" he said.Murthy spoke to families whose houses had been damaged by falling trees in Banashankari 2nd Stage, Padmanabhanagar and DVG Road. Satyanarayan Gupta, a resident of Banashankari 2nd Stage, complained to the mayor about intermittent power supply in his locality on Tuesday.Rounding off their inspection tour, the mayor and his followers visited a well-known food joint on JC Road. Four-wheelers ferrying mediapersons and the mayor's team parked on a large section of the busy road, causing a traffic jam.(With inputs by Sukhaja Satishchandra)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13181009", "title": "Gujarat government assures help to kin of Gujaratis stranded in Angola", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has contacted with the family members of nearly 40 Gujaratis who have been stuck in Angola over the past few days. The government has assured them a speedy resolution. Two days ago, the Gujarat government had raised the issue of stranded Gujarati labourers with the Prime Minister's office. The contact was effected even as the minister for overseas affairs, Vyalar Ravi, told medipersons that a majority of the 1,200 Indians in Angola - because of a clash at a cement factory in Sumbe - had refused to return.According to state government sources, most of the 40 Gujaratis hired by the cement factory belong to Billimora and surrounding areas of south Gujarat. The state government is yet to secure the complete details about the visa status of the workers. The workers were promised a salary of Rs 32,000 per month and overtime wages paid in US dollars.The trouble erupted on May 9 when the company started paying workers overtime wages in Kwanja, which is the Angolan currency. The dispute boiled over into a major conflict between the management and workers.Some of these workers resorted to violence, it is alleged. A total of 59 Indian workers were rounded up by the local police and produced in a court, where a fine of $40,000 was imposed on 22 of them. The Gujarat government, on its part, requested the center to intervene speedily. A delegation of the state Congress leaders had met Ravi and also explained to the external affairs ministry the situation of the families which are awaiting the return of the stranded Gujaratis. The Indian embassy in Angola has said that the workers who want to return would be issued with necessary documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13197399", "title": "Special screening of Arjun: The Warrior Prince for the villagers of Kurukshetra", "text": "Producers of the animated film will hold a special show at Kurukshetra where the epic Mahabharat unfoldedWalt Disney Pictures and UTV Motion Pictures produced animated film Arjun: The Warrior Prince depicts the heroic journey of Arjun, the legendary archer of the epic Mahabharat. Arjun had to fight a tough inner battle before he could single-handedly take on an entire army in the battle for truth and justice.The film's producers have decided to take their journey into Indian mythology and culture a step further. It is learnt they will hold a special screening of Arjun: The Warrior Prince for the villagers of Kurukshetra, which is the very same place where the great battle between the Kauravas and Pandavas was fought in the Mahabharat.Informed a source, \"It was an idea that found favour with everyone. The film releases on May 25 and it will be screened around the same time in Kurukshetra. All the villagers will get to see Arjun's heroics on screen. The location is being finalised.\"Shikha Kapur, Executive Director Marketing, Studios, Disney UTV confirmed the news and said, \"We are working on screening the film for residents in and around Kurukshetra. We are yet to finalise the date as it involves a lot of logistic planning.\"Meanwhile, Arjun: The Warrior Prince , which is directed by Arnab Chaudhari, will follow the prince's life from Hastinapur to the Himalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-17"}
