{"city": "london", "code": "14070375", "title": "Gandhi Foundation awards Sen", "text": "LONDON: Two Indian human rights activists \u2014 Binayak Sen and Bulu Imam \u2014 will be honoured with the International Peace Award given by the Gandhi Foundation at the House of Lords.The award was created in 1998 by Surur Hoda and Diana Schumacher with the support of the foundation's president, Lord Attenborough . The intention is to honour individuals and groups who have advocated and practised Gandhian non-violence but who have received little recognition for doing so.Sen has reportedly been handed his passport by a Chhattisgarh court to enable him to travel to London.Jharkhand-based human rights activist Bulu Imam is the convenor of the Hazaribagh chapter of INTACH since 1987, and has been involved in various campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14077136", "title": "B Barooah College offers wide range of subjects", "text": "GUWAHATI: With city colleges offering bachelors' degree majors in both traditional and professional subjects, students have plenty of options to choose from. City-based B Barooah College, for instance, offers BA and BSc degrees in a gamut of subjects like English, education, history, philosophy, political science, Sanskrit, Hindi, statistics, geography, botany, zoology etc.S N Barman, principal, B Barooah College, said, \"The selling of forms for BA and BSc started from June 1. The submission dates vary from semester to semester. The form submission date for BSc and BA first semester (day and afternoon shift) is June 12, and for BBA and BSc(IT) it is June 15.\"Students opting for major courses have to apply to specific departments after admission. The student intake for different major courses varies department-wise.\"Say, for example, in mathematics, the intake capacity is 70, while in physics, it's 25. The student intake is higher in subjects like political science (50 students), English (50) and economics (60) that don't have practical papers. In fact, in such subjects, the total number of seats may be increased by one or two if required,\" Barman said.Demand for professional courses have increased over the years and, accordingly, BBA and BSc(IT) were introduced in the degree courses two years ago.A professor at the college said, \"The new courses have become quite popular as many students these days want to go in for professional courses too. So, almost every college is introducing professional courses besides traditional ones.\"Asma Ali, who passed her higher secondary this year, was seen buying a form for the science stream at the college. Though she earlier wanted to take up statistics as her major subject, when she found out the college offers a course in BSc(IT), she thought it might be make more sense than studying a traditional subject.\"When I read the prospectus and found that BSc (IT) is also offered at the degree level, I thought it would be a good course to opt for. Let's see what happens as we have to apply department-wise later on for the major,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14077954", "title": "Child labourers form human chain to protest trafficking", "text": "RANCHI: Hundreds of rescued child labourers protested against the inhuman practice in a unique way by forming a human chain on the occasion of International Child Labour Day here on Tuesday.Around 3,000 children from all over the state congregated at Albert Ekka Chowk to make people aware of their plight and inhuman treatment meted out to them. These children had at one point of time were victims of trafficking and worked as child labourers. The programme was organized by Bachpan Bacghao Andolan, an NGO.The children also shouted slogans on the occasion and appealed for putting an end to the practice of employment of children in houses, hotels , dhabas, garages and other such places. Instead, these children should be given the opportunity to study and become the part of the mainstream society, the protesters said.\"I didn't have any option but to work as my parents died when I was quite young. Child labour is such a practice which robs the beautiful phase of life from such children who should spend time in studies and lead a happy life like other normal children. Hence I am here to support the cause,\" Raju, a child labourer, said.Sahil, another rescued child labourer, who participated in the human chain to support the cause said: \"Seeing school-going children an urge develops in me to study but my parents are financially not well off and so I also work and contribute to make our ends meet.\"Bachpan Bachao Andolan state secretary Sanjay Kumar Mishra said, \"With the help of 'Save the Children' and Bhartiya Kisan Sangh, five villages from Chanho area have been selected as child-friendly village for which the formal announcement will be made soon by the labour registration and training department.\"He said there are around four lakh children in Jharkhand who are not able to study out of which two lakh girls in the 14-18 age group are compelled to work in different cities. \"So we appeal to the government to rescue and educate them or provide training for self employment,\" Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073280", "title": "June 30 deadline for desilting of drains", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has set June 30 as the deadline for completing the desilting of drains along PWD roads and 745 km of MCD roads which were taken over by the state earlier this year.During a review of the preparedness for monsoons on Tuesday PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan said, \"All desilting work will be videographed. This will prevent corruption and ensure that desilting happens properly.\"Chauhan pointed that tenders have been allotted to contractors for desilting of all storm water drains on the all roads under the purview of the state.\"In 75% cases desilting has started. The department has been asked that desilting and patchwork of roads is completed before the monsoons,\" the minister added.Over the last few years waterlogging in underpasses has resulted in traffic snarls. To prevent the same this year, Chauhan has asked for installation of pumps and to check the working of pumps at areas prone to waterlogging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14072897", "title": "Central Public Works Department fraud: Man not on list got project", "text": "NEW DELHI: Contracts of the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) are under the scanner following detection of a case of fraud. Police say parties not enlisted with CPWD have been bagging the department's contracts over the years. A case of fraud has already been registered against a contractor in this connection and a probe is on to establish involvement of others, sources said.The alleged bogus contractor posed as a CPWD ex-engineer and managed to get the department's contracts for 20 years. RTI questions to many departments revealed that the contractor, who has various hospital and other government projects, used fake sales tax, TIN and other documents.Sources said the case was first being handled by the economic offences wing of Delhi Police's crime branch but now the central Delhi police has taken over the probe. The complainant has stated CPWD (vigilance) had verified the facts and found that the person concerned was involved in a fraud. The FIR states he had won government contracts in GTB and LNJP hospitals. TOI has the name of the accused but is withholding it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14083678", "title": "Himachal police arrest eight Chinese nationals", "text": "SHIMLA: Suspecting them to be spies, Himachal Pradesh police on Tuesday evening arrested eight Chinese nationals from Chauntra area of Mandi district. From their possession, large quantity of foreign currency and some sensitive documents were seized.Arrest of these suspected Chinese spies have come a few days after Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama expressed threat to his life from China. Based on secret information, police team from Mandi raided a house in Tibetan colony where Chinese nationals were residing.According to sources, during the raid, cops have recovered four lockers stashed with cash, ATM cards of foreign banks and around a dozen mobile SIM cards. Chanutra area is located close to Mcleodganj. This is for the first time when Chinese nationals on such number have been arrested.Confirming the development, Himachal Pradesh additional director general of police S R Mardi told TOI that eight Chinese nationals have been arrested from Chauntra town of Mandi. He said all of them have come to India on tourist visa but were working as mason and carpenter in complete violation of visa norms.Mardi said from their possession, Rs 30 lakh Indian currency, USD 3000, Nepali currency and some ATM cards have been recovered. \"We have also seized SIM cards of India and foreign currency which is being checked further,\" he added.He said that for how long they have been residing at Chauntra is being verified as arrival date of all Chinese nationals are different. Mardi, however, refused to link the arrest with threat to Dalai Lama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14070288", "title": "Court sends Mohol, Bhalerao to police custody till June 25", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Tuesday sent gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao to police custody till June 25 for strangling alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui at the high security cell of Yerawada Central Jail on June 8.Both were arrested by the Yerawada police on Monday after seeking permission from the special court where they are facing cases under Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime, 1999.Senior police inspector Kishore Jadhav, in-charge of the Yerawada police station, produced the duo before judicial magistrate first class S S Patil amidst tight security at 1.15 pm. He filed a plea seeking 14 days' police custody.Assistant public prosecutor Madhav Pol told the court that custodial interrogation of the accused was required to determine the motive behind Siddiqui's murder. Investigations showed that Mohol and Bhalerao had been interacting with Siddiqui ever since he was lodged in the anda cell of the Yerawada jail on May 28, but what led to his murder is not known, he added.Pol said the drawstring used to strangle Siddiqui was yet to be seized. He sought time to verify if the accused had received supari (blood money) for executing the murder and whether other inmates in the anda cell were involved in the crime. He sought sufficient time for investigators to find out whether the accused had links with any gangs, to verify if they were instigated to commit the murder and to identify people who met Mohol and Bhalerao at the district and sessions court during their hearing in other cases and in jail.Defence lawyers N D Pawar and Rohit Takawane submitted that the murder took place on June 8 at 9.45 am, but witnesses named in the complaint informed jail authorities about the incident after an inordinate delay, at 11 am. They alleged that the two witnesses were created as there was no reason for them to wait so long. Twelve of the anda cell's 18 barracks were occupied, the victim and the accused were lodged at separate cells and they were brought out for breakfast when the incident took place, they added.The lawyers argued that the police have recorded statements of several witnesses, but there are no eye witnesses. They sought magisterial custody for Mohol and Bhalerao. Both were also represented by lawyers Mahendra Shukla, Balasaheb Amle, Vikram Nevse and Sanjay Salunkhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14072048", "title": "Margao's wholesale fish market to get facelift", "text": "MARGAO: The wholesale fish market opposite KTC bus stand in Margao will soon get a facelift even as South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) chairman Rajan Naik will inspect the market next Tuesday to take stock of the situation.\"On the fish market issue, discussions are underway and we are seized of the matter. We will request the government for special grants for restructuring of the market,\" said Naik, while addressing mediapersons after the conclusion of a SGPDA board meeting that was held on Tuesday.Last week, petitioner Savio Dias threatened to file a contempt petition within 15 days if the cleanliness and hygienic conditions at SGPDA's wholesale and retail market complexes were not improved. In the first week of February, the high court of Bombay at Goa disposed of the petition filed against the SGPDA following its affidavit listing the measures taken to ensure cleanliness and maintenance of the two market complexes.Tuesday's board meeting was attended by Margao MLA Digambar Kamat, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, Margao municipal chairperson Arthur D'Silva, BJP leader Rupesh Mahatme and SGPDA member secretary Rajesh Naik.Chairman Naik stated that all revocation or stop work orders that were issued against private projects would be withdrawn only after the party concerned sorted out grievances against them. Fatorda MLA Sardesai revealed that acting on complaints from NGOs, the files of a few 'big' projects had been sent to the town and country planning board for review.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14076482", "title": "Builder\u2019s employee shot at in Kothrud", "text": "PUNE: An employee of a city-based developer was shot at point blank range at Gosavi Vasti in Kothrud on Tuesday morning.The victim, Vinayak Madhav Jade, 32, looks after the administrative work of a construction firm named Sagar Developers in Kothrud.The bullet pierced through Jade's stomach. The passersby rushed him to a nearby private hospital where Jade underwent a surgery. His condition is critical but stable. The attacker could not be identified and the reason behind the attack too is not known yet.Jade was on way to his office near the PMPML bus stand, off Karve Road, at Kothrud around 10.30 am when he was stopped by a motorcycle-borne man near Bindumadhav Thackeray hospital, said police inspector S B Navale. The man asked Jade to call his employer, S N Chaudhari, on his cell phone. As soon as Jade called up Chaudhari, the man shot him in the stomach and fled.S N Chaudhari, who is a partner in Sagar Developers , said that he first got a call from an unknown number when he was on way to Karjat. Jade spoke and told Chaudhari that someone had shot him. The phone then got disconnected. A few seconds later he got a call from Jade's number and Jade once again told him that he has been shot at. The phone got disconnected again. Chaudhari got one more call from Jade who told him that he was injured and was lying on the DP Road. The phone got disconnected.When Chaudhari called up Jade again, a woman picked up the phone and told Chaudhari that the person he wishes to talk to was severely injured and was being shifted to the Sassoon hospital. \"I told the woman to take Jade to the Deenanath Mangeshkar hospital. I rushed to the hospital and informed Jade's father.\"Chaudhari told the police that he had never received any threat calls from anybody. \"Jade has been looking after the administrative work in our office since 10 to 12 years. We never heard about Jade having any fight with anybody,\" said Chaudhari. Jade's father Madhav Jade said that Vinayak had gone to meet his wife who recently gave birth to a boy. Vinayak Jade has an elder daughter.The Jade family had shifted from Kothrud to Sinhagad Road two months back.An offence has been registered under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14084510", "title": "Srivas, Balakrishna\u2019s film starts in July?", "text": "'Natasimha' Nandamuri Balakrishna's new movie under the direction of Srivas might be launched in the month of July. Film nagar sources that Balayya was happy with the plotline of director Srivas and thje actor had reportedly agreed to do the film. Bellamkonda Suresh is likely to produce this film under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions banner.Earlier, Balayya was supposed to do a Bellamkonda's film titled \"Bheeshma\" to be directed by Ramesh Varma. However, the movie was shelved as the script did not excite the actor. Later, Bellamkonda again announced a film \"Hara Hara Mahadev\", for which B Gopal has to wield the megaphone. But the project was put on ice for unknown reasons.Freshly, Bellamkonda Suresh is again planning to a Balayya's film and let's hope the producer succeeds at least this time around. Srivas is almost done with the script and is now awaiting the final narration to Balayya. If all goes well, then the film might be launched in July. Sreevas earlier directed films like \"Lakshyam\" and \"Rama Rama Krishna Krishna\".Balakrishna srivas, Balakrishna director srivas, Balakrishna sreevas, Balakrishna sreevas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14073529", "title": "Businessman robbed in Rohini", "text": "Unidentified men abducted a businessman and robbed him of cash and his car on Saturday night in Sector 3 of Rohini. The victim, however, managed to escape from the abductors, police said.The victim Surendra Kumar lives in Prem Nagar area and has a business of artificial jewellery in Sadar Bazar.\"The accused drove around in outer district area evading all pickets while they robbed Kumar of Rs 17,000 cash and his mobile phone,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14074426", "title": "India will restore investor confidence, regain growth: S M Krishna", "text": "WASHINGTON: Seeking to abate skepticism over the current business environment in India, external affairs minister S M Krishna today claimed India will restore investor confidence and regain economic momentum.He took up the case of Indian businesses and raised their pressing issues yesterday while speaking on the eve of the crucial India-US Strategic Dialogue.\"For our businesses, too, there are pressing issues: Whether it is the worsening environment for mobility of professionals, the protectionist sentiments against the global supply chain in services industry, the refusal to even consider a social security agreement that affects the lives of 300,000 non-immigrant Indian professionals in the United States, the unresolved market access issues, or, the persisting presence of India in the Super 301 Priority Watch List and the US department of labour's list,\" Krishna said.Krishna's remarks came at the end of the day-long annual gala of the US India Business Council (USIBC) wherein American corporate leadership, think tanks expressed skepticism over the current business environment in India and lamented that economic reforms are not taking place.\"I also have great confidence in the future of India-US economic partnership. I know that this is a time when a degree of skepticism has entered into the sentiment of the business on both sides. I am aware of the concerns of the US businesses; USIBC has been forceful in articulating them!\" the External Affairs Minister said in his address to the annual USIBC event.\"It is, in part, natural, if not inevitable, that as our economic engagement grows; the range of issues that we face will also expand.\"But, it is also true, that as our inter-dependence deepens, it becomes even more important to address the issues with a sense of urgency and purpose,\" he said.\"The progress that we have made gives us the confidence to deal with the challenges in our relationship. Our trade in goods and services has reached a milestone by crossing 100 billion US dollars last year. India has been one of the fastest growing destinations for US exports,\" he said and acknowledged that the US remains a major source of investment in India.Indian companies, too, have established presence in at least 40 states in the US, with a significant part of their investments going into the manufacturing sector, and generating more than 80 per cent of their employment locally from the United States Krishna said.Responding to the criticism of the American businesses, Krishna tried to negate their skepticism.\"Questions have been raised about economic policy and commitment to implement reforms. Doubts have been expressed whether the story of Incredible India will remain credible!\" he said.\"These sentiments are not new. Over the past two decades of extraordinary change in the Indian economy, there have been periods when the growth seemed to lose its steam and the agenda of reform seemed to slow. \"But, time and again, our economy rebounded with new vigor, on the strength of strong fundamentals, and supported by sound policies and prudent economic management,\" Krishna said.\"In an era of global inter-dependence, not everything is within the powers of national governments. But we are confident that we will restore investor confidence and regain economic momentum and growth,\" Krishna said. Acknowledging that this is a time of vulnerability and uncertainty in the global economy and also a phase of challenges and opportunities for the two economies,Krishna said in India, there are evident concerns about economic parameters.Measures taken in response to an earlier phase of the global economic crisis, international turbulence and volatility, and policy challenges, have all contributed to the current situation.There are also complex and unresolved issues of equity, sustainability and opportunities and achieving the right balance between various sectors of the economy - these issues have been at the heart of political and policy debate in India, he noted.Krishna said their confidence stems not just from the strong fundamentals of their economy, but, also from the fact that virtually every political party in India has been at some point part of the reform process.\"We have to respond to the aspirations of an increasingly young, empowered and energised India that has experienced enormous change in a short span of time, and we will do so. But, we will also need a stable and supportive international environment, including an open and growing US market, and the flow of capital and technology,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071562", "title": "SmartCity, KSEB lock horns again", "text": "KOCHI: Trouble, it seems, has a way of catching up with SmartCity. And this time around it has come in the form of KSEB.The ambitious project, which is expecting the Union government's nod for a single SEZ status in a week's time, is caught in a controversy with KSEB, which is refusing to part with land offered earlier as compensation for erecting towers and pulling a transmission line through the project area.Though KSEB, which had offered around two acres of land owned by it near Kadambrayar to SmartCity, is citing approval from the director board to part with its land, experts said that redrawing of the project area to include the KSEB land would further delay SEZ status for the project as it would necessitate fresh notification.SmartCity authorities have already submitted the detailed sketch of the land handed over for the project to the SEZ Board of Approval. During the inaugural ceremony of the SmartCity pavilion last Saturday, chief minister Oommen Chandy had said that the Union government would soon give the project a single SEZ status within a week. But since the borders of the project has shifted after KSEB took over around two acres land from the original plan, the project would require a fresh SEZ notification after incorporating land offered in lieu by KSEB.While KSEB has started erecting towers in the project area, it is dragging its feet in handing over adjoining land for the IT project.On Tuesday, tension prevailed in the area after SmartCity officials tried to stop KSEB workers from resuming the construction of towers. Work had to be stopped after the police intervened in the row.Later in the evening, district collector P I Sheikh Pareeth convened a meeting of officials of KSEB and SmartCity to solve the issue.\"In fact, the SmartCity officials had given us a written consent to give land to KSEB from the project area. But KSEB has not done the same though they own land adjoining the project area. This provoked SmarCity authorities today,\" Pareeth said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071332", "title": "Work to shift electric poles from roads begins", "text": "NAGPUR: Better late than never, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) have started shifting electric poles which are posing a threat to citizens on 47 roads since they were widened in 2001.A senior NMC official told TOI that the work has commenced on seven of the roads. \"In the first stage, the work to lay new electric cable underground has been taken up. The distribution boxes will be installed in required numbers on the underground network. The connection to the consumers will be given from the distribution boxes. A pole will be installed adjacent to distribution boxes in some places where the overhead household connection is the only option. The new underground cable network and household connection will be charged. The new network and existing overhead network will be functional at a time for at least one month to ensure uninterrupted power supply to the citizens. After ensuring the new network is OK, the existing poles, network and transformers will be removed from the roads,\" he said.In 2001, the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) had widened 47 major roads of the city under Nagpur City Integrated Road Development Project (IRDP). The widening work was done without any proper plan. As a result, electric poles, transformers and related poles located on both sides of road were not removed before starting the work.After the completion of the work, the roads were opened for traffic without removing the poles. Adding to the problems, NMC too widened many roads in the city on the same lines leaving people to bear the brunt. Few citizens lost their lives and many sustained injuries after colliding against the poles.Hearing a public interest litigation, the High Court on November 21, 2005 passed orders directing NMC to remove the poles from the roads. The Court also directed MSRDC and Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to equally bear the cost of shifting work of electric poles and cables on IRDP roads.MSRDC accepted their responsibility but MSEDCL filed a special leave petition in Supreme Court in 2006. Later, MSEDCL also agreed to bear 50% of the cost.The NMC then prepared a proposal in association with the MSEDCL to remove the poles from IRDP and also other roads. NMC sanctioned funds of Rs 50 crore for the work and issued work orders to 15 agencies for shifting the poles from 27 roads. The plan for remaining 20 roads is ready and will come up for tendering process in the coming days.The highlight of the ongoing work is laying of cable underground with horizontal boring method which is being used for the first time in the NMC. The work started from Shraddhanand Peth Square to LAD Square to Ram Nagar square is a fine example.In the system, an entire stretch is not dug for laying the cable. Holes are dug in required places. First a pipe is laid and then the cable inserted into it. This will ensure removal of the cable in case of any problem in future without digging the road. The system will be utilized in many places.To ensure quality work, the officials from NMC and also MSEDCL are conducting joint testing of the cable and inspection of works. The new network will be started in stretches after completion. Works in all 47 roads may take long time due to the lengthy nature of work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071250", "title": "Three held, booty worth Rs 16L seized", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police arrested three property offenders and recovered a booty worth Rs 16 lakh on Tuesday.The Afzalgunj police arrested Magha Ram, 21, and Bhagawana Ram, 20, of Gowliguda Chaman. The duo broke into a godown of Aksh Enterprises at Kolsawadi on May 30 and stole Rs six lakh worth cosmetics and toiletries. Based on a complaint lodged by Aksh owner Kishore Jain, the Afzalgunj police booked a case and started investigation. Police realised that the burglars were known to the complainant as duplicate keys were used to open the godown lock.During the course of investigation, police verified antecedents of all the current and former employees of Jain and zeroed in on the duo as they were not in contact with other workers since the time the theft took place.Acting on a tip-off, police raided the house of the duo in Gowliguda Chaman on Monday night and recovered the stolen cosmetics.\"As their salaries were not sufficient to lead a lavish life, the duo hatched a plan to steal goods and sell it at a lower price. As per the plan, they prepared a duplicate key of the godown four months ago and quit the job,\" DCP, East Zone, Y Gangadhar said.In another incident, the Golconda police arrested a notorious chain snatcher Shaik Fayyaz Ahmed and recovered 37 tolas of gold worth Rs 10 lakh from his possession. During interrogation, police discovered that he had committed snatching offences in Humayun Nagar, Golconda, Banjara Hills, Punjagutta and SR Nagar. The arrested persons along with the seized property were produced in court. The culprits were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "14075285", "title": "Iran starts building N-submarine", "text": "DUBAI: Iran on Tuesday claimed it had begun work on designing the country's first nuclear-powered submarine, a technology possessed by a select group of nations.Senior Iranian naval commander, Rear Admiral Abbas Zamini, said the country was at an \"initial\" phase of manufacturing atomic submarines.The Admiral claimed that the country had made \"astonishing progress\" in developing and acquiring civilian nuclear technology for various powergeneration, agricultural and medical purposes, and said such advancements allow Iran to think of manufacturing nuclear-fueled submarines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074597", "title": "V N Singh accident case: Eyewitness account boosts prosecution case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The statement of the sole eyewitness in the over one-and-a-half year old V N Singh accident case was recorded in a local court here on Tuesday. Making the prosecution's case stronger, eyewitness Kamal Kumar, a resident of Baltana village near Zirakpur, identified the accused in court.Singh, former principal of Government College of Art, Sector 10, and nodal officer with Le Corbusier Centre here in Sector 19, had succumbed to his injuries in a government hospital on December 9, 2010. A car, driven rashly by Baljot Singh Gill, an NRI, had hit him near the Sector 7-8 dividing road on November 28, 2010. \"There is only one eyewitness, Kamal, in this case. He had got petrol filled in his bike from a fuel station in Sector 7 and was going towards Sukhna Lake when this incident happened. On Tuesday, he identified the accused, Gill, in court,\" Malkit Singh Jandiala, prosecution lawyer, told TOI.\"With Kamal's statement our case has become very strong. He told the court that a speeding car, driven in a negligent manner hit the victim's two-wheeler,\" stated Jandiala.The court had framed the charges against the accused in October 2011. It had framed the charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder against Gill and now this case is in the evidence stage in the court of additional chief judicial magistrate K K Goyal.The next date of hearing in this case is July 17.Singh, a resident of Sector 7, had slipped into coma after the accident. The accused had taken him to a hospital but had fled from there. He was arrested on December 1, 2010 but was later granted bail. However, the court has told him not to leave the country without informing it.Besides, the prosecution has also filed a separate petition in a different court, seeking Rs 5 crore compensation from the accused.Nischal Anand Singh, the victim's son told TOI, \"If we get this compensation amount then we will run scholarships for bright students, who come from poor families.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072746", "title": "Onion protest: 69 held over stir at Chhagan Bhujbal's house", "text": "NASHIK: The move by onion farmers led by leaders of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana ( SSS) to lay seige at guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal's farm house - on Tuesday, was pre-empted by the state as a posse of police personnel were posted outside the gates of the minister's residence, even as police arrested 69 agitating farmers who had marched to the farm house on Tuesday.Chhagan Bhujbal himself was away at Ahmednagar for a meeting.The agitating farmers shouted slogans, demanding government intervention and onion price protection over losses they had suffered due to adverse weather conditions. They threatened that if the state government failed to taken a decision at the cabinet meeting scheduled in Mantralaya on Wednesday, they would lay seige at Bhujbal Farm within 15 days, unannounced.A delegation of the SSS had met Bhujbal on May 30 and had presented him with a memorandum of demands, urging him to take an initiative over the issue. The delegation had also given an ultimatum of eight days to the guardina minister, and mentioned that farmers would demonstrate in front of his residence if a decision was not taken within the next eight days.According to this ultimatum, the mob of farmers led by the SSS state chief Dashrath Sawant and district head Govind Pagar, attempted demonstrations near the farm house, but were immediately arrested by Ambad police officials.Anticipating unrest during the demonstration the police commissionerate had deployed one DCP, 2 ACPs, 9 police inspectors, , 25 sub-inspectors, and 200 police personnel for a round-the-clock vigil at the location.\"The government is not serious about the issue of onion farmers. We had already urged the guardian minister to take an initiative over the matter of compensation but no efforts were made by him. The state government only conducts meetings, but has not made any specific move. We are planning to take out a huge morcha again, of around one lakh farmers, to the guardian minister residence within the next 15 days if the state government does not make a positive decision at the cabinet meeting on Wednesday,\" Govind Pagar said.Deepak Pagar, the north Maharashtra opresident of the SSS, said, \"Our major demand is to compensate the farmers for losses incurred during November 1, 2011 to May 31, 2012. The average wholesale rates of onion in agricultural produce market committees (APMCs) was around Rs 3.5 per kg during this period. But onion production costs were at Rs per kg. How could farmers manage their expenses if they were to sell their produce at such a low rate? We had therefore sought the government's assistance to introduce a market intervention scheme and give a minimum support price (MSP) for onions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14072715", "title": "Class 10 students petition collector against school", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three students from Good Shepherd High School in the city came to the collectorate on Tuesday and submitted a petition to the district collector. The students alleged that their headmaster did not allow them to write the class 10 public exam as he wanted to be assured that all students sitting for the exam would pass.K Sathishkumar said he was an average student and did not attend class in January due to ill-health. The head master C Maria Santhiyagu did not allow him to attend class in February and told him to attend school only from June.He stopped going to school, but approached the head master in March to discuss the public exam. The head master told him that the education department had not issued him his hall ticket.\"My mother Mallika and I went to the school and met the head master on Monday and pleaded with him to allow me to continue attending classes. But he refused and instead asked me to attend a tutorial center in the city. Meanwhile, a teacher informed me that my hall ticket and registration had been issued. When I received my registration number I verified it. I realized that the head master had lied to me,\" said Sathishkumar.As many as 85 students attended class 10 in the school. But 11 students did not appear for the exams. The head master had barred them from writing the exams as he wanted all students to pass. The district collector should take action against the headmaster and allow the 11 students to write the exam, he added.Maria Santhiyagu denied the allegations. He said that Sathishkumar had no interest in academics and missed classes often. He also did not show up in school when the photo was taken for the hall ticket. \"I had arranged for hall tickets for all the students. But the 11 students showed no interest in writing the exam and now they are blaming me. I have documented proof which I will provide if necessary,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070699", "title": "One lakh schools constructed before \u201908 to get toilets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has directed its focus on sanitation in schools, with an inter-ministerial panel deciding to construct toilets in one lakh schools that lack the facility.The schools to be targeted by sanitation drive were constructed before 2008. The toilet facility became a compulsory part of educational institutions over the last few years. A coordination committee, comprising ministries of rural development, HRD, panchayati raj, social justice, women and child development and health, has decided to pump in new funds to achieve the target.The focus on schools, aimed at providing hygienic environment to children, would also seek to construct toilets in one lakh anganwadi centres. Since these educational and childcare bodies fall under the ambit of states, the Centre plans to coordinate with local governments.Besides schools, the Centre has set an ambitious target of ending the use of 'dry latrines' that leads to the dehumanizing practice of manual scavenging. The latest Census has found 15 lakh dry latrines are still in use. A meeting of the coordination committee on Tuesday decided to convert all these into \"proper toilets\".While the rural development ministry is running a Total Sanitation Campaign, the fresh targeting of schools and dry latrines would require an additional Rs 1,000 crore. The minister Jairam Ramesh said, \"The ministry would divert funds from its existing schemes.\"The urgency comes in the wake of social justice ministry drafting a new law against manual scavenging that plans to set a target of nine months to citizens to stop use of dry latrines. After the transition period, the penal provisions would kick in. The bill is likely to be tabled in the monsoon session of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "14071070", "title": "Woman, paramour survive murder attempt by husband", "text": "FATEHABAD: A 30-year-old man made a murderous attempt on his wife and her paramour, after the spotting the two at his house in Samain village of the district on Monday night.Partap Singh surrendered before local police, leaving his wife Ginni and her paramour Balwan Singh in a pool of blood due to deep injuries inflicted by him with a sharp-edged weapon. Neighbours rushed the two to civil hospital.As their condition deteriorated, they were referred to PGIMS, Rohtak. Their condition was stated to be critical, police said.Citing the confession made by Partap, police said he was on night duty schedule at a petrol station. On Monday night, as he reached home, he found Ginni and Balwan at his house. He then picked up a sharp-edged weapon and attacked the two.\"Partap has been arrested and we are in the process of completing investigations,'' Fatehabad SP, Satender K Gupta, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14076320", "title": "Anti-Sikh riots: Sikh for Justice to file 'genocide petition'", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Sikh \"genocide petition\" will be filed pursuant to \"1503 petition\" procedure asking UN to investigate the systematic killing of Sikhs in India during the first week of November 1984.The \"genocide petition\" which will be filed before UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCR) will demand the UN to investigate the systematic, intentional and deliberate killing of Sikhs carried out throughout India and to recognize the same as \"genocide\" under UN Convention on Genocide, says Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, legal adviser, Sikh for Justice (SFJ), a US-based advocacy group.SFJ along with All India Sikh Students Federation (AISSF) has launched an international campaign \"1984 - Yes, It's Genocide\", to collect \"million signatures\" in support of the Sikh \"genocide petition.He said that under \"1503 petition\" the commission on human rights will examine complaints which show consistent patterns of gross human rights violations as in the case of Sikhs during November 1984.The petition will ask UNHCR to declare the killings of Sikhs in 1984 as \"Genocide\" under Article 2 of the UN Convention on Genocide. The SFJ would provide UN Commission documents, the testimony of victims and witnesses of 1984 Genocide, Pannun said.\"SFJ would also approach Israel, Armenia, Bosnia and Rwanda who had been victims of genocide for the endorsement and support of Sikh \"genocide petition\" before UN,\" Pannun said.Jatinder Singh Grewal, coordinator for \"1984 - Yes It's Genocide\" campaign said that since the launching of the campaign in North America , more than fifty thousand signatures had already been collected.The campaign would also be taken to Australia, UK and European Union to collect signatures from Sikh diaspora , Grewal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14073737", "title": "Doctor's home in BRS Nagar robbed of goods worth Rs 50 lakh", "text": "LUDHIANA: A doctor's family staying in BRS Nagar got the shock of their lives when they discovered that their house had been burgled while they were vacationing in Malaysia. Robbers reportedly decamped with jewellery and household goods worth Rs 50 lakh from Dr Prashant's house.Police said the doctor and his family returned from Malaysia on Monday and found the house ransacked. The police were immediately informed. The robbers reportedly stole 20 gold bangles, 10 gold necklaces, one diamond set, over 20 gold rings, 10 gold coins, six pairs of earrings, three wristwatches, two cellphones, one laptop and a handycam.\"My wife, children and I had gone to Malaysia for summer vacations on June 3 and returned on Monday,\" the doctor said, adding he found the house's main lock broken. \"I rushed to my neighbours, asking them if they had noticed any suspicious activity, but they hadn't seen anything,\" he said.The SHO of Sarabha Nagar, Manjinder Singh, said that they were investigating the matter and a case had been registered. He said they have collected evidence and were hopeful of nabbing the culprit soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073331", "title": "Court laments long delays in domestic violence hearings", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has lamented long adjournments for hearing women's complaints under the Domestic Violence Act saying it is \"against the spirit of law\" aimed at protecting women from domestic violence.Additional sessions judge Savita Rao made the remarks while disapproving of a magisterial court for sitting over a woman's complaint on domestic violence against her for over two months without a single hearing.\"In terms of the spirit of the Act itself, the trial court was required to pass appropriate order or even if it was required to be put up for consideration, the matter should not have been adjourned for the period of two months which defeats the very purpose and spirit of the statute,\" said ASJ Rao.The judge asked the magisterial court to consider the complaint and pass appropriate orders within a week and added that two months of adjournment for hearing it was without any reason.\"The trial court has given the date of two months only for the purpose of consideration without assigning any reason for such a long date,\" the ASJ noted. A woman from north Delhi had moved the magisterial court under various provisions of the Domestic Violence Act in May this year for compensation from her husband and his family and also protection against domestic violence.The magisterial court put up the complaint for consideration after a period of two months, following which the woman had come in appeal before the sessions court against the long adjournment. The ASJ noted that under the Domestic Violence Act, a magistrate is required to fix the first date of hearing which shall not be beyond three days from the date of receipt of the application by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14071294", "title": "Kozhikode gears up to avert rain-related disasters", "text": "KOZHIKODE: District collector K V Mohan Kumar has directed all tahsildars of Kozhikode, Koyilandy and Vadakara to submit a report detailing the preparations taken to prevent rain-related disasters. He has asked the heads of various departments to prepare separate lists of places that are prone to landslide, sea erosion and floods.Unlike the previous years, district administration will try to exempt school buildings from the list of rehabilitation centres as occupancy for prolonged period will adversely affect students. Community halls and other public sector institutions will be included in the list of rehabilitation centres, said the district collector.Special attention will be given to Kodenchery, Maruthonkara and Kanthalad - places that are affected by landslide. Areas affected by flood during the previous year are being monitored.\"We have issued instructions to PWD officials and Japan International Cooperation Agency-aided drinking water project officials to level all drains along roads,\" said the collector. Koyilandy and Kozhikode tahsildars will monitor the progress, he added. District medical officers have been asked to take steps to prevent the outbreak of epidemics in the district. \"We will ensure that life-saving medicines are available at hospitals. We will also conduct awareness programme,\" said the collector. The administration has directed fisheries officials, coastal police and coast guard to ensure the safety of fisherfolk.The collector warned that KSEB linemen will be held responsible for accidents caused by the broken power lines. School authorities have been told to prune trees that pose a threat during monsoon. A round-the-clock control room is functioning at the collectorate and people can contact officials by dialing 0495-2371002, informed officials. Citizens can contact the coast guard by dialing 1554, a toll-free number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14072040", "title": "Kerala govt to give Rs 3 lakh each to endosulfan victims", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala government has submitted a report to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) partially complying with its recommendations regarding compensation to endosulfan victims. It has submitted that with regard to NHRC's order to pay Rs 5 lakh each to the bed-ridden victims, a lump sum payment of Rs 3 lakh each would be made as the first step.\"Kerala government has informed us that this amount will be given in two installments of Rs 1.5 lakh each. The balance amount of Rs 2 lakh will be considered as a deposit and the beneficiaries will be given a monthly assistance of Rs 2,000 each for a period of five years. The deposited amount of Rs 2 lakh will be returned to the beneficiary after two years. We have accepted the proposal and directed the state government to give a report in eight weeks on the payments made,\" said an NHRC spokesperson.\"The state government has also been asked to pay monetary relief in a similar manner to the next of kin of those who had succumbed to diseases caused by endosulfan,\" the spokesperson added.NHRC on December 31, 2010 recommended that Kerala government pay at least Rs 5 lakh each to the next of kin of those who had died, and those who were bed-ridden or unable to move without help or were mentally retarded, and also pay Rs 3 lakh each to those who had other disabilities. It was further recommended that a panel of doctors assess the extent of physical disability to classify the victims.NHRC sources said the state government had also submitted a detailed account of the steps taken by it in ensuring diagnostic and health care facilities, rehabilitation and welfare measures for the victims of endosulfan in the affected region of Kasaragod district.The amount will be given in two installments", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070576", "title": "Sibal steps in to resolve NCERT book cartoon row", "text": "NEW DELHI: With key UPA ally DMK lending support to voices demanding the removal of an objectionable R K Laxman cartoon from an NCERT textbook, HRD minister Kapil Sibal stepped in on Tuesday assuring that the matter would be examined by the Thorat committee.The NCERT has already constituted a committee under the Indian Council of Social Science Research (ICSSR) chairman Prof Sukhdeo Thorat to review the classes IX-XII Social Science and Political Science textbooks from the point of view of identifying ``educationally inappropriate material'' in them and to provide suggestions for alternatives to be placed in the textbooks. The committee is expected to submit its report by June 15.The committee was set up after MPs protested against cartoons in the textbook showing politicians particularly B R Ambedkar in poor light.Recently, MDMK leader Vaiko had written a letter in protest against the R K Laxman cartoon that highlighted the anti-Hindi protests in south India. The cartoon was part of the class XII political science textbook's chapter on regionalism.The book's chief advisor Yogendra Yadav has pointed out that the cartoon is part of a chapter that explains the strength of regional parties. In fact the book points out, ``Initially, it is seen as a threat to Indian nationalism, regional politics in Tamil Nadu is a good example of the compatibility of regionalism and nationalism.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14073864", "title": "Slides with tears make these risky", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's been almost a year that the municipal corporation had installed slides in a park in Sector 40. But now two of these slides have developed perforations and children are not able to play on these. Residents have even complained regarding it but to no avail.Residents allege that it is because of the sub- standard material used that these slides just tore open at some points, otherwise it is not possible that a slide would see such wear and tear in such a short span of time. These slides are used by children of both sectors 38 and 40.Sukhmanjeet Singh, a resident of Sector 40 said that he used to take his daughter to the slides but about a month ago he saw one of these with a tear and since then he has not allowed his child to go near it. Gurpal Kaur, a resident of Sector 38 said that her child was about to go down the slide recently when she saw that it had a perforation and called her up to see. Ever since then she keeps away from that slide and no one from the MC has turned up to replace it. Neha Verma, a resident of Sector 40 said that it's been a year since these slides were installed in the park but two of these have tears because of use of sub-standard material. \"I had approached the MC regarding replacement of these slides but it's been a month and nothing has been done. It's a serious matter as a child can get hurt,\" said Geeta Batra of Sector 40.Dalvinder Singh, president of the resident welfare association said that he had apprised the area councillor and the MC authorities about it. Councillor Gurbax Rawat said that she is on the job and would soon get these repaired or replaced.Executive engineer Ajay Bansal said that the slides have been made using fibre material so these should not have developed tears but he would look into the matter and take appropriate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074052", "title": "No SSC sports quota in 2013", "text": "MUMBAI: This is the last year when mark sheets of Class X students will bear the astonishing 100%. From the forthcoming year, 25 marks that used to be awarded for excellence in sports to tens of thousands of students will be done away with.The policy pumped up the scores of many. Academically mighty colleges managed to fill up entire batches in Class XI with 100% scorers. Soon, everyone seemed to be taking to sports. The game got murky.Unhappy with the growing number of \"bogus claims and certificates\" from students seeking extra marks for activities such as swordsmanship, yoga and tug-of-war, the school education department felt it necessary to scrap the scheme and introduce a new one. Since the sports-benefit policy was extended to all students in 2006-07, the number of applicants seeking additional marks rose more than seven-fold. Last year, 22,566 Class-X students sought the benefit of additional sports marks as against 2,985 in 2007.\"We realized that a policy intended to encourage sports hardly did that,\" said Sarjarao Jadhav, chairman of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education. S Dhekane, state board secretary, said, \"From next year, the benefit of sports marks will be restricted to students who need it for passing.\" Another official added there is a possibility that students scoring over 90% might also dip.Online admissions, promised state officers, will be smooth this year. \"Admissions should get over by July 12. Last year the academic session began in September as the process went on for almost 90 days,\" said T A Shiware, principal of K P B Hinduja College, who was also on the online admission committee.SSC results will be announced online at 1 pm today and students can check their marks on http://mahresult.nic. in, www.msbshse.ac.in, www. mh-ssc.ac.in or www.sscresult .mkcl.org. BSNL users can get results on cellphones by typing 'MSSC ' to 57766.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14076423", "title": "Rattled anti-Kalmadi faction for action against supporters", "text": "PUNE: Ruffled by city MP Suresh Kalmadi's re-entry into the political arena, the anti-Kalmadi leaders of the Congress on Tuesday wrote a letter to party president Sonia Gandhi demanding action against the partymen who had accompanied the suspended MP at a programme at the PMC on Monday.Flanked by Congress leaders and office-bearers , Kalmadi on Monday held a meeting with municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak to discuss the city's infrastructure issues and also inaugurated the civic sports committee office headed by MLA Ramesh Bagwe's corporator son Avinash.Leaders of the anti-Kalmadi faction in the Congress on Tuesday discussed the possible fallout of Kalmadi's re-entry into the city politics. \"We have written to Sonia Gandhi and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. The party is going through tough times and Gandhi has taken strong steps against all those who are involved in corruption cases. When the party president is trying to clean up the party's image, Pune Congress leaders have disregarded these efforts by openly rubbing shoulders with a suspended MP,\" said a party member in the state legislature.\"All those who were with Kalmadi on Monday are his loyalists. When he had quit the party a few years ago these leaders also had joined him. The party should take action against all Kalmadi loyalists to send a message that the party stands firm on its anti-corruption agenda. The city leaders have damaged the party's image by joining hands with Kalmadi,\" said another leader present for the meeting.Kalmadi was arrested on April 26, 2011 for his alleged role in awarding the contract for installing the timing-scoring-result system to Swiss Times Omega at an exorbitant cost of Rs 141 crore, allegedly causing a loss of over Rs 95 crore to the exchequer. Following his arrest, Kalmadi was suspended from the Congress party. He was released from the Tihar jail five months ago.City Congress leaders who are loyal to Kalmadi arranged a sports office inauguration programme to bring him back in the city's political picture on Monday. \"These Congress leaders are with me because I have old connections with them. They are present with me in their individual capacity,\" Kalmadi said on Monday. MLA Ramesh Bagwe, deputy mayor Deepak Mankar, party leader in the PMC Arvind Shinde, Maharashtra state Congress women's wing president Kamal Vyavahare and other Congress leaders were present with Kalmadi at the function.Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed told TOI on Tuesday: \"Corporator Avinash Bagwe had organized the programme at the PMC. It was his prerogative to invite people. It was not the Congress party's official programme. I was not present for the programme. All the Congress leaders present at the programme were present in their individual capacity and not as party members.\"When asked about the anti-Kalmadi faction's demand for action against the leaders who were present at the programme on Monday, Chhajed said, \"It is their individual view. I don't have to say anything on their demand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14078140", "title": "Lowest voter turnout in Hatia bypoll", "text": "RANCHI: Hatia assembly constituency created a history of sorts on Tuesday with the total voter turnout stood at 38 per cent despite aggressive campaigning by almost all political parties for the bypoll.Sources in office of chief electoral officer revealed that the lowest voter turnout in the assembly constituency before this bypoll was 39.45% in the 2009 assembly election. In 2005, when election was held for the first time after the creation of Jharkhand , turnout was 51.64%. The election was necessitated following the death of sitting Congress legislator Gopal Sharan Nath Shahdeo in 2010 but the Election Commission cold not hold the bypoll due to a pending petition challenging the result of 2009 general assembly election.District election officer-cum-deputy commissioner K K Soan said according to preliminary reports the total turnout was around 38 per cent. \"It is too early to make any comment on the reason behind the low turnout but it appears that high day time temperature may have played some role in restricting people from going out to cast their franchise,\" said Soan. Total number of valid voters cast in the constituency was around 4.02 lakh.Voting for the by-election took place amidst tight security at 425 booths and a 20 companies of security forces including personnel of central para military forces were deployed. As many as 29 candidates, including Congress nominee Sunil Sahay, the brother of Union minister Subody Kant Sahay, former state minister Ramji Lal Sharda of BJP, Naveen Jaiswal of Ajsu Party and Ajay Nath Shahdeo of JVM-P, are in the fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14076704", "title": "Frame rules or scrap 'VIP pass' at temples: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Preferential treatment given to 'VIPs' in temples in Tamil Nadu has become the subject matter of a litigation, with the Madras high court suggesting either abolition of the 'VIP pass' system or framing clear guidelines.When a public interest petition against indiscriminate distribution of VIP passes during important occasions such as new year's day or Vaikunda Ekadasi at the famous Srirangam temple came up for hearing on Tuesday, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said: \"The advocate-general is directed to seek instructions as to why the government should not come out with clear guidelines as to who shall be exceptionally treated, and further as to why this pass system be not abolished, as has been done in Kerala and Andhra Pradesh.\" The matter has been adjourned by two weeks for further hearing.Though temples in Kerala do not have any official protocol for VIPs, individual temple administrations do make special arrangements when ministers and judges come to pray. \"No passes are given, but queues are stopped for a while to ensure hassle-free darshan for VIPs,\" said a devotee. In Andhra Pradesh , especially at Lord Venkateshwara Temple in Tirupati, there is a 'break-dharshan' provision, which means an exclusive dharshan time for VIPs who come with proper reference.In his petition, advocate J Prabhakaran of T Nagar said Tamil Nadu's Hindu religious and charitable endowments department is in the habit of issuing VIP and VVIP passes to a large number of people during important religious festivals. Since these passes entitle the holders to enter the temple through special entrance, they impede the darshan of other devotees. They enter the sanctum sanctorum in large numbers, thereby crowding the place and blocking the view of other devotees. Since there is no limit on the number of these VIP passes, there is no way to limit the crowd, he said.Referring to such difficulties at Srirangam temple, he said that during the Tamil month of Margazhi and other important occasions such as Vaikunda Ekadasi and the new year's day, lakhs of devotees visit the temple. In order to ensure that every devotee has a good darshan of the Lord, the petitioner said VIP pass-holders could be allotted a separate schedule for darshan without disturbing others, as is being done at Lord Venkateshwara temple in Tirupati.The petitioner also faulted the Srirangam temple administration for failing to make adequate arrangements to handle several lakhs of devotees visiting the temple on Vaikunda Ekadasi and other such important occasions.At Lord Venkateshwara Temple in Tirupati, there is an exclusive dharshan time for VIPs who come with proper reference, unlike at Srirangan temple", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075969", "title": "Travel agents get more time to shift to weekly payment system", "text": "MUMBAI: Travel agents, and consequently people who book their air tickets through agents, have got a breather as the International Air Transport Association (IATA) has deferred implementation of the \"weekly settlement system\" to November 1. IATA had announced that from June 1 agents will have to make the ticket-sale payments to the airlines concerned on a weekly basis instead of the currently followed fortnightly remittance cycle. With a weekly payment cycle, the agents would be forced to give their customers less time to make payments.The proposal was met with opposition and talks were on between agents, IATA and airlines to thrash out a settlement schedule agreeable to all parties.\"Nearly 1,500 of our members have small or medium-sized agencies and they would have been hit if the schedule would have been implemented from June 1,\" said Iqbal Mulla, president, Travel Agents Association of India (TAAI), one of the bodies that has been opposing the proposal.\"In India, we do not follow an advanced-cash economy, payments for ticket purchased is always made after a few days. The use of plastic money or online banking is not as widespread in India as it is in the West,\" said Mulla, adding that the agents had to concede to these factors and give the Indian customer time to make payment. \"We will try to convince IATA and airlines for a three payment cycle/month instead of their proposal for a four payment cycle/month,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14087318", "title": "When Vivian Dsena bumped into his ardent fans!", "text": "TV heartthrob Vivian Dsena, who is touted as the next big thing on the small screen, has ardent fan followers from all over the country.Vivian is already basking in the success of his new show, Madhubala-Ek Ishq Ek Junoon which is adding to his popularity. So recently, when Vivian visited a coffee shop with a few of his friends, he was in for a surprise! Three teenage fans walked up to Vivian and requested to click a picture with the star, two of which were from Jaipur.All the three fans have been ardent Vivian fans ever since he became a hit with the show, Pyaar Kii Ye Ek Kahaani . Not only that, the trio have not missed even one episode of the star's former show. So it's only natural that they will be glued to Madhubala now. One of the fans was so nervous, that she could not believe it that her favourite TV actor was in front of her.Says Vivian, \"It's nice to meet your admirers. It feels good when fans appreciate your work\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14077152", "title": "Gogoi releases vision document for Assam\u2019s women &amp; children", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday said the state is moving towards the goal to provide employment opportunities to women and education to children. Releasing a vision document for women and children, Gogoi said: \"We know we still have a long way to go, but at least in the last ten years we have been able to make people aware of a lot of issues and we hope in the coming years we will fulfil the target we have set in the document.\"He added: \"Issues like high MMR and IMR still plague the state, some schools do not have access to clean drinking water and social evils like witch hunting exist. We hope we overcome these problems in the future and the state develops in the true sense.\"The document foresees reducing Infant mortality rate from 58 to 38 per 1000 live births, reduction in maternal mortality rate (MMR) to 210 per 1,00,000 live birth, reduction of total fertility rate to 2.1%, improving child sex ratio, reduction in percentage of anaemia in children and women and reducing the percentage of underweight children (0-5 years) by 30%.Health and education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, who was also present at the occasion, said: \"From 2001 to 2005, a lot of economic development has taken place and over the years, the state has gone through a lot of changes. But we can't ignore that women still die due to anaemia and we can't take these issues lightly. I hope that the goals mentioned in the vision document will bring necessary changes in the state.\" He added: \"In the education sector too, we will look into the issues like pupil teacher ratio in every schools, proper implementation of mid day meal schemes in different schools.\"Social welfare minister Akon Bora said: \"A lot of schemes are being launched for empowering women and now almost 1.5 lakh women have found sustenance under several government schemes. We are stressing on health issues and trying to create awareness on institutional delivery. The government provides Rs 4,000 to pregnant women to go for institutional delivery,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077015", "title": "IIT guard drowned: Report", "text": "CHENNAI: A preliminary postmortem report on the death of an IIT-Madras security guard, whose body was found floating in a pond, on Monday indicated that he probable cause of death was drowning.The Kotturpuram police, who recovered the body of 35-year-old M Abdul Kalak from a pond in IIT-M sent the body for autopsy to Government Royapettah Hospital. \"Mud was found in the trachea and liver but his hyoid bone was intact,\" said an investigating officer after receiving the preliminary postmortem report. However, the report left the police with more questions than answers. The U-shaped hyoid bone in the neck is fractured in one-third of all homicides by strangulation. The fact that the guard's hyoid bone was intact is not conclusive evidence that he was not strangled, investigators said.Joint commissioner of police (east) S N Seshasai said investigators would not rule out the possibility that the guard, a native of Assam , had been murdered. The body showed no signs of external or internal injuries. \"He might have committed suicide by jumping into the pond,\" an investigating officer said. \"He could have swam to safety if he was pushed into the pond because he knew how to swim, but his hands and legs were entangled in nylon rope and we believe that a boulder had been tied to his limbs. On the other hand, he could have been killed and then thrown into the pond.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074636", "title": "Most bouncers are goons , says Mumbai top cop Arup Patnaik", "text": "MUMBAI: Establishments ranging from banks to dance bars hire goons and criminal elements because their notoriety is considered to be the \"biggest asset\", city police commissioner Arup Patnaik has said in a circular. The only way to check them is to maintain dossiers of these goons by the police station, crime branch and special branch, it added.Builders, dance bars, discotheques, liquor joints, permit rooms, gambling joints, liquor shops, political outfits, cable operators, moneylenders, banks and financial institutions have hired criminal elements as security guards, bouncers and recovery agents, Patnaik said. \"In drinking joints, there is likelihood of all sorts of elements gathering and occasional brawls, so bouncers are hired at fairly attractive salaries,'' the circular issued on Tuesday said.There have been occasions when banks and financial institutions have used services of such elements for recovery of their dues and confiscation of property. Some builders have hired these elements as personal bodyguards. In redevelopment schemes and slum rehabilitation projects, goons are used as site supervisors, and at times, tasked with forcibly obtaining signatures from unwilling tenants and even threatening and evicting from their shanties, the circular said.The circular stated that often a builder or owner of a joint tries to cultivate the police station concerned so that any action taken by these goons and their musclemen is sorted out at the police station level either through monetary inducements or through political or bureaucratic intervention. The only way to check such criminal elements is to maintain dossiers of these goons at police stations, crime branch and special branch. Their photographs should be displayed at police stations and deputy police commissioners should ensure that their juniors crack down on these elements, the circular added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071062", "title": "Gandhi Medical College to net in 50 lakh more from this year", "text": "BHOPAL: The Gandhi Medical College (GMC), Bhopal hopes to increase its revenue by about Rs 50 lakh this year following the hike in cost of treatments offered. The general body meeting of the Gandhi Medical College society passed its budget for the year here on Tuesday.GMC's tertiary care hospitals include Hamida, Sultania and Kalma Nehru hospital cater to about 3 lakh patients. The autonomous body of the GMC had approved a hike in rates of various services offered at its hospitals earlier this year.A press release said that the total expenditure is pegged at Rs 21 crore for the year 2012-13. The major outlay include Rs 3 crore for five new escalators, Rs 2 crore on equipment purchase and other administrative costs.The budget meeting of GMC's governing body was chaired by state minister of medical education Mahendra Hardia.Narrating the achievements before the general body committee Dean GMC Nirbhay Shrivastava said, \"GMC is the preferred choice of PG students in the state. A total of 11 international presentations and some 27 publications have been credited to college faculty in the current year alone.\"One ambulance each will also be purchased for Hamidia and Sultania hospitals as well.Gandhi Medical College tertiary care hospitals include Hamida, Sultania and Kalma Nehru hospital that cater to about 3 lakh patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14078246", "title": "Chandra Shekhar Azad university conducts placement drive", "text": "Kanpur: The Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology is engaged these days in conducting placement drive for its students. In this respect, several companies are approaching the university for selecting the best student.On Tuesday, seven students of various disciplines of the university were declared selected by Harvel Agua India Private Limited. The private company had taken interview of the students on May 24 and 25.Naushad Khan, media-incharge of the university informed TOI that Vikram Kumar Yadav, Bhanu Pratap Singh, Vikram Singh Rathore, Pradeep Kumar, Sajjad Ali, Basant Kumar Mishra and Abhinav Yadav have been selected by the Harvel Agua India Private Limited at a package of Rs 3 lakhs. Khan said that six students belong to BTech course and one student belongs to MSc (Agriculture)-Biotechnology department.He informed that the interviews of the selected students were held on May 24 and 25 in the campus.It was for the first time that a company of global repute arrived on CSA campus to recruit students. Naushad Khan informed that Expert Trading group, that has business in 61 countries of the world and manufactures nearly 60 types of agricultural products, interviewed nearly 61 students on June 4.\"The selected students would be given job opportunities in Zambia and Ghana where they will be engaged in seed production and seed distribution work. The students will be paid an amount of Rs 8 lakh as the salary package,\" said the media-incharge of the university while talking to TOI.Elated with the successful placements going on, the placement incharge of CSA university said, \"a healthy placement drive has been going on in the university for past two years which indeed is a good news. So far (in the year 2012), 83 students of the university have been placed with both private and public sector companies.\"He added that Monsanto Seeds, Syndicate Bank, Indian Farm Forestry Development Co-operative Limited, Krishak Bharti Co-operative Limited, Evlon and Harvel Agva limited are a few other companies that are yet to come to the campus. He said these companies have given their consent for conducting the campus placement drive soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14085343", "title": "Ranbir takes a dig at Kareena", "text": "Those close to Ranbir Kapoor know he's a merciless mimic.This writer has been first-hand witness to Ranbir's no-holds- barred naqal of Hrithik Roshan and other stars .But to see him doing takeoffs on his entire Kapoor khandaan on a global platform , specially cousin Kareena,took a lot of gumption.It therefore came as a delightful surprise to those close to the Kapoor khandaan to see Ranbir Kapoor doing a takeoff on his cousin Kareena Kapoor at the recently concluded IIFA awards.Ayushmann Khurrana of Vicky Donor fame joined Ranbir in the masti. This was his first visit to the global awards.Says our source, \"Ranbir and Ayushmann were supposed to do a takeoff on Prithiviraj Kapoor, Raj Kapoor, Rishi Kapoor and Kareena. However the Rishi interlude was changed , and Ranbir-Ayushmann ended up dancing to a Rishi Kapoor tune rather than mimicking him.\"Kareena, however, got the full brunt of the Ranbir treatment when he and Ayushmann parodied her pouty pirouette in Bebo main bebo.We asked Ayushmann about the Ranbir skit at the Kapoors' expense,and Ayushmann said. \"I asked Ranbir to mimic the Kapoor clan .He did Prithviraj Kapoor, Raj Kapoor and then we did a jig on Mr Rishi Kapoor's number.Amd then I mimicked Bebo. He also joined in.He's a super-sport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070865", "title": "Chandrabhan summoned to Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress state president Chandrabhan was summoned to New Delhi by the party Central leadership ahead of the organisation's Jaipur division political seminar slated for Thursday. The sudden development on Tuesday was linked by the party men with the recent reports about growing differences between the organisation and the state government. Chandrabhan's visit was also said to be about the Jat community's demand to be given quota in Central government services.According to sources, the party Central leadership has come to believe that though the Ashok Gehlot-led state government was performing well, the organisation was failing in its task to publicize the achievements among the masses. The PCC chief's controversial statements in the past few months are said to have helped build the belief.The organisation, on the other hand, has been citing indiscipline cases like the public outburst of Congress legislators against the chief minister and his ministers as the real detriments for the party. Chandrabhan has even demanded a 'concrete' policy from the high command to deal with indiscipline cases by senior Congressmen who have been publicly questioning the government performance.The party leadership was also concerned with instances of infighting among the state Congressmen and wants the Jaipur division seminar on June 14 to be free of any controversy. The concern was based on the violence witnessed at Bharatpur's division's seminar and Chandrabhan's statement on the party prospects made at the Kota division's seminar the last month.At the same time, the party was also worried about the reports of growing resentment among its ministers and legislators from the Scheduled Caste (SC), especially in eastern Rajasthan bordering with Uttar Pradesh. Cabinet minister Ashok Bairwa, who recently camped in New Delhi in protest against the interests of constituency being allegedly jeopardized by his cabinet colleague Bina Kak, had openly spoken last month about the resentment brewing in the SC community.According to sources, while SC ministers were aggrieved over getting 'insignificant' departments, the community members were upset with the Gehlot government failing in effective fighting the legal battle over its quota in promotions in the government jobs. Parliamentary secretary Ramesh Meena recently rated Bhanwar Lal Meghwal as a better education minister than Brij Kishore Sharma. Meghwal, along with Bharosi Lal Jatav, was dropped from the Gehlot cabinet in the reshuffle in November last.Adding to the party woes were reports about BSP supremo Mayawati eyeing Rajasthan's Dalit community. In the last assembly election the BSP won six seats and a decent vote percentage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077312", "title": "Stranded plane delays six others", "text": "CHENNAI: Six flights had to circle over the city for nearly 20 minutes on Tuesday after a snag-hit defence plane was stuck on the main runway of Chennai airport. Four flights ready for departure were also delayed. Flight operations at the airport came to a standstill for nearly half an hour from noon.Sources said the nose wheel of the Coast Guard plane got jammed and the plane could not vacate the runway soon after landing around noon.\"As the plane was stuck we had to tell pilots of incoming flights to go around and circle till the aircraft was removed from the runway. Four departures were also delayed. All passengers were aboard and the planes were ready for departure,\" said an airport official.The coast Guard pilot was taxiing after landing when the incident happened. The plane almost moved out of the runway but got stuck when it slowed down to turn into a taxiway. It could not be towed away because of the jammed nose wheel assembly.Airport officials decided not to divert the arriving planes after defence officials informed them that the snag could be rectified within a short time.Coast guard engineers brought a replacement and changed the jammed component. The plane was moved on its own power after the repairs that took more than 20 minutes to complete. An airport official said the incident did not create many problems as it happened during the non-peak hour.The flights circling the airport were allowed to land one after another around 12.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073867", "title": "Serial bag lifter held on second visit to crime scene", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kanjurmarg police recently arrested a 42-year-old man for allegedly stealing a bag that was kept inside the cabin of a probationary officer of a nationalized bank. The bag contained cash and a gold ring totalling Rs 14,000.On June 2, Sanjay Mohite entered the cabin on the pretext of seeking the officer's help for a demand draft. Mohite ran out of luck when he revisited the same bank on June 7, five days after stealing the bag. \"The moment Mohite entered the bank, officials caught him and handed him over to the police along with evidence in the form ofCCTV footage that showed Mohite entering the cabin and stealing the officer's bag,\" said Kanjurmarg police assistant inspector M R Salunkhe.In her complaint, Charu Sharma said, \"The bag was stolen around 9.07am on June 2, minutes after I signed in at work. The thief sneaked into my cabin and stole my bag when I went out to fill water in my bottle.\"During the probe, the police found that Mohite has been stealing bags from banks and offices for the last 25 years. \"He has spent time in jails at Arthur Road, Taloja and Thane,\" said an investigator. \"He has confessed to stealing four more bags in the recent past.\"The alertness shown by bank officials helped the police nab the accused in four similar recent cases. Sharma, in the complaint, said, \"The bag was stolen around 9.07am on June 2 minutes after I signed in at work. I had gone to fill water in the bottle when the thief entered my cabin and walked out with the bag that was kept on my table,\" she said.During the probe, the police went through Mohite's crime record and found that he had been committing the offence of lifting bags from banks and offices for the last 25 years. \"During Mohite's crime career he has spent time in jails at Arthur Road, Taloja and Thane. Every time he comes out of jail commits the offence. Mohite's elderly mother gets annoyed everytime on seeing cops landing at her Vikhroli house along with her son thinking that he has kept hidden the stolen property in the house,\" said the investigators.Mohite had worked as a loader at the international airport for a brief period. However he was unable to meet his lavish lifestyle.\"It was during his stint as a loader that Mohite learnt to steal bags,\" the art of lifting bags while he was employed as loader which he made it as a profession to earn income. He enters the bank pretending to sell envelopes or make demand drafts and on seeking opportunity makes away with the bags that contain cash and valuables which is found unattended,\"said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "14070977", "title": "50km Manali-Rohtang road a 10-hour journey", "text": "MANALI: In what could be the pathetic condition of road and traffic system, the 52-km-long panoramic journey to Rohtang Pass is taking 8 to 10 hours to cover both side journeys from Manali. Despite many efforts and master plans prepared by the Border Roads Organization (BRO), administration and police to smoothen the traffic, vehicles are moving at snail's pace.\"We woke up at 4am to avoid traffic problems on road to Rohtang but reached there at 11am and after spending an hour and facing traffic, we could reach Manali only at 9.30pm,\" member of a Punjabi family Gurbaksh Singh said who could not spend much time in snow at Rohtang pass. Similar is the complaint of hundreds of tourists touring Rohtang daily.A person had filed a petition in HP high court against traffic congestions on Manali-Rohtang highway due to increasing number of tourist vehicles plying on the route every day. He had complained that vehicles were taking more than 6 hours to cover only 52- km distance here and the emission by vehicles was also harming the fragile ecology of the place. After the strict order by the HC, government and administration prepared many master plans, including ban on non-Himachal vehicles on this road, but the problem is still as it was years ago. The government has a multi-crore plan to build ropeway between Kothi (14km from Manali) and Rohtang to reduce traffic burden but it could take long time to turn the plan into reality.Though, the highway has been widened at many places and two dozen policemen are taking care of the traffic movement, but increasing number of vehicles, growing tourist inflow, inadequate parking space, damaged road stretches and untrained drivers are causing frequent traffic snarls.Another tourist from Ahmadabad, Harish Bhai, said they reached Rohtang pass afternoon and their driver suggested them to make hurry with their activities here, otherwise they would be caught in jam till late night. \"We have reached here after travelling long-way from our place only to see snow, but had to return without enjoying much. The traffic jams broke our hearts,\" he said.The police say they are trying their best to keep the traffic moving within all available infrastructures. The Kullu administration claims ban on non-Himachal vehicles has lowered the traffic jam problems to a large extent and the BRO says the organization is providing an open and maintained highway to vehicles and using it with good strategy is the responsibility of police and administration only. But local taxi operators say they know that they would not get any relief until tourism season comes to an end.A taxi driver Yuvraj Bisht said, he always suggested his passengers (tourists) to leave for Rohtang before 5 am to avoid traffic bottlenecks but his strategy seems to be failing as there is no way to escape the hour-long jams. He said, \"It doesn't matter what time you go to Rohtang pass but it is sure that you would not return before late evening. Tourists are getting to see snow only for few minutes and their rest of the day consumes struggling with traffic.\"More than 20,000 tourists with 3,000 vehicles are reaching Rohtang pass daily. A beeline of vehicles could be seen between Manali and Rohtang the whole day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072473", "title": "Nashik industries in global opportunity web", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries and Manufacturers'Association (NIMA) has tied up with Alibaba.com Ltd to provide global business opportunities to city entrepreneurs.As part of the agreement, registration and verification of industries in Nashik are to be made free of cost.\"A joint programme will also be chalked out for business growth of local industries and also to get them business opportunities in international markets. There are around 17 million members registered with the portal. Information about Nashik industries will be uploaded on its website,\" a NIMA office-bearer said.The online portal also plans to organize a training programme for industries to increase business via Internet. \"It will focus on doing business or deals at international level, create awareness about e-commerce, online communication between buyers and sellers and ways to develop website of the industries,\" Pushkar Shinde, customer service and training manager of the portal, said.NIMA president Dhananjay Bele along with industry body's office-bearers Milind Chincholikar, Milind Rajput, Anil Mantri, Ashish Nahar and Satish Kothare were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071963", "title": "S&P;\u2019s observations lack logic, says Veerappa Moily", "text": "KOCHI: Terming Standard &amp; Poor's recent observations on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as irrational, Union minister of corporate affairs Veerappa Moily argued that S&P;'s contention that the country's reforms were affected by the division of roles between 'unelected' Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi defied reason.Such political issues cannot be used for drawing statistical conclusions on India's economic development. Moreover, the Prime Minister has been elected to the Rajya Sabha, he said, claiming that the country was still on the path of progress. On the upcoming presidential polls, Moily said the Congress would consult other parties and arrive at a consensus candidate. Moily also said that being a responsible political party, the CPM cannot backtrack on its promise to support the Congress candidate in the presidential polls.The decision to introduce sub-quota in reservation for OBCs in Karnataka had been made on the basis of educational and economic survey. The Supreme Court is expected to take this into consideration while delivering its verdict on the issue, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072509", "title": "New building project to boost business in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: In order to make available ready galas for micro and small entrepreneurs in Nashik, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) is planning to construct a flatted industrial estate building in the Ambad industrial area of MIDC. The building will house around 200 business galas.The flatted building project to be constructed near IT Park in Ambad MIDC, will be spread over 14,800sq metres and will have the same built-up area and is estimated to cost Rs 20 crore.\"We have already appointed an architect to design the building plan and will invite tenders for construction once the plan is completely designed. Although the flatted building will be built by a private contractor, its total monitoring including sale of flats will be done by MIDC,\" a senior MIDC official said.\"We have already identified land near MIDC's IT Park in the Ambad industrial area. The building will include 200 galas of different sizes ranging from 500sq ft to over 1,000sq ft. 50 % of the flats will be in the range of 500 sq ft, 35% will be in the range of 1,000sq ft and around 15% of the remaining units will be in the range over 1,000sq ft,\" the official added.The official said that while construction bids were going to be invited within the next two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14071037", "title": "23-year-old divorced woman shot in Bhiwani", "text": "ROHTAK: A divorced woman was shot dead when she was asleep in her house in Bank colony of Bhiwani town on Monday night. The deceased Manju Devi (23), had been living with her mother after divorce from her husband Bijender Singh.The deceased's mother Darshna Devi said in her complaint that a youth Pratap Singh was known to the family. \"He was trying to grab our house and pressuring us. This seemed to be the motive behind the murder\", she said in the complaint.She informed that she was sleeping with Manju on the terrace when the assailant barged into their house and shot her twice. Manju died on the spot.The DSP Karta Ram, who rushed to the spot on Tuesday morning informed that the police had started investigation into the case and teams had been dispatched to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071122", "title": "Pre-monsoon showers throw life out of gear", "text": "BHOPAL: A heavy spell of pre-monsoon showers lashed Bhopal on Tuesday evening throwing normal life out of gear. The showers brought with it the much needed respite from the hot and humid conditions as the temperature dipped slightly and the winds made the night pleasant.The city recorded more than 5 cm of rain in about two hours affecting vehicular movement and electricity supply. Most parts of the city went without electricity for hours after the burst of showers.The pre-monsoon showers were also reported in other parts of the state, including Gwalior, Indore, Hoshangabad, Betul Itarsi and nearby places.The officials of the Metrological department, Bhopal circle said the air around the state is getting moisture from Arabian Sea as well as the Bay of Bengal due to which pre-monsoon showers would continue.The temperatures in parts of the state continued to be the higher side. The maximum and minimum temperatures among the four main cities, Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 43.0 degrees C and 24.4 degrees C.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 38.5 (+1) degrees against a minimum of 24.8 (0) degrees C. The maximum temperature at Indore was recorded at 37.3 (+1) and minimum at 24.4 (-1) degrees.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 43.0 (+2) degrees while minimum there was recorded at 32.0 (+2). The maximum temperature at Jabalpur was recorded at 39.1 (+1) and minimum at 29.8 (+3) degrees CIn the forecast for Wednesday, the weathermen underlined possibility of thundershowers at several places coming under the southwest MP including Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074878", "title": "Water from dam may be used for Mulshi project: Maharashtra govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Water from the Mulshi dam, which is used for power generation and irrigation purposes, could be diverted to the new hill city project being planned in Pune's Mulshi taluka. This, however, would depend on permission from the private power company that currently uses the water for its purposes, said the government.This and several other concessions have been granted to the project by the state urban development. In a notification, it has allowed multiple concessions to the new township based on the reasoning that \"in order to promote tourism and orderly development of the land, the modification (to declare the area as a township) is necessary and should be sanctioned subject to conditions\".The project would have to comply with a set of stringent recommendations made by the Madhav Gadgil committee report on ecological sustainability of the Western Ghats. The state-level expert appraisal committee (SEAC) of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has said it will apply the Gadgil panel's guidelines to the project mooted by Maharashtra Valley View Private Limited.\"The government has only approved the project in keeping with the guidelines it has put in place for hill station projects. However, until the Gadgil committee's recommendations are applied, it is difficult to say for sure if such projects would be environmentally feasible despite all clearances from the state,\" said G K Deshpande, acting chairman of the SEAC.The Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel report Part II of the Gadgil committee had in August last year said the entire Western Ghats must be considered ecologically sensitive, especially to ensure the sustainability of rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14068863", "title": "Obama nominates Indian-American Sri Srinivasan to second highest court in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama on Monday nominated India-born legal luminary Srikanth Srinivasan to the Federal Court of Appeals, the highest ever judicial appointment of an Indian-American in the U.S and a powerful reminder of the extraordinary strides the community has made while deeply integrating into American society.The nomination, which will have to be confirmed by the US Senate, puts an Indian-American in one of the most powerful positions in the American judicial system since the US Court of Appeals sets legal precedent in regions that cover millions of people. There are 13 Court of Appeals across the U.S. with 179 judges, and the Washington DC Appeals Court to which Srinivasan has been nominated is considered particularly influential, with Obama himself calling it ''the nation's second highest court.'' Because the US Supreme Court hears less than 100 of the more than 10,000 cases filed with it annually, Courts of Appeals serve as the final arbiter on most federal cases. If confirmed by the Senate, the judgeship is a lifetime tenure.Srinivasan's nomination, along with that of New York Counsel Caitlin Halligan, both announced by the White House on Monday, is not without controversy. Some Obama supporters are said to have opposed his name because of his work in the U.S. Solicitor General's office during the Bush administration, and the Senate blocked Halligan's nomination last year. But President Obama, who himself has a legal background, pushed ahead with the nomination, firmly backing the two appointments.\"Caitlin Halligan and Sri Srinivasan are dedicated public servants who will bring their tremendous experience, intellect, and integrity to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit,\" Obama said in a statement. \"This important court is often called the Nation's second-highest court, and it stands more than a quarter vacant. Mr. Srinivasan will be a trailblazer and, like Ms. Halligan, will serve the court with distinction and excellence.\"The appointment electrified the Indian-American community which has high visibility in the US. \"We are tugging on the arc of history and bending it towards justice...gaining political popularity, strength and sophistication,\" exulted Toby Chaudhuri, a Democratic strategist who has worked with the Clinton, Gore, and Obama campaigns. \"This president has appointed a record-number who have shattered barriers across the country.\"Other judges of Indian-origin serving currently include Judge Amul Thapar at the US district court of the Eastern District of Kentucky (Appointed Dec. 2007) and Jay Gandhi at central district of California (Appointed April 2010).\"Sri\" Srinivasan, as he is popularly known, was born in Chandigarh and grew up in Lawrence, Kansas , before receiving a BA, and later a JD and MBA from Stanford University . He clerked with Justice Sandra Day O'Connor and litigated with distinction before the US Supreme Court and the US courts of Appeals, both on behalf of the United States and in private practice , before President Obama appointed him U.S Principal Deputy Solicitor General (to replace another Indian-American Neal Katyal ), a position he has held since August 2011.Srinivasan has also taught at Harvard Law School. His sister, Srinija Srinivasan, is one of Yahoo originals, employee number 5 of the company before she left the storied Silicon Valley start-up in 2010 after 15 years there. Obama also appointed her as a member of the White House Commission on Presidential Scholars in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14087417", "title": "ESG mourns death of Noble Laureate Elinor Ostrom", "text": "MANGALORE: Bangalore based Environmental Support Group (ESG) has mourned the death of Nobel Laureate Elinor Ostrom, 78, who passed away earlier on Tuesday in Bloomington. She had been suffering from pancreatic cancer for past few months, and was in hospital for the past 3 weeks. She bagged the 2009 Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences for her groundbreaking research on the ways that people organize themselves to manage resources.Ostrom, 78, died IU Health Bloomington Hospital. Ostrom shared 2009 Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel, also known as the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences, with University of California economist Oliver Williamson. She was the first woman and remains the only woman to be awarded the prize. Harini Nagendra of ATREE, who worked with Ostrom for a very long time broke the news to ESG.Even as she fought cancer at IU Health Bloomington Hospital, Elinor showed the presence of mind to commend ESG's efforts to advance use and conservation of lakes in Karnataka. In a letter to the Secretariat of the United Nations office to support the International Decade for Action Water for Life 2005-2015, she commended ESGs efforts for utilizing legal redressal mechanisms, and eliciting appropriate responses from judiciary and administration.The subsequent responses from executive and judiciary were to protect, conserve, and wisely use Karnataka's 35,000 irrigation tanks (lakes) and their canal networks\". Elinor's letter acknowledges that guidelines evolved to assist in this process are pragmatic as they acknowledge importance of community centric, democratic, and ecologically viable interventions for managing watersheds and water resources, Leo Saldanha of ESG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "14073842", "title": "Illegal mining on despite stay by Supreme Court", "text": "FARIDABAD: Police here have intensified their search for the contractor Rajpal Chauhan who has been absconding since Monday morning when the driver of his truck ran over a constable at a check post at Palla in Faridabad. A case of murder was registered against Chauhan after his driver Pappu claimed he had acted under orders. The accused had driven up to the Delhi border along with the truck that was carrying sand mined illegally from the Yamuna bed, but fled on seeing Pappu caught by the police.Faridabad police said they had formed several teams to nab Chauhan. The Sarai Khawaja police station, which is investigating the case, reported that two teams were raiding Chauhan's likely hideouts and residences of his acquaintances in Faridabad. Another team has been sent to Chauhan's hometown Alwar in Rajasthan. Chauhan has lived in Sector 30, Faridabad for the last seven years. His family is being questioned and his mobile phones have been put under surveillance.Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Tuesday announced ex-gratia compensation of Rs 10 lakh for the next of kin of the killed constable, Mahabir Singh (46). Hooda said the guilty would be punished severely so that such incidents do not occur again. Haryana DGP Ranjiv Dalal also announced a compensatory job for a member of the constable's family. The deceased is survived by his wife and two children who are studying in Rohtak.Sources said Chauhan has at least one more dumper that he uses to transport illegally mined sand. \"He has been active in the Palla area for the last five years but we are yet to find any criminal case against him,'' said the investigating officer of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069979", "title": "Lift upkeep shoddy in 90% societies: Study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Following the deaths of two boys in lift accidents, the Gujarat Elevator Industrial Association (Geia) members conducted an emergency meeting here on Tuesday to discuss safety issues. The association has come up with guidelines and suggestions for lift users, builders and government agencies.\"Our survey found that most of the accidents take place at residential complexes and in old lifts. 90-95 per cent societies do not invest in regular maintenance of lift systems. Moreover, the average lifespan of a lift is 20 years, after which maintenance cost multiplies and technology changes. Many buildings, however, have lifts older than the stipulated age as decided by the Indian government,\" said Nikhil Patel, secretary, Geia.The association suggested that only government-approved lift companies be allowed to install and repair lifts, and working license be made mandatory which would be renewed by government-appointed agencies only. It also suggested annual inspection instead of existing norm of once in three years.\"States such as Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Delhi have rules in place. The owners there have to pay lifetime fee for lift inspection. Appointed inspectors take stock of the lift's condition annually and renew the use permission. We have suggested procedure similar to electricity inspection at industrial units in Gujarat,\" said a member.Geia has also requested local civic authorities to take in consideration the lift's size and condition while issuing building use (BU) permission. At the moment, all that a builder needs is a safety certificate by a lift inspector. Experts said that factors such as condition of machine room and proper dimensions of lift cars and wells are necessary. The association intends to put up banners and posters to make citizens aware of safety rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "14076167", "title": "25 kg silver loot case in Deesa solved", "text": "PALANPUR: Local crime branch of police on Tuesday busted a gang allegedly involved in robbing 25 kgs of silver valued at Rs 12 lakh from Ramesh Ramji Thakkar on May 17 in Deesa. Of the three persons arrested, one is a final year BA student.The victim, a silver refining factory owner, was carrying the metal for refining on his scooter when he was robbed by the accused from whom police have recovered 12.50 kgs of silver and a motorcycle used in the crime.Superintendent of police (SP), Banaskantha, Ashok Kumar Yadav said, \"Two accused came on a motorcycle and parked it at a distance near a bakery. The two accused then knocked down the scooter of the victim when he rode past that way. Before Thakkar could realize anything, the accused sped with the booty on his scooter. After some time, the third accused came and took away the parked motor-cycle. The scooter was later found abandoned about three km on Patan Road.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075201", "title": "BMC not to take up any new roads this monsoon", "text": "MUMBAI: Learning from its mistakes, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is taking no chances with newly-laid major and minor roads this monsoon. No new roads will be taken up during the monsoon and the civic body claims all roads where work had begun have been brought to a \"safe\" level.Of the 171 major cement concrete and asphalt roads, the BMC has completed 129 till June 10. The picture is grim for minor roads, as only 184 of the over 600 roads targeted have been re-laid.Senior civic officials took stock of the situation, sending across a stern message to contractors on Tuesday. \"Contractors have been told to maintain roads that have been laid. They will be responsible for correcting defects that crop up during the rainy season. We will not take up new work during the monsoon and instructions have been issued to give final touches, like clearing debris,\" said Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner.BMC claimed that of the major roads, work has already begun on 20, but they have ensured they are in a motorable condition. \"We have ensured all roads have been brought to a safe level, which will not affect traffic movement. Minor touches to pavements and junctions remains. No work has been left half done,\" said a senior roads department official.Experts, however, are skeptical about the department's numbers. N V Merani, chairman, standing technical advisory committee, said, \"The numbers don't say much. We can only understand the work done by contractors by checking the lane kilometres completed. The length will be the right measure of checking progress by the civic body.\"Monitoring newly-laid roads is extremely important, the experts said, and added that two factors must be checked. Firstly, water tends to seep in and after settling down creates a depression. It leads to cracks in new roads. Secondly, officials and contractors should ensure drainage movement along new roads is proper to prevent water-logging, subsequently affecting the condition of roads. \"Bringing roads to a safe level isn't enough. Weekly inspection should be undertaken so that the quality remains intact,\" added Merani.Meanwhile, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan came out strongly against potholes and said that they had appointed a Swiss company to check the quality of roads this year. There was need for an independent auditor for road work in the city, he said.Chavan said the civic body was using new technologies, which should make things better this year.\"Potholes will be less this year. I don't know if they will be eliminated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14070570", "title": "Sarus crane habitat faces threat at Yeshwant Sagar", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the population of the Sarus crane is reportedly declining in the country, city's bird watchers have received another shock. The increasing number of tourists, intruders, stray animals and farming in the non-migratory crane's safe and vast habitat, Yeshwant Sagar reservoir, has upset their peaceful life besides affecting their breeding due to the destruction of nests and eggs at the reservoir. The rainy season is the breeding season of Saras crane.Renowned ornithologist Dr Asad Rahmani, in his book 'Potential and Existing Ramsar Sites in India,' had claimed that Yeshwantsagar housed about 170 Sarus cranes ( Grus antigone) a few years ago. At present, sources say that its population is reportedly under threat following the destruction of the nests and eggs.The bird lovers are fumed over the lax attitude of the authorities concerned in preserving the Sarus crane habitat and they came up with suggestions for its proper upkeep.\"The forest department should appoint more personnel to guard the Sarus habitation and it should make the local populace and farmers aware of the vulnerability of Sarus,\" says Ajay Gadikar, an avid bird lover and environmentalist. He warned that if indiscriminate destruction of Sarus nests and eggs is not stopped, this huge bird's population would dwindle fast.Gadikar claimed that there are about 30 to 40 Sarus cranes left at Yeshwant Sagar. \"I was dumbfounded by the count,\" he says adding the receding water-level during the summers has encouraged the farmers to utilise the land for farming rather than leaving it for the Sarus crane to endure. He said IUCN (Internaitonal Union for Conservation of Nature) has listed the bird under vulnerable category. \"About 10 years ago there were 170 sarus birds, but now the count has come down to 30,\" said Gadikar adding that the decline is because of the encroachment on water banks, uncontrolled fishing, increase in use of pesticides and fertilizers.\"Human interference in the bird habitat is becoming a biggest obstacle in the conservation of these birds. People should be made aware of how these birds help maintain a balance in our ecology,\" says Arun Kher another bird lover and environmentalist. \"Increase in the use of pesticides for agriculture activities has been affecting the breeding and the growth of the bird species,\" he says.On the contrary, president of \"Nature Volunteers\" Bhalu Mondhe says that the Sarus cranes enjoy protection from the farmers as they followed a traditional belief that it has a life-long bonding pair habitat. However, nowadays the farmers find that these birds and their eggs come as obstacles in their farming activities.\"The reservoir being close to the city attracts thousands of picnickers throughout the year and the pollution caused by them in various forms has been a threat to the survival of the Sarus cranes,\" he says adding that the local residents are always alert and inform the bird lovers if they see miscreants sneaking into the Sarus habitat.\"A large number of plastics bags, junk litter, immersion of plaster of Paris and other degradable and non- degradable garbage has been posing threat to the wetland habitat,\" he says.\"People believe that there have been various incidents of stealing Sarus eggs, besides the eggs are being destroyed by stray animals and get crushed by the tractors and the mowing machines,\" says Mondhe.Divisional forest officer Saeed Khan says that he would look into the complaints for destruction of sarus nests and eggs. \"There is no separate conservation rule for sarus, they are taken care under existing conservation laws,\" the officer adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14074171", "title": "6 months after Bombay Suburban Electric Supply discoms, Tata Power demands a bailout", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city will soon have to pay to bail out yet another private power distribution company (discom). Six months after the government infused fresh equity in Reliance discoms BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna to guarantee them a bank loan to tide over their liquidity crisis, Tata Power Delhi has written to the government seeking share capital infusion of Rs 245 crore.Tata Power Delhi CEO Praveer Sinha wrote to chief secretary PK Tripathi on June 6 regarding the government's in-principle approval for both promoters - Tata Power and the Delhi government - to raise Rs 500 crore as share capital in the ratio of their shareholdings. While the government's 49% share would be Rs 245 crore, Tata Power will raise the remaining Rs 255 crore.\"During the last few months, our liquidity position has been further strained and financial institutions/banks are shying away from fresh debt financing owing to the adverse debt-equity ratio and the general market sentiment of the power sector,\" said Sinha in his letter to Tripathi.Sinha told TOI: \"The government had offered this equity to us in January while giving the same to the BSES discoms. We had not exercised that option then and are doing so now. In January, we were still getting money from banks but now our debt-equity ratio has increased and we need the funds infusion.''Blaming \"unrealistic\" tariff for its financial situation, the discom said its board had decided on May 4 that both promoters - Delhi Power Company Ltd (the holding company under Delhi government) and Tata Power - will infuse fresh equity in the ratio of their share holdings to partly fund the revenue gap. Sinha said the revenue gap had crossed Rs 4,000 crore, as on May 31, 2012.In January, the Delhi government had given in to pressure from the discoms BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna and agreed to infuse equity worth Rs 500 crore in the two companies to bail them out of a liquidity crisis. The bailout was conditional on the discoms' private owners, Reliance Infra, matching it in accordance with their shareholding. For the cash-strapped companies, the government's consent to invest had cleared the way for a bank loan needed to make overdue payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14076866", "title": "Why are adult women living in minors' home? asks HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday questioned why two women were sent to a protection home in Chembur after a raid on an eatery when they are not minors.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi was hearing a petition filed by Andheri resident Sunithi Gowda (name changed) and her Delhibased sister Beena Dhavan (name changed). The petition said the two were attending a birthday party of Sunithi's businessman friend Mohan Tolani on June 5 at Masala Curry in Andheri, when the police raided the place. They were rounded before the Mazgaon magistrate, who allegedly sent them to Mahila Sudhar Griha. The sisters urged the HC to release them and direct the police to pay a compensation of Rs 1 crore each for \"illegally detaining them and defaming them as prostitutes\" when they are married with children.Additional public prosecutor Usha Kejriwal said the two were not arrested, as claimed, but were shown as victims. The women's advocate Anand Jondhale, however, maintained that the two \"are in police custody\". He said that, during the remand hearing, the magistrate did not mention anything about the women's rescue; in fact, Jondhale said, their bail plea was not entertained.The judges doubted if the magistrate could have passed a bail order when no arrests have been made. \"You (Jondhale) should know the difference between police custody and mahila ashram,\" said Justice Khanwilkar.Kejriwal submitted that messages by Tolani and a woman, Tina, were circulated for the party, saying, \"For those who want, there are 11 girls available.\" She said the eatery has no licence to run.\"A bogus customer was sent in before the raid,\" said Kejriwal. \"The 11, including these two, were there and dancing. They (the establishment) have no dancing floor permission. We made them victims and produced them before the magistrate, who sent them to the mahila ashram.\" But the judges sought to know why the sisters were sent to the home when \"they are not minors\".Meanwhile, on Tuesday, the autistic son of the older sister was taken to J J Hospital. \"The five-year-old is severely autistic and his aggression can be controlled only by his mother. After she was arrested, he was unable to deal with her prolonged absence and his health deteriorated. His relatives took him to hospital, where doctors advised them to watch him closely,\" said Jondhale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "while the entire mega clan was enjoying the sangeeth ceremony of mega star ram charan and upasana, a mishap took place at the venue. megastar chiranjeevi's grand daughter (sushmita's daughter) fell down from the building while playing and sustained injuries. onlookers, who saw this, immediately took her to the apollo hospital. this incident took place around 8", "code": "14083048", "title": "Chiranjeevi's Grand daughter Injured", "text": "While the entire mega clan was enjoying the sangeeth ceremony of mega star Ram Charan and Upasana, a mishap took place at the venue. Megastar Chiranjeevi's grand daughter (Sushmita's daughter) fell down from the building while playing and sustained injuries. Onlookers, who saw this, immediately took her to the Apollo hospital. This incident took place around 8:30 pm on June 11, 2012.Apollo Chairman Pratap Reddy, Chiranjeevi, Ram Charan and Allu Arjun rushed to the hospital to enquire about the girl's condition. Sources say that she was immediately given the first aid and was later shifted to ICU where she's currently undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14072128", "title": "Pay 50% less to install High Security Registration Plates", "text": "PANAJI: The cost of fixing High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) in Goa has been reduced by more than 50%, as compared to the previous price fixed by Shimnit Utsch.The transport department on Tuesday opened financial bids for fixing of HSRPs in Goa. As per the lowest bid, now, motorcycle owners will have to pay 242 for fixing an HSRP instead of the earlier 550, scooter owners will have to shell out 230 instead of 550, three-wheeler owners will have to spend 270 instead of 650, four-wheeler and passenger car owners will have to pay 415 instead of 1,200 and six-wheeler owners will have to pay 463 instead of 1,250.Speaking to TOI, transport director Arun Desai said, \"These are the lowest rates submitted by the bidders. Now, the tender evaluation committee will finalize the bidder and advise the government over awarding the tender. The process is likely to completed by next week.\"Desai said that a silent feature is that that the number plate is made up of a solid unit of 1.0mm aluminum. \"Each plate shall be protected against counterfeiting by applying a chromium-based hologram through hot stamping,\" he added.He also said that the number plate shall bear a permanent consecutive identification number of a minimum of seven digits to be laser-branded into the reflective sheeting, while the hot stamping film shall bear a verification inscription. Desai also said that the plate shall be fastened with a non-removable/non-reusable snap lock-fitting system on the rear of the vehicle.SGS technology from Kolkata and Utsav technology from Delhi qualified in the pre-qualification bid for fixing HSRPs in Goa. In April, the transport department has issued a fresh tender for the HSRP contract. The last date for submission of tenders was May 9. The government will sign a five-year contract with the successful bidder to implement the HSRP project in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077428", "title": "Petition seeks better medical facilities for Naxal Vivek", "text": "CHENNAI: Three weeks after the suspected Naxal leader, J Vivek, was arrested by police, his friend S Gopal has approached the Madras high court seeking better medical facitlity for him. It also sought his transfer to the Central Prison at Madurai from the Central Prison at Cuddalore.A division bench comprising Justice C Nagappan and Justice R Karuppiah has ordered notice to the home secretary and the Cuddalore Central Prison superintendent, and asked them to provide medical treatment to Vivek.In his petition, Gopal said Vivek was shifted from Madurai prison to Cuddalore without any proper reason and that he had been kept in solitary confinement at Cuddalore. Alleging that basic facilities were being denied to the Naxal leader, the petitioner said he was not being allowed to interact with other inmates.When he fell ill due to his hunger fast since June 6, he was not given proper treatment, he alleged, adding that Vivek's life was in danger due to lack of medical treatment. He wanted the court to direct the prison authorities to admit him at the government hospital at Cuddalore for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074615", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Elite &amp; Plate League could be history", "text": "MUMBAI: The sagging Ranji Trophy, India's premier domestic tournament, has finally received a much-needed shot in the arm. Ten years after the BCCI's technical committee, then headed by former India batsman Sunil Gavaskar, introduced the Elite and Plate Divisions to spruce up the tournament, ex-India captains Sourav Ganguly and Anil Kumble have done it again now, giving the format a new lease of life.The Elite and Plate Groups have been scrapped and instead, Ganguly and Kumble - members of BCCI's technical committee - have recommended that three tiers of nine teams each be formed. Kumble is a special invitee to this committee.The cricket fraternity has welcomed the recommendations. The primary reason is that with three tiers being formed to divide the existing 27 first class teams, each team - regardless of its ranking in the circuit - will get to play eight matches each every season. It will be a huge boost to the lesser competitive sides that have throughout the last ten years been rendered peripheral.In the existing format, eight teams play seven league matches each, seven teams play six league matches each and the remaining 12 (Plate Division teams) play five each.The new format will also ensure a promotion and relegation process is in place. Nine of the top 15 Elite teams will make for the first nine teams in Tier 'A' and the remaining six teams will make for Tier 'B' . Three top Plate teams - according to the rankings as per the season gone by - will be promoted as the other three teams in Tier 'B' . Tier 'C' will consist of the remaining nine Plate Division teams. Each season from here on, the top two teams from each tier will find themselves being promoted or relegated according to performances and standings . Each team will mandatorily play eight matches in the league stage.Three teams from Tier 'A' and 'B' and two from Tier 'C' will make it to the quarter-finals . The top four winning teams from these eight matches will make it to the semis and so on. Every knockout game will now be a five-day affair (presently quarters and semis are four-day matches). If a first innings lead has not been achieved by the fifth day, the match will be allowed to enter a sixth day. If an innings lead has still not been established, the winner of the match will be decided by the toss of a coin. As an incentive, the panel has also recommended that outright wins will now allow teams to rake in six points as opposed to the current five. A ten-wicket or an innings win will continue to ensure a bonus point for the winning team.These are only recommendations that have been presented by the panel comprising the former India captains . The BCCI's working committee will ratify these decisions when it meets next. No changes in the overall fee structure of domestic cricketers have been recommended.Respite for bowlersThe panel has recommended that bowlers be allowed two bouncers an over and for one bowler to have a 12-over quota in one-day matches. According to Kumble, who took into account the bowlers' perspective and suggested the 12-over idea, it will not only provide a better contest between the bat and ball, but also bring in more room for strategising.Calendar reshuffleThe domestic calendar has gone through a major reshuffle. The BCCI has retained the Duleep Trophy, which makes little sense considering that the Ranji gives domestic players enough opportunities to play the longer format . Duleep will now be played before the Ranji Trophy, which further makes the tournament redundant. As senior players put it, the board is continuing with the Duleep only for aesthetic reasons and for the fear of criticism \u2014 of scrapping historical tournaments in favour of money-making ones like IPL \u2014 which is bound to come their way if the Duleep is done away with.The Irani Trophy will now be played at the end of each season. As a result the 2012-13 season may see two Irani Trophy matches being played to compensate for Rajasthan's victory last season in the Ranji final. The Challenger Trophy format has also been changed. The winner of the Vijay Hazare Trophy will now be one of the three teams that play the Challenger.Pitch frenzyThe technical committee has now recommended that a ten-member committee will be formed to look into the pitches and ensure uniformity.PROPOSED CHANGESRANJI FORMATExisting format: 15 Teams in Elite forming two groups of Eight and Seven teams. 12 Teams making for the Plate Division; Recommended change: 27 teams be divided into three groups, instead of two in the existing Ranji formatMATCHES PER TEAMExisting teams: Eight teams play seven league matches each, seven teams play six matches each and remaining 12 (Plate Div teams) play five each; Recommended change: Each team gets to play a minimum of eight Ranji gamesKNOCKOUTSExisting format: All quarterfinal and semifinal matches are four-day affairs; Recommended change: All knockout games to be five-day fixtures, with an extra sixth day available to encourage resultBONUS POINTExisting format: Outright win worth five points Recommended change: Outright wins worth six points instead of fiveRESPITE FOR BOWLERSExisting format: Bowlers permitted one bouncer and 10 overs in one-dayers Recommended change: Bowlers permitted to bowl two bouncers an over; One bowler permitted to bowl 12 overs in one-dayers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14069483", "title": "Foreign GMs made to sweat at Mayor's Cup", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indians are putting up a brilliant show at the Mayor's Cup International Chess, in progress at the Chetana College, which has attracted 335 participants from 11 countries including approximately 16 GMs, 3 WGMs and 18 IMs.In a round 2 clash, Mumbai's Swapnil Kothari came close to a victory in a combinative game against GM Oliver Barbosa of Philippines. Barbosa, who had earlier won the Orissa GM tourney, defended well with the game ending in a draw.Round 4 saw top seed GM Aleksej Alexandrov of Belarus wriggle out with a draw against Praveen Kumar . Eighth-Seed GM Mark Paraguay of Philippines was shocked by T Purushothaman while 15th-seed GM Evgeny Podolchenko was stunned by C Natarajan.Rounds 5 and 6 saw Rakesh Kulkarni beat GM Attila and GM Barbosa, while 15-year old Mithil Ajgaonkar held GM Ziatdinov (Rd. 4) and GM Barbosa (Rd 8) to a close draw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "motihari ", "code": "14077604", "title": "DM orders probe into National Rural Health Mission funds bungle", "text": "MOTIHARI : East Champaran district magistrate Abhijit Sinha has ordered for a probe into the alleged misappropriation of Rs 6 crore by different functionaries including agencies, doctors, office assistants and district health society officers engaged in various health care projects being run under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), a Central government programme meant to improve health care in rural areas.The DM has constituted a three-member inquiry team consisting of senior deputy collector Birendra Kumar, district assistant treasury officer Kumar Rajesh and provident fund officer Rakesh Kumar, to inquire into the omission and commissions resulting into a huge loss to the exchequer. He added that on the basis of the inquiry committee report, stringent action will be taken against the wrong doers, as the state government is in no mood to tolerate such acts of financial indiscipline and corruption in welfare projects.Gross irregularities, illegality and embezzlement in the projects of NRHM has come to light following a departmental audit report of the State Health Society ,Bihar, which audited accounts of NRHM from July 2009 to till date and in the said period, two civil surgeons--Dr Biltu Paswan and Dr Kameshwar Mandal--were at the helm of affairs. After perusal of the audit report, secretary, health department-cum-executive director State Health Society Sanjay Kumar directed the DM, East Champaran, to get the matter enquired and take action against the guilty.The audit report (document of which are with TOI) is very much critical of a district work manager, who is said to have hired a private (not commercial) four-wheeler of his wife to engage in official work and paid Rs 2,14,000 lakh to her.The report further said that a sum of Rs 1,76,000 has been paid to different fake beneficiaries in different programmes for mother and child in PHC Chiraiya by the doctors concerned. Besides this, a sum of Rs 92 ,29,000 is shown to have been paid without actual supply of medicines and Rs 1 crore was misutilised by the doctors.In the same way, without any authority a sum of Rs 3 crore for child welfare programme has been diverted in alleged purchase of medicine and these medicines does not find any mention in the stock register.On the direction of DM, SDO of Pakaridayal Sanjay Verma has inquired into the papers related to corruption charges on an office assistant Vijay Kumar Verma of PHC Pakaridayal and found gross embezzlement over lakhs of rupees like payment on fake persons. SDO Verma said the cash book was also not updated. The police have arrested the office assistant and sent to jail.He is the first man who has been arrested in this NRHM scam. According to information, the said clerk was transferred from Pakaridayal PHC last year, but he continued to usurp money with the connivance of top health officers. This case is also being inquired by the district administration.A sum of Rs 6 crore meant for the Centre's National Rural Health Mission, is alleged to have been siphoned off by doctors, office assistants and district health society officers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14072669", "title": "Senior cop advices caution against investing in emu business", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have warned the public not to be taken in by advertisements that make tall claims regarding emu farming in the region. \"Investors should be cautious before entering into emu rearing business. They should not be misguided by advertisement campaign,\" said Asra Garg, superintendent of police, Tirupur, on Tuesday.The SP issued a press note and said emu rearing business has been spreading across the Tirupur district. Some of the emu farms have been advertising that those who invest Rs 1.50 lakh in the farms would get Rs 7,000 as revenue every month. Farms have been offering gold coins, incentives, two-wheelers, house hold articles as special prizes to lure investors. Investors are promised that they would also be returned the capital amount of Rs 1.50 lakh after two years.\"Some investors had approached me and complained that they were cheated by some emu farms. So, I wanted to alert the public, who may wish to invest in the emu bird business,\" said SP Asra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14070787", "title": "Chargesheet delays: Many accused in high-profile cases get bail", "text": "MUMBAI: On June 7, when the final two arrested men in the high-profile Adarsh Cooperative Housing Society case got bail, there was perhaps an air of inevitability about the proceedings. Only nine days earlier, the other seven had got bail for the same reason: the CBI had not filed the chargesheet within the stipulated 60 days. It was just the latest in a string of important cases in which investigators have missed the deadline to file the chargesheet. Among the other cases are the Nooriya Haveliwala drunken driving case of 2010, the missing Adarsh files case of 2011 and the 2008 Malegaon blasts case involving Lokesh Sharma. All these accused benefited from the investigating agencies' laxity.Legal experts say it is not just laxity and poor investigations that cause such delays. Political and other external pressure can also be responsible.In the Adarsh case, investigators thrice missed the deadline to file chargesheets. A magistrate granted bail to three urban development (UD) department staffers on July 5, 2011 in the missing files case. In the main Adarsh case, seven of the accused -- including serving and retired bureaucrats and military officers -- got bail on May 29, while the remaining two -- former civic chief of Mumbai Jairaj Phatak and former UD principal secretary Ramanand Tiwari -- walked out on June 7.Y P Singh, advocate and former IPS officer, said that since investigations had been on for about 15 months, the CBI had ample time to file the Adarsh chargesheet. Singh, who is representing the petitioner in the separate Adarsh PIL, said, \"Such a thing probably happened because of political pressure as two Union ministers are also being investigated. It is more than apparent that in such situations even officers become helpless despite diligent investigation.\"Similar sentiments were also echoed by a public prosecutor, who didn't want to be named. He said, \"It is obvious in this case that there has been external pressure.\"Experts also blamed lackadaisical police investigations. \"Investigating officers must realize that the clock starts ticking when arrests are made and there are only a limited number of days to file the chargesheet,\" said the prosecutor. More pertinently, he added, \"In several cases, instead of gathering sufficient evidence in the pre-arrest stage, the arrests are first made and then evidence is looked for.\"Referring to the Adarsh case, Singh said it was a clear and simple case of misuse of official position by the accused. \"Even a more complicated chargesheet, like the one for the 2G scam, was filed within time and in parts.\"On March 31, 2010, a magistrate granted bail to US citizen and Colaba resident Nooria Haveliwala, who is accused of killing a traffic policeman and a biker while driving under the influence of alcohol and drugs in the early hours of January 30, 2010. After spending two months in Byculla jail, the beautician got bail as there was no chargesheet. More recently, on June 5, 2012, Lokesh Sharma, an accused in the 2008 Malegaon blasts case, was granted bail by a special MCOCA court after the National Investigation Agency failed to file a chargesheet in 90 days.Noted criminal lawyer Amin Solkar said agreements between the accused and police could lead to such situations. \"Negligence on part of the investigating officer, unaccountability and slow investigations are also causes,\" he said. \"Senior officers also need to keep tabs on junior officers.\"He further stated that while evidence may be voluminous in some cases, it is no reason for a chargesheet to be delayed without adequate reason. \"The 26/11 Mumbai attacks case had one of the biggest chargesheets. However, evidence was collected from various places and the chargesheet filed within 90 days,\" he said.Some also said that it is sometimes important to keep an accused in jail because they may influence the case if released. But special public prosecutor Rohini Salian said, \"This may be the case sometimes, but not always, as it depends on the case. The fear of tampering with evidence and influencing investigations also exists when the accused are in jail.\" Criminal lawyer Majeed Memon said, \"There is always an apprehension that the accused could tamper with evidence. That is why the police also consider the status, power, influence and conduct of the accused while opposing bail.\"Salian said there are cases in which the prosecutor does an independent review of a case and, if it is seen that there is no need for further custody, bail is not opposed.A repercussion of not filing the chargesheet on time is a delay in the trial. Criminal lawyer Majeed Memon said, \"The urgency of having the accused in custody ceases and the trial may take longer to commence.\" Singh added, \"But in such situations the merit and severity of charges get dampened. Section 173 of the CrPC, which calls for completing the case without unnecessary delay, gets violated,\" Singh added.However, Memon added that all may not be lost. \"People are generally under the misconception that bail means acquittal. This is hardly any indication of the result. Just as custody may not result in conviction, bail does not necessarily result in acquittal,\" he said.Times ViewThe delay in filing chargesheets shows investigating agencies in extremely poor light. Some of these cases have hit headlines nationally (Adarsh and Malegaon) and some deal with law-and-order problems that are critical to the city (driving after drinking). Such delays lead to questions about the investigating agency's will in closing a case quickly. Agencies, both local and national, need to think of the impact such delay may have not only on the cases undergoing trial but also the message it sends out to the accused in other similarly sensitive cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14070378", "title": "Anna gives PM clean chit, but wants Coalgate probed", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Tuesday said that he was sure that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh did not make any money during the allocation of coal blocks in 2006-09 but reiterated his demand for an independent inquiry into the 'coalgate'. Hazare also refuted charges that his anti-corruption movement was receiving foreign funds.Addressing a news conference at his native village Ralegan Siddhi, Hazare reiterated the demand for an independent inquiry into the alleged coal allocation scam between 2006 and 2009, when Manmohan Singh was the coal minister.Hazare said, \"We do not say that Singh is corrupt. We are confident that he has not made money for himself when the coal blocks were allocated. But the matter needs to be investigated to find where the money has gone and who have benefited.\"\"If the government does not conduct a probe, it would look as if they are trying to avoid it,\" Hazare said.\"It is now known that about 43 coal blocks were allotted before Singh took over the coal ministry. However, about 155 blocks were allotted during his tenure. The government could have earned more money if the blocks had been allotted through auction. When the government has suffered huge losses, why a probe is not being conducted against the people who have benefited?\"Reacting to the remarks labelling his team members as anti-national, and allegations of foreign funding to his movement, Hazare asked why the government was not coming up with details as to which external force was behind his movement.\"Some ministers are intentionally trying to mislead the society and the anti-corruption movement by calling Team Anna anti-national and alleging that the team has received foreign funds. If I am anti-national, then why don't they put me in jail?\" asked Hazare.\"They feel that by passing such remarks they will divert the people's attention from the Jan Lokpal movement and the fight against black money,\" Hazare said.He said that it could have been understood if the remark about being anti-national had come from a common man. \"But it is really disappointing when the Prime Minister's office calls these people, who are fighting against corruption, anti-national. The ministers have levelled charges that the movement has foreign funding. However, no details are given,\" he said.Hazare also rubbished the allegations that evidence was not submitted to substantiate the charges of corruption levelled against 14 Union ministers. The files about the charges were given to the Prime Minister's office and also to Congress president Sonia Gandhi , he added.The government was not serious about bringing a strong Lokpal bill to restrict corruption, he said. The government's intentions about the bill are not good. The people have been fighting for the last one-and-a-half years. However, no steps have been taken to pass the bill, he added.Hazare said that a nationwide agitation will start on July 25. \"I will be at the Ramlila maidan in Delhi and the people will be on the streets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075138", "title": "Three held for killing doctor", "text": "BANGALORE: A 60-year-old ayurvedic doctor's pursuit of the mythical rice-pulling vessel, believed to have the ability to heal major illnesses, resulted in his murder, allegedly by three youths.The youths confessed to having killed Dr Nagendra Gupta, a resident of Girinagar, after luring him with the promise of getting him a ricepulling vessel.The trio took the doctor in a car on May 18. A few days later, his body was found in Mulbagal taluk of Kolar district. The body could be identified on the basis of a visiting card in his trouser pocket. \"The three took the doctor's money and chloroformed him. But there was an overdose, resulting in Gupta dying on the way to Kolar,'' police said.The arrested are Seena alias Srinivasa, 27, of Vellore in Tamil Nadu, P Shankar, 35, of Basaveshwaranagar, and Naga alias Nagaraju, 37, of Ramanjaneya Layout, Marathahalli.The rice-pulling vessel is made of copper that can exert 'magnetic force' on rice and change its colour, and also heal major illnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14069668", "title": "Seven jawans collapse at parade", "text": "VADODARA: Heat took its toll on cadets set to pass out from Police Training School (PTS) here in the presence of chief minister Narendra Modi. The cadets collapsed on the ground during the event and had to be removed from the place for a brief treatment by a doctor at the school.It was for the first time in the history of the school since 1955 that a chief minister was attending the passing out parade, but the affairs were dominated by the event of cadets collapsing. As many as seven cadets were affected by the intense heat and humidity on Tuesday.Some of these cadets collapsed even as Modi was addressing them. PTS principal I M Desai said while the incident did take place, it was not abnormal. \"This happens at times due to extreme heat and humidity. The jawans were on their feet in a short time and even got themselves clicked in group photographs,\" Desai said.In all 419 Lokrakshak cadets participated in the passing out parade including 43 women cadets. The personnel, include 41 who have post-graduate degrees, 169 graduates and 209 under graduates.Modi said the state police force was the youngest in the country. He also highlighted the fact that a high number of women had joined the force. Modi said the process for recruitment was also transparent. He also gave away awards to the best cadets in different categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14070324", "title": "Does free entry mean prostitution?", "text": "MUMBAI: Meeting clients, brainstorming for ad campaigns, a quiet dinner with family, and unwinding over drinks with friends. This is how Meghna Shetty, an advertising professional, describes an average day. Her day may be innocent for most Mumbaikars, but \u2014 going by the reasoning employed by the city's newest gatekeeper of morality, assistant police commissioner Vasant Dhoble \u2014 it may be deemed 'immoral'.Earlier this month, Dhoble and his hockey-stick-happy Social Service Branch busted Masala Curry in Oshiwara and detained 11 women on suspicion of being involved in prostitution. Of these 11, two women \u2014 Anamika Rao and Bindiya Handa \u2014 have now moved the Bombay high court, seeking a compensation of Rs 1 crore each for wrongful detention and defamation.Dhoble justified his actions on June 5 by stating that the \"birthday party\" at Masala Curry was a front for prostitution. \"The men at the party were charged Rs 3,000 for entry, while the women were allowed entry free,\" Dhoble reportedly said.If Dhoble is tempted to link free entry into a restaurant with being a sex worker, he may be surprised to know that even expatriates, bankers and celebrities are offered admission gratis at eateries, nightclubs and pubs on particular nights. More importantly, free entry for women is a tried-and-tested marketing formula in India and around the world.From Firangi Paani in Bandra and Andheri to Tote on the Turf in Mahalaxmi and Headquarters in Colaba, most nightclubs have assigned nights \u2014 usually through the week when footfalls are few \u2014 to attract women patrons.\"Mondays and Wednesday are Ladies Nights. On these two days, any woman walking into the restaurant between 6pm and 9.30pm will get up to four complimentary drinks; wine and white spirits are what we serve. In terms of turnout, Mondays are not too special but on Wednesdays both our branches receive as many as 150 to 200 women,\" says Vittal Shetty, manager at Firangi Paani. At Tote too, women are served up free drinks till 10pm every Wednesday and entry is free throughout the week.\"To link free entry with prostitution only reflects this cop's despicable mentality. I'm not sure what to think,\" says the owner of a nightclub in Central Mumbai, who requested anonymity.Media professional Simran Sathe calls Dhoble \"reprehensibly chauvinistic\". \"My friends and I go to Firangi Paani all the time for the free drinks. Surely the police need to look into more details before they accuse women of prostitution. Free entry and drinks are preposterous criteria,\" she says.India's most famous bartender Shatbhi Basu adds, \"We are constantly struggling against obsolete laws. In Maharashtra, for instance, women can't work in bars post 9.30pm. I didn't know of this law for the longest time and continued to work past 'deadline'. Under current circumstances, Dhoble could well turn up at a bar and charge a woman bartender working beyond the official deadline with prostitution.\"In 2011, the Bombay high court dismissed several petitions filed by the city's bar and restaurant owners, challenging the 9.30pm deadline for waitresses and women bartenders.\"It's a vicious cycle: the laws are obsolete, so everyone's comfortable bribing and breaking them. The law is only making it possible for power-crazy and moralists like Dhoble to function with ease. We're going backwards,\" concludes Basu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14076451", "title": "Gang of chain snatchers held, 16 cases cracked", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police on Tuesday claimed to have detected 16 cases of chain snatching in the city following the arrest of a gang of five suspects. They recovered 280 gram of gold and four motorcycles amounting to Rs 14.54 lakh from them.Four jewellers were also arrested for allegedly purchasing the stolen gold from the suspects. A police team led by senior police inspector of the Hadapsar police station Raghunath Jadhav made the arrests recently.The suspects are Sunny alias Himmat Nana Chaudhari (20) from Jalgaon district, Ramakant alias Ramesh Prabhakar Jadhav (23) from Yermala in Osmanabad district, Dheeraj Ashok Jain (22) and Sachin Gulab Wagh (26) both of Chopda in Jalgaon district and Rahul Vijay Bhavsar (25) of Nashik , all currently residing at Chakrapani Vasahat in Bhosari.Speaking to TOI Jadhav said investigations into a robbery that took place in March led to Chaudhari's arrest on June 7. He had robbed a youth of two cellphones and Rs 35,000 cash.\"During sustained interrogation , Chaudhari revealed that along with his accomplices Ramesh Jadhav and others, he had committed several chain snatching crimes in the city. Jadhav had gone to Yermala to sell the gold chains snatched in the first week of June,\" Jadhav said.A team nabbed Jadhav in Yermala . \"He admitted to his involvement in the chain snatching crimes in Pune and revealed the names of three accomplices and those of jewellers who had purchased the gold chains,\" Jadhav added.They then arrested Jain, Bhavsar and Wagh. \"We have also arrested jewellers Balasaheb Mahamuni of Osmanabad, Nandakumar Patil of Barshi in Solapur district, Chandrakant Bhandari of Junnar and Dinesh Verma of Hadapsar,\" he said.Interrogation revealed that they had been snatching chains in the city since October 2011. \"So far, they have admitted to their involvement in 16 chain-snatching crimes in the city,\" Jadhav said.Ramesh Jadhav is an expert motorcyclist. \"He would steal motorcycles from parking lots and change the number plates. He would ride the motorcycle, while Wagh, Chaudhari, Bhavsar or Jain riding pillion would snatch the chains,\" inspector Jadhav said.They would ensure that the woman was walking alone. \"They would approach her, snatch the gold chain and flee. Since they wore helmets, the victims were not able to identify them. Only in one case did they ask the victim for an address,\" Jadhav said.All five suspects had met in a matka den at Bhosari last year where Jadhav was a bookie. \"They formed a gang to snatch chains. We are checking whether the suspects had any previous records. We have found that Jain has three cases registered against him in Jalgaon district .\" Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar has announced a reward for the team comprising sub-inspectors Dattatreya Darade, Yuvraj Nandre, constables Fattesinh Gaikwad, Mahesh Waghmare, Rahul Shinde, Bharat Ransingh &amp; Vishal Bhilare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075556", "title": "Plans fall apart, all pumps stay shut", "text": "BANGALORE: Citizens were left high and dry when the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) shut all its pumps on Tuesday. Those not having a sump or borewell or rainwater harvesting system were the worst hit. Not a drop of water flowed from taps in some areas like Byappanahalli, Kasturinagar, Kalyan Nagar and HAL Stages II and III.The dry spell cast its shadow on citizens throughout the day despite BWSSB's promise to restore water supply in most parts of southern, central and western Bangalore by evening.Nothing went as per plan and now West Bangalore and Koramangala will get water only by Wednesday noon, officials said.Left in the lurch, citizens realized the importance of installing rainwater harvesting system or a borewell/sump for storage.\"I did not get a single drop of water since Monday. Those with borewells will manage to survive this crisis. I have a small sump and stored water for today. I don't know how to manage the household with two children without water,\" said Neena Jose, homemaker and resident of New Byappanahalli Extension.Ditto for Akshay Mallapa, staying in Defence Colony, Indiranagar, where private tanker water cost a bomb on Tuesday. \"I did not get water from early morning and had to call the tanker. The suppliers came only after threefour hours, charging no less than Rs 360 for 1,000 litres. They are cashing in on residents' helplessness,\" he said.Jayshree Srinivasan, resident of SVK Layout, Basaveshwaranagar, managed with borewell water but her neighbours had a tough time. \"Most of them had to frantically call tanker water suppliers.Some requested us to share water if the dry spell continues,\" she said. Nithya, resident of Jayanagar 5th Block, said there was no water in her house since morning. A harried Latha Rao of LIC Colony in Jeevan Bima Nagar said:\"Water flow has been erratic. I heard a few neighbours did not get water at all because private tankers were busy too. Where will they get water when it hasn't rained a drop in Bangalore?\" she asked.\"Our apartments have storage facility and most of the time we get water from private tankers. We have repeatedly complained to the corporator but he says we should be happy to get supply every two days from the BWSSB than not getting at all. Residents have managed today but if it continues tomorrow and there is no rain, we'll be in trouble,\" said KS Mani, president, ITI Layout Resident Welfare Association, Mathikere.WHAT WAS PLANNEDBWSSB had earlier proposed to shut down all stages (1-4 ) of Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) from Tuesday 10am and switch on pumps of stages 1 and 2 at 4pm and stage 3 at 6pm. This would have restored supply to most parts of southern, western, central and north Bangalore by Tuesday itself. However, the plan to bring back Cauvery stage 4 phase 1 by Wednesday 4am remains as it is, and efforts are being made to complete works as per the publicized schedule, the board said.LAST- MINUTE CHANGES Till Monday, BWSSB had plans to restore supply as and when works on each pumping station got over and promised to resume supply to southern, western, and central parts of Bangalore by Tuesday evening. But that was not to b, and the board was forced to change the schedule.\"Major works in linking pipelines were over, as planned. But some rectification work is still on in all pumping stations near TK halli, Harohalli and Tatguni. We will try to switch on the pumps by night,\" T Venkataraju, engineer-in-chief, BWSSB, told TOI.The board promised to restore supply by late night in Kumarswamy Layout, Padmanabhanagar, Jayanagar, Banashankari, JP Nagar, Basavanagudi, Gandhi Bazaar, Byrasandra, Ulsoor, Vasanthnagar, VV Puram, Mavalli, Chamarajpet, Malleswaram, Yeshwantpur and parts of Indiranagar and HAL. \"Water supply to Koramangala and West Bangalore, including Mysore Road, Kengeri, Magadi Road, VIjayanagar, Rajajinagar, Kamakshipalya, Peenya and Hesaraghatta will be restored only by Wednesday morning,\" said Venkataraju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069846", "title": "HC reserves order on SEBI official\u2019s remand", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has kept its order reserved till Thursday on the CBI application demanding further remand of Avarjeet Singh, a senior official of Securities and Exchange Bureau of India (SEBI).Working as deputy general manager with SEBI, Singh was allegedly caught red-handed accepting bribe in Delhi in lieu of wiping off charges against a stock broker who is an accused in the global depository receipt (GDR) scam. After arrested, Singh was brought to Ahmedabad and a CBI court sent him to three days' remand.When magisterial court refused further remand of Singh, CBI moved the HC demanding remand of at least seven days. CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani contended that Singh could be a part of larger network and by interrogating, more people could be brought in legal net.He also submitted that if further remand is denied, it would gravely affect the investigation. The probe agency is yet to recover Singh's mobile phone, which could reveal his contacts. The CBI also contended that at least a week's time was required in order to take Singh to Delhi for the purpose of recovery. Singh's counsel vehemently opposed the agency's demand.After hearing both the parties, justice R H Shukla kept Thursday for order in this case. Besides Singh, a company secretary Ashok Mehta was also arrested from Ahmedabad in the same case. Mehta was remanded for five days.The duo was arrested after a promoter of Ahmedabad-based trading company S V Enterprise, Sarfaraz Khan lodged a complaint with the CBI. SV Enterprise and several other broking firms and investors were restricted from engaging in stock-market transactions by SEBI last September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070877", "title": "Three sustain acid burns as families clash", "text": "JAIPUR: Three members of two different families living in adjoining flats sustained severe burn injuries when they used some acid-like substance during their late night clash in Vidhyadhar Nagar on Monday. Police said the clash took place over a petty issue and they are yet to determine the nature of the substance that was used during the quarrel. Both sides have lodged FIRs after the clash.Police said one of the three persons sustained about 40 per cent burn injuries and his condition is critical. Sources said all persons involved in the clash come from influential families. Sources said Durga Singh and Anshuman are relatives of two MLAs, while Nanda Devi is an office bearer of a dalit community organization. She has fought assembly elections twice.According to Shashtri Nagar ACP Lovely Katiyar, the clash took place between two youths - Durga Singh and Anshuman - and a family belonging to one Prakash Chand and his wife Nanda Devi.The clash took place around 11 pm on Monday. \"Their flats are situated in a government residential colony for CPWD employees in Vidhyadhar Nagar's Sector-2,\" Katiyar said.She informed that the two families were at loggerheads for a long time. \"The Monday night clash took place over a petty issue concerning a cooler stand. Both sides are leveling different allegations against each-other,\" the officer said.Katiyar said one of the groups used some acid-like substance. \"Three persons Durga Singh, Anshuman and Nanda Devi sustained burn injuries. One of the youths got about 40 per cent burns. Some neighbours informed the police control room about the clash following which teams were rushed to the spot,\" the officer said.\"Investigation is on to determine who was at fault during the clash,' the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14085243", "title": "Husbands In Goa", "text": "CreditsFilm : Husbands In Goa Director : Saji Surendran Produced By : Ronnie Screwwala Written By : Krishna Poojapura Starcast : Asif Ali, Jayasurya, Indrajith, Lal Music By : MG SreekumarSynopsis : The film follows the journey of three young men, who flee from their wives, for a vacation to the international tourist-destination Goa. During the trip, they become friends with a immature youthful older man, who is on the verge of a divorce. The film explores their time in Goa, the people they meet and a turn of events occur when they encounter their wives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14070867", "title": "Shehla a victim of \u2018political rivalry\u2019", "text": "INDORE: In a new twist to the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder, father of slain activist Sultan Masood has said that his daughter nurtured political ambitions and was a victim of 'political rivalry'. This was revealed by noted criminal lawyer advocate Majeed Memon, who will be representing the Masood family in the case.Talking to TOI over phone from Mumbai, Memon said, Shehla's father believes that she was exploring the possibility of contesting the 2013 assembly elections from Bhopal South assembly constituency- a seat represented by Dhruv Narayan Singh. Moreover, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has in its chargesheet ignored the fact that the slain RTI activist was going to take part in a nation-wide protest launched by the anti-graft Anna Hazare in August 16, 2011, the day she was shot dead, he said.Memon stated that the CBI investigation was carried out with the view to deviate the case from truth and protect certain 'persons.' CBI theory of murder also admits that Dhruv Narayan Singh was the reason and central character in the entire episode, but despite this, his name doesn't figure in the chargesheet.Pointing at the inconsistency in investigation and chargesheet, Memon said the MLA had filed an application in the court putting on record that the polygraph test was not conducted on him on account of health, which was denied by the CBI before the court later. However, the charge-sheet does not have lie-detector test report. Call details of Shehla Masood and Dhruv Narayan Singh was also not placed before the court, which can throw light on the real truth of the case.Advocate Memon further said that to add to all this 'bold disclosure' by the prime accused in the case Zahida Parvez on Monday has revealed how CBI managed things and how she and her family were threatened by the investigating agency. \"All this makes out a strong case for further investigation by different set of officials who would continue further probe purely with a view to uncertain the truth in the case,\" Advocate Memon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072491", "title": "Proposal to set up new fire station in Ambad industrial area", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) plans to set up its own fire station in Nashik city. This will be the first fire station of the MIDC in the city, as all other fire stations are operated by the Nashik Municipal Corporation. The new station will be set up in the Ambad industrial area of MIDC.The Nashik regional office of the MIDC had recently sent a proposal for setting up the new fire station in the Ambad MIDC in the city to the fire department of MIDC in Mumbai. Accordingly, the Mumbai department has given its go- ahead to the proposal. The plan has now been forwarded to the MIDC chief executive officer in Mumbai for his final approval.The procedure to set up the new station will begin once this final approval is obtained from Mumbai.\"There has been a demand over the past few years, by industries to have separate fire brigade station in Ambad MIDC. We had sent the proposal to our (MIDC's) Fire Department for consent. The department has given its consent and sent a proposal to the CEO for its final approval. Land for the new station will be identified once we get the final approval of the CEO,\" a senior MIDC official said under conditions of anonymity.Suresh Mali, president, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) said, \"A separate fire station for industrial area of Nashik has been our long pending demand. In case of a fire, it takes time for (NMC) fire tenders to reach Ambad MIDC from fire stations in the city. Some units in Ambad MIDC, which have experienced fires during the last one-and-a-half years were adversely impacted and suffered losses due to fire tenders not reaching the spots promptly. Our objective has been to avoid such situations in the future because of which we sought the MIDC's assistance and have been asking them to set up a separate fire station in Ambad MIDC.\"There are two industrial areas of MIDC, at Satpur and Ambad, which are within the jurisdiction of the NMC. Both areas contain close to 4,500 micro, small, medium and large industries. There is only one fire station, in Satpur MIDC, which is run by the NMC to service both Satpur and Ambad industrial areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14069608", "title": "Global investors' meet to boost local employment: Sadananda Gowda", "text": "MANGALORE: With GIM 2012 eliciting some humongous figures on proposed investments lined up for various parts of the state, the focus now shifts to translating them into reality. A major expectation from any such event is the potential employment generation opportunities that are likely to be generated. Seeking to realise this potential for Kannadigas in Karnataka is the state government which is banking on recommendations of Sarojini Mahisi report.The government's guesstimate is that GIM 2012 is likely to generate 10 lakh employment opportunities - direct and indirect - in various sectors that have elicited investments. Going by general thumb rule, CM DV Sadananda Gowda feels that IT/BT and automobile sectors are the areas that will generate most employment opportunities. \"It is here that government feels that protecting interests of local youths is of utmost importance,\" he said.CM told TOI that investors have been told on the need to adhere to Sarojini Mahishi report. \"There is general feeling among employers that locals do not have skills commensurate to job opportunities,\" he said. It is here that Karnataka Vocational Training and Skill Development Corporation (KVTSDC) Ltd headed by CM himself gains prominence. \"We are using KVTSDC to ramp up skills of our youth to meet current job profiles,\" he said. J R Bangera, president, FKCC, said that preference should be given to locals. \"If there is a dearth of talent in the state, then we should look outside.\"Acknowledging the role played by Union labour ministry in helping out state initiatives in enhancing the employability levels of local youths, the CM said if things fall in place around 80% of the job opportunities created in GIM 2012 will go to Kannadigas. MN Vidyashanker, principal secretary, commerce and industry told TOI that department and project-wise data entry work on job opportunities created by GIM 2010 and 2012 is already underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14085118", "title": "Kya Huaa not less than a Bollywood film: Pawan Shankar", "text": "Pawan Shankar, who plays Pradeep in Balaji Telefilms' Kya Huaa Tera Vaada on Sony TV, is one happy man.Pawan believes that playing Pradeep on the show is a dream come true for him as he considers it to be a dream role that anybody would die to have. Says Pradeep, \"Ekta is such a fantastic producer and no film worldwide could have given me this recognition and this sort of break in my career\".But Pradeep's character is not all negative. \"Recently I was in Coimbatore having lunch with a friend and people recognized me and were discussing my character and it felt so good. You see, what happens to Pradeep on the show happens in real life. He's a nice guy who is confused and who has made a mistake\".Adds Pawan, \"People don't hate Pradeep. They never say he's the villain and oust him from the show. Fans want to see him back with Mona\". With a dream cast and a dream role, how is the experience on sets? \"Everyone's so warm on the sets and we also have lunch together sometimes. The whole experience has been so wonderful with such a fantastic director, dialogue writer and co-actors. Mouli is a natural while Mona is extremely talented\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074005", "title": "Thieves break into 2 liquor vends, scoot off with Rs 1 lakh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unidentified youths have robbed and burgled around Rs 1 lakh from two liquor vends in sectors 22 and 54 in wee hours of Tuesday. In one of the incidents, vend employees were made hostage on gunpoint and threatened with dire consequences in Sector 54. Both the incidents were reported between 4am and 4.30am. Meanwhile, a wine shop was also burgled using the same modus operandi in Ramdarbar near Sector 31, two days ago.Rakesh Kumar, an employee of a liquor vend in Sector 22, said, \"Four youths arrived in Mahindra Pickup van and two of them broke the shutter locks with iron rods. One of them entered the vend and broke open the cash box and decamped with over Rs 50,000 in cash.\"Kumar said when incident took place, two employees were sleeping inside the tavern, located on the rare of vend, but before they could do anything, thieves escaped from the spot.In yet another incident, three scooterists targeted a liquor vend in Sector 54 and robbed around Rs 45,000 at gunpoint around 4am. Tara Chand, a vend employee and eyewitness of the incident, said, \"One of the youths was carrying pistol and two of them broke the shutter locks. Barely in five minutes they were out with booty to commit robbery and police was informed when they have been escaped.\" Police officials said prima facie it seems a particular gang is behind both the incidents. Kamlesh Jha of Ramdarbar also lodged an FIR alleging unidentified persons stole Rs 31,050 from his wine shop on June 10. Jha also claimed thieves also took away four cases of IMFL liquor. A case was registered at Sector 31 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074233", "title": "BEST suffered over 1 cr loss on May 31 Bharat Bandh", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST incurred losses to the tune of over Rs 1 crore during the Bharat Bandh called by the BJP and allies on May 31.The BEST meeting on Tuesday was stormy with members debating as to who should foot the bill. While the Congress pointed fingers at the Shiv Sena-BJP and demanded that the transport body should recover its losses from the ruling party, the latter held the Congress responsible for the bandh and the subsequent damage to buses.Said Congress member Ravi Raja, \"It is shameful that 156 buses were damaged by the political parties which rule the BEST undertaking. They should pay for the Rs 1.08 crore losses.\"The BEST report stated that 210 glass panes were broken in 156 buses across the island city and suburbs, and the losses were pegged at around Rs 2.97 lakh. Besides, the losses due to reduction in ticket sales on that day was about Rs 1.05 crore, the report stated.BJP's Dilip Patel said, \"The bandh is justified. Because of the aggressive attitude of BJP and allies, the government bowed down to pressure and brought down the petrol prices by Rs 2.\"Sena committee member Suhas Samant alleged that the Congress government at the Centre was responsible for the public outcry on May 31. \"The aam aadmi was on the road raising slogans and pelting stones at buses,\" he said. He added that after learning about the bus damage on the morning of May 31, he had called up the control room and asked them to withdraw buses from the roads. \"But this was not done and we incurred huge losses,\" Samant stated.Another committee member also held the Congress government responsible for the bandh and said the sum should be recovered from them. But Congress member Geeta Yadav told the Sena-BJP members, \"If they are protesting a petrol price hike, they can do it peacefully. How can you damage public property and that too your own buses?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14086458", "title": "Katherin Heigl turns into zombie mum", "text": "Katherine Heigl has revealed that her infant daughter turned her into a zombie.The actress and her husband Josh Kelley already have a three-year-old adopted daughter named Naleigh, who was 9-months-old when she was welcomed into their family.But the arrival of baby infant 'Adalaide' earlier this year has brought a few surprises for the 33-year-old actress.\"I had never had a newborn before,\" the Daily Express quoted her as saying.\"I didn't really have that experience. I was prepared for the nights and having to get up and all of that.\"But the beauty of it is it's really only a few months of your life that you're walking around like a zombie because you haven't slept. I think it's far more chaotic than I anticipated,\" she said.\"I think it's far more chaotic than I anticipated. And I think every parent probably says that and every parent tries to warn new parents about it.\"And we all go, 'Pish posh, it's going to be fine. What's one more,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14071065", "title": "Order for speedy renovation of Asi Ghat", "text": "VARANASI: The uprooted stone planks at several places of Asi Ghat and the slow pace of renovation and beautification going on there had disappointed the divisional commissioner.The commissioner inspected the renovation work of Asi ghat, construction of BHU-Samne Ghat road, Samne Ghat Ramnagar bridge and Solid Waste Management (SWM) plant on Tuesday. He directed the aurthorities concerned to complete the renovation work and maintaining its quality. The official expressed concern over tardy pace of construction going on at BHU-Samne Ghat road.He came to know that only 265 mt of garbage was collected by A2Z from various areas of the district on Monday, instead of 650 mt and saw the unfinished construction of switch and administration rooms at Solid Waste Management (SWM) plant in Kadsada. The commissioner gave a tentative deadline of 15 days to complete the pending work and check regularity in collection of garbage from all the areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071995", "title": "Fasal murder: CBI names Karayis", "text": "KOCHI: Local CPM leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan were the masterminds behind political murders in Thalassery, says the chargesheet filed by the CBI special team in Fasal murder case on Tuesday. The special team, probing the murder of NDF worker Muhammed Fasal, submitted the chargesheet before the Ernakulam chief judicial magistrate court with CPM's local leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan arrayed as accused along with six others.The chargesheet filed by CBI's Thiruvananthapuram unit inspector CM Salim has named MK Sunil Kumar alias Kodi Suni from Chokli as the prime accused. CPM's former Kannur district secretariat member Karayi Rajan and Thiruvangad local committee secretary Karayi Chandrasekharan have been named as accused number 7 and 8, respectively, in the case.Fasal, who was an activist of CPM, had reportedly ditched the party to join NDF. He was hacked to death by motorcycle-borne assailants on October 22, 2006 at Muzhuppilangad near Thalassery. According to CBI, Fasal was killed by CPM due to political animosity after he shifted allegiance to NDF and lured young CPM members to NDF. The murder happened after a conspiracy was hatched by local CPM committee to eliminate Fasal, CBI stated in the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071992", "title": "UP Assembly passes bill to withdraw promotion quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: A bill seeking to withdraw reservation in promotions in state government jobs in Uttar Pradesh was passed by the state Assembly amid pandemonium on Tuesday.The UP Public Service (SCs, STs and OBCs Reservation) Amendment Bill, 2012, was passed by voice vote amid unruly scenes by the opposition BSP, whose members trooped into the well shouting slogans against the Samajwadi Party government. The bill envisages withdrawing reservation in promotions in state government jobs, a provision made by the Mayawati government and subsequently set aside by the Supreme Court.The apex court had in April quashed the then Uttar Pradesh government's decision to provide reservation benefits for SCs, STs and OBCs in promotions saying the state failed to furnish sufficient valid data to justify the move to promote employees on caste basis. Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075051", "title": "35% chemists in Maharashtra flout abortion drug norms: Food and Drug Administration", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 35% of drug retailers and wholesalers in the state were found flouting norms claims the Food and Drug Administration , which launched a crackdown following cases of female feticide in Beed.Out of the 954 retailers and wholesalers inspected in the last six days, 340 were served show-cause notices for irregularities in maintaining records and selling abortion drugs without a prescription. Eighty-eight chemists in the Konkan region were served show-cause notices. Sixty-five chemists in Pune, 50 in Amravati, 46 in Aurangabad and 29 in Mumbai received notices.\"Our drive exposed how many chemists were not following any norms. The law stipulates that chemists have to document the contact details of doctors and patients,\" said FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade. There are 76,000 such establishments in the state. FIRs have been filed against five chemists in Beed and one in Aurangabad. \"We are in the process of lodging more FIRs against two dealers in Amravati and one in Jalgaon,\" said Zagade.\"A dealer in Pune, Great India Pharmaceuticals, sold around 12,490 tablets to a retailer who was operating without a licence,\" he added. \"Records of 96 doctors who directly purchased medicines have been inspected,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073454", "title": "'File affidavit on voice sample of judge's kin'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Tuesday directed the CBI to file an affidavit on why it sent the voice sample of Manisha Mhase-Thube, daughter of former HC judge S B Mhase, for a re-test in connection with a bribery case.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar were hearing a petition filed by Shakil Meer Khan urging the court to monitor the probe againstManisha Mhase-Thube, daughter of S B Mhase , president Maharashtra Consumer Redressal ForumCBI last year arrested her for allegedly demanding Rs 30 lakh to get a favourable order in the national commission through her father,.CBI's advocate sought further eight weeks to file chargesheet saying voice samples did not match with main accused Mhase-Thube when it was sent to the Hyderabad forensic science laboratory. He said it has been now to the Chandigarh laboratory.Khan's advocate R B Jaiswal argued CBI has taken four adjournments and is not disclosing details of the probe to the court. The matter is at investigation stage. It is not good to direct disclosure of all these things,'' said Justice Bobde, adding that the trial court will examine the evidence. The judges directed CBI to file affidavit broadly indicating what is wrong with the sample at the next hearing on June 15, 2012.Jaiswal said CBI's own advocate, who also appearing in this case, was caught taking a bribe. He said Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa should take action against advocates taking money in the name of judges.'' The judges said complaints against such advocates should be made to Bar Council. We have given three names,'' said Jaiswal. The judges told Jaiswal to file an affidavit before court if no action is taken by Bar Council on his complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14085454", "title": "Bappi Lahiri to get naughty with Katy Perry down south!", "text": "The ace music director and singer, who loves to load his songs with lots of character, is all set to lend his voice to Naughty Raja Raja for the Tamil movie KaruppampattiBappi Lahiri and his signature style are all set to cause ripples down south. And buzz suggests that he will do it for the movie Karuppampatti being produced by Sundaram Pictures. And music for the song that will be sung by Lahiri will be composed by Kannan, who gained popularity after Tamizh Padam.But Bappi da isn't venturing into south Indian film industry for the first time. The man who is also known for his gold jewellery, composed songs for the Tamil movie Thai Veedu withRajinikanth, and for Padum Vanam Paadi.Talking about what made him think that Bappi da was best suited for the role of a singer this time, Kannan says, \"When I heard Ooh la la, I knew he would be the right person to sing Naughty Raja Raja. When we met him, he said he would sing the song only if he liked the tune. The tune was sent to him and he immediately accepted, asking us to come to Mumbai to record the song.\" The lyrics for this one are by Kabilan and the song will probably be picturised on singer-actor Katy Perry . Does that mean a sensation bigger than Ooh la la lies just around the corner? We can't wait to find out. Way to go, Bappi da!Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14087469", "title": "Tuition fees waiver for schoolgirls of Class XI-XII in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has waived off tuition fees for girl students of all sections of the society from Class IX to XII.\"As per the order issued by the state government no tuition fee will be taken from girl students from Class IX to XII,\" district inspector of schools Umesh Tripathi said on Wednesday.The order would be applicable to all government, aided and non-aided recognised schools of UP board from the academic session starting from July 2, he said.The order would benefit girl students of all sections, he added.The DIOS said that while tuition fee would not be taken from girl students, other charges like sports, development and science charges would remain effective.Girl students from class one to eight are already getting free education under Right to Education Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "14069922", "title": "Special counters for bus passes in Bijapur", "text": "BIJAPUR: North-East Karnataka Road Transport Corporation Bijapur division has opened special counters in various bus depots and stands for students who want to avail concession rate bus pass.For the academic year 2012-2013, bus passes will be issued for 10 months for students to travel in buses. The bus pass rate is fixed up to Class 7 students at Rs 70.High school boy students can avail the bus pass at Rs 770 while high school girls can avail it at Rs 595.For college students, bus pass will be available at Rs 1170 while for ITI, diploma and other job-oriented students can avail the same for Rs 1420. Medial, engineering students, evening college and P.hd research students can get bus pass for Rs 1470.For further details contact: Bijapur Bus stand pass distribution center- 7760992270, Bus Stand Controller 7760992258, Basavana Bagewadi Depot Manager 7760992269, Talikot Depot Manager 7760992268,Muddebihal Depot 7760992267,Indi Depot 7760992265, Sindagi Depot 7760992266, Divisional Controller 7760992250.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14083780", "title": "Rains dampen shooting of Thandavam", "text": "Vikram's upcoming action thriller Mollywood flick Thandavam got delayed due to heavy rains in London.Dhananjayan, head-south, UTV Motion Pictures says, \"Heavy rain in London is hampering the shooting of Thandavam. It's a battle against nature to complete the planned portions every day.\" According to him, the unit had planned a big scene in a huge government building with several local junior artists. But heavy rains forced them to abandon the plan. \"The crew is having sleepless nights to complete the shoot on time. Hope the rains stop and the weather helps us,\" Dhananjayan adds.Starring Vikram, Jagapathi Babu, Anushka Shetty and Amy Jackson in lead roles, Thandavam is a bilingual, being made simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu. Music of the film is helmed by G V Prakash Kumar.Source: www.bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14085455", "title": "What next for Kalpana\u2019s film?", "text": "If filmmaker Kalpana Lajmi and the cast and crew of her new under-production film Kaanch are back from location in Bhopal to the relative safety of Mumbai, it is only because of Mahesh Bhatt's timely intervention .But what happens to the fragile production aptly entitled Kaanch about a village where the men throw their women-folk into prostitution and live unscrupulously on the women's earnings ?Kalpana and her team have decided to rescue the film from the truant producer and fund their own way to the film's finish line.Still recovering from the setback Lajmi says, \"What we've managed to shoot we're very proud of. It's a very delicate film which needs a lot of nurturing. Instead it's stuck with a producer who seems to have very shady connections in very powerful places. Now we feel as helpless but determined as the women in our film. Women are not susceptible to sexual assault alone, as we've shown in Kaanch . Emotional and spiritual violation is as horrific as rape.What we've gone through is worse than rape.And we're determined to rescue our fragile baby from the clutches of this man who has has goons that can get us eliminated.\"To rewind the horrific story...last week Kalpana Lajmi and her unit of Kaanch arrived in Bhopal to shoot, only to realize that the producer was unwilling/unable to pay for the shooting.The 120-member unit found it held hostage in four different hotels of Bhopal until the hotel bills were cleared.Says the shaken filmmaker, \"70 percent of our crew is back in Mumbai . But we don't feel safe. We're under tremendous threat. It's sad for an independent working woman to say this. But I feel the absence of a man in my life. If Bhupenda(her companion of 30 years musician Bhupen Hazarika) were around I wouldn't be feeling so vulnerable.\"The important thing at the moment is to not let the film be shelved.Says Kalpana, \"We won't allow that to happen. We're going to buy the film off the producer. Apparently there is a rule by law whereby a defaulter in any business venture can be compelled to relieve the venture of his presence. We will examine all our possibilities. But the film belongs to my cast and crew Ila Arun, Veena Malik, Avika Gour...We are the creative owners. We will find a way to become its financial guardians.\"Grateful to Mahesh Bhatt for his timely intervention Kalpana still shaken and barely able to talk says, \"Now I know why the film industry calls Bhatt Saab its saviour. The man is an angel. If it wasn't for him my cast and crew would still be stranded in Bhopal.The minute we informed Bhatt Saab of how we were being held hostage in our Bhopal hotel because of our producer, he contacted the Chief Minister's office,the Principal Secretary, the District Magistrate in Bhopal.I've known him from when I was 16. He has always been there to help and support me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071390", "title": "No major incidents: Director general of police", "text": "HYDERABAD: Director general of police V Dinesh Reddy said except for some minor incidents of group clashes, stone-pelting and damage to police vehicle in Warangal, no major incidence of violence was reported during the bypolls. He said the police tackled the disturbances firmly and conducted the bypolls in a fair and freemanner. 108 vehicles were seized and 127 persons taken into preventive custody. Nine election-related cases were filed in Srikakulam, Tirupati(Chittoor district), Warangal, East Godavari and Prakasam districts, the DGP said. Government deployed 15,000 security personnel, including special striking forces, Reddy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072824", "title": "BSNL staff defer indefinite strike", "text": "NASHIK: Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) officers who threatened an indefinite strike from Wednesday, after discussions with the compabny administration failed to address employee issues , late in the night decided to defer it saying their major demand of has been met.The association members said they deferred the strike after the management agreed to their demand for higher dearness allowance.Earlier, the officers' association alleged that BSNL was giving freebies to Indian Telecom Services officials on deputation but not to emplorees and officials of the company.The company's employees claimed they were given a step-motherly treatment by the BSNL. \"In the month of May allowances to ITS officials, on deputation with BSNL, were announced. But BSNL officials' demands on leave encashments, medical allowances etc. went unanswered. When we demanded our rights, they company said that they have been frozen since the company was financially weak. What about the freeze when allowing perks for ITS officials,\" said M B Sangle, joint secretary of the officers association, said.Employees first issued a letter to the administration during the end of May after which they held meetings and eventually went on a one-day strike on June 6 but it did not render any result.The association members had even threatened that they would not allow any officials on deputation to enter the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073461", "title": "Top colleges want high score for political science", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's BA (honours) in political science is a sought-after course among humanities students. Its popularity can be gauged from the fact that admissions to the course were closed after the first cutoff in many colleges last year.\"The course opens up a world of opportunities and its content is also up to speed,\" said Abhay Kumar, assistant professor at Shri Ram College of Commerce.The competition is fierce with the cutoffs remaining quite high in popular colleges. At Lady Shri Ram, the first cutoff was 94% last year, while Hindu kept it between 92% and 95%. Kirori Mal's first cutoff was in the range of 90-95%. However, aspirants can take heart as an aggregate of 70-90% is enough to get admission in most DU colleges.Eligibility: Political science explores the structure of the state and society at large. So students from all backgrounds are welcome. However, the cutoffs are slightly higher for candidates outside of humanities stream. \"Students need to have good general knowledge and should be alive to emerging issues. They should have a grounding in history and politics,\" said Kumar.Content: The course was revised two years ago and many contemporary issues were added. All important issues of the day, including those related to the environment, the dalit movement and media's role, figure in the syllabus.\"The first semester is about nationalism and the Indian system, including the constitution. This is followed by colonialism in India, political theory and Indian political thought in the second semester. The third and fourth semesters cover western ideas, foreign relations, public administration, comparative government and politics. There are nine optional papers, including Africa , women and political process, and Indian foreign policy, and students have to choose one each in the fifth and sixth semesters,\" said Kumar.Road ahead: A student of political science can be a good journalist, policy analyst, political commentator, researcher, teacher, and can even join civil services. \"After political science (honours), many pursue law. And with media houses branching out, there is no dearth of avenues. They might turn out to be good politicians as well,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14076058", "title": "Govt on war footing to quench Saurashtra with Narmada waters", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat's powerful officialdom is on the run following mounting drinking water problem in Saurashtra and Kutch, especially their major towns and villages. Knowing well that it may become a major poll issue in the forthcoming assembly elections, scheduled late this year, chief minister Narendra Modi ordered senior babus of the state water resources and Narmada departments to immediately rush to the spots where water was being supplied to the two regions, and set things right.A large contingent of Sachivalaya babus - led additional chief secretary (home) Varesh Sinha, who is tipped to be the next chief secretary, Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) managing director S Jagadeesan and principal secretary (water supply) H K Dash - left to inspect the spots in Surendranagar district, where hundreds of million litres per day (MLD) water was being illegally siphoned off by farmers straight from the Narmada canal, which became the main reason for shortage.\"As against 506 MLD of water receivable from the Narmada branch canal running between Dhanki and Malia, the Gujarat Water Supply and Sewerage Board (GWSSB) was getting just 179 MLD for supplying water to Saurashtra-Kutch,\" a senior official conceded, adding, \"The problem, which began in May-end, continued piling up as farmers were being freely allowed to draw water, as this is an election year, without realizing that it may affect drinking water supply.\"The official further said, \"Kutch, which should get 170 MLD, was getting just 79 MLD, while Rajkot and Jamnagar, which together should get 280 MLD, were getting 100 MLD.\" He added the problem further aggravated as the tile industry in Morbi and the enterprises which have cropped up on way to Kutch from Maliya \"have begun large-scale theft of drinking water for industrial use.\"A top official, who continued to be in Surendranagar till Monday, claimed that the situation is \"now under control\". As many as 21 teams of engineers are currently working overnight to remove the pumps, laid straight into the canal, to draw Narmada waters, 72 State Reserve Police jawans have been put on round-the-clock duty to ensure that the pumps do not reappear.\"We have also deployed 45 jeeps, 12 JCBs, 12 tractors apart from workers to remove the pumps. In all, 365 pumps have been removed in the100 km stretch. Already, on Monday, 260 MLD of water was being supplied, which will reach 350 MLD on Tuesday,\" the senior official recounted, adding, \"An annual problem, it is being set right permanently. Drinking water pipelines along the Narmada branch are being laid for diverting Narmada waters to Saurashtra and Kutch towns and villages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14071010", "title": "Hacking bid on EVMs in Amritsar: Cops seek software engineers' help", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Punjab Police have sought help from software engineers to probe into the attempts made to hack the electronic voting machines from outside polling booths in Amritsar during the municipal corporation elections on June 10.Police officers said the hackers were operating from near the polling booths, but added that they were unable to confirm whether the EVMs were hacked or not. Officers added that no arrests were made in this case so far.The police were alerted by a Shiromani Akali Dal candidate from ward number 3, who told the cops about the attempts being made to hack the EVMs.The Amritsar police commissioner RP Mittal said on Tuesday that they had sought help from experts to look into the issue. However, Mittal claimed that it was impossible to hack the EVMs since they didn't work on WiFi system. \"We are expecting a team to arrive soon to inspect the EVMs,\" Mittal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "14074722", "title": "Pension remains a mirage for HIV patients", "text": "NIZAMABAD: HIV-positive patients, who continue face discrimination from society as well as from family members, have to contend with government apathy too. The meagre Rs 200 pension, promised by the government two years ago, remains a dream for the HIV-positive patients.With a view to providing economic support to the HIV-positive patients, the government had decided to provide Rs 200 every month on a par with the physically handicapped, widows and destitutes, but the proposal remained only on paper.Konda Lakshmi (name changed) rued the lack of financial support from the government as well as her family.\"We are left to fend for ourselves. A small gesture could have gone a long way in helping us financially,\" she pointed out. Another proposal to provide free bus passes to HIV patients to visit anti-retroviral therapy (ART) centres every month to take medicines and undergo treatment free of cost has also been a non-starter. \"Patients can at least visit the ART centre to take medicines if they are provided free bus passes,\" Lakshmi said.Several HIV patients alleged that the government had washed its hands of by merely issuing ATM cards to them. \"Though the cards were issued three months back, not a single penny has been transferred to our savings accounts so far,\" complained another patient Sunnam Gangadhar (name changed). He also criticised the government for selecting a meagre number of patients for the pension scheme when thousands of people were afflicted with the disease in Nizamabad district.According to statistics, there are about 12,000 registered HIV-positive patients in the district. But the district authorities have selected only 1,250 patients for the Rs-200 pension scheme. As per the health guidelines, patients whose CD4 count is less than 250 and those who take medicines from the ART centres are eligible for the pension scheme.When contacted, district medical and health officer (DM&HO;) Harinath said that there was delay in transferring the amounts to the savings accounts of the patients. S Siddaiah, who runs an NGO, demanded that the government provide essential commodities like rice, pulses, oil, sugar and others free of cost to the HIV patients.Recalling that HIV-positive patients were supplied 30 kg rice at Rs 2 a kg every month by issuing Anthyodaya card in 2009-10, he urged the government to take measures to protect the HIV patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14077847", "title": "Worshipping the Gurus", "text": "On the lines of the Buddhist and Jain circuits, the state government is developing the Sikh Circuit to promote religious tourism in the state. Along with this, the government is also developing Sufi and ecotourism circuits to promote tourism both in the domestic and international markets.The proposed Sikh Circuit reportedly includes all shrines in the state capital and other parts of Bihar. Research is on to locate gurdwaras across the state and then build their infrastructure so that more and more devotees and tourists visit them. The infrastructure, four-day tour package of the Sikh Circuit and preservation plans will finally be looked into by the Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC).In Patna, four gurdwaras - Gaighat Gurdwara (Patna City), Guru Ka Bagh near Malsalami, Kangan Ghat Gurdwara, Bal Lila Gurdwara - apart from Takht Shri Harmandir Saheb, also in the Patna City area, will be developed further. Guru Ki Bagh near Malsalami originally belonged to the local Nawabs, Karim Baksh and Rahim Baksh. It was learnt that in 17th century, Guru Tegh Bahadur, on his way from Assam , had visited an almost barren garden (bagh) which then had turned green. This impressed Nawabs so much that they donated the garden to the Guru. The Handi Saheb Gurdwara at Danapur at the outskirts of Patna will also be developed, as it was here that Guru Gobind Singh had first stopped on way to Punjab.The Nanakshahi Gurdwara near Lalganj in Vaishali district, and the Fatuha Gurdwara, the meeting place of Guru Nanak and Kabir, will also be developed.For tourists and devotees who had heard only of the Takht Shri Harmandir Saheb, it will be a pleasant surprise when they learn that Bihar is dotted with gurdwaras. In Sasaram, the district headquarters of Rohtas, three gurdwaras have already been located. Guru Ka Bagh, Taksali Sangat and that of Khwaja Faggu Mal in Sasaram, Akbarpur Nanakshahi Sangat and Rajauli Sangat in Nawada and the Sheetal Kund in Rajgir will also be developed. Four other gurdwaras, one each in Bhagalpur district, Katihar district, Gaya district and Munger district have also been located for incorporation into the Sikh Circuit.Sources in the state tourism department said it was working out a four-day package trip in the Sikh Circuit soon where tourists would be offered Punjabi food besides an opportunity to travel across the state and pay obeisance at the Sikh shrines. \"Many may not be aware about many places listed in the circuit. The four-day package will inform them about Sikh history and their religious significance,\" sources said.Says assistant director and in charge of the Sikh Circuit, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation, Priteshwar Prasad, \"As soon as the Sikh Circuit was proposed we started locating and researching about the number of gurdwaras in the state with the assistance of the office-bearers of Takht Shri Harmandir Saheb Prabandhak Committee. As these religious places with immense religious significance fall into the reserved zone, extensive research needs to be done before incorporation into the Sikh Circuit. The report is yet to be submitted to Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14076023", "title": "Maharashtra govt\u2019s proposal to ban gutka sale may not hold water again", "text": "MUMBAI: If past record is anything to go by, the Maharashtra government's proposed ban on gutka may not stand scrutiny of the law.According to a cabinet note, which details reasons for the government to contemplate such a move, a similar five-year ban was proposed in 2002 by senior minister Anil Deshmukh, however, the apex court did not agree with the idea saying the government did not have any authority to do so. Another attempt to make changes in the law prohibiting sale of gutka was made in 2007 but even then the HC did not agree. The latest proposal has been mooted to amend the new Food Safety Act, which is being implemented since 2011. \"Under this Act, we have been initiating action against substance that contain nicotine and tobacco,\" said an official.Last week, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had announced that Maharashtra government was contemplating a ban on sale of gutka and pan masala products. This, despite an estimated loss of Rs 100 crore in tax from the gutka companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070605", "title": "Anti-piracy bid: South Korea joins India, Japan, China", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Korea is now all set to join the India-China-Japan combine's coordinated naval patrols and escort of merchant vessels through the piracy-infested Gulf of Aden.Sources say South Korea is likely to join the \"third cycle\" of the \"escort and convoy coordination\" plan that will be set in motion in July. Under the tri-lateral arrangement worked out among India, China and Japan, their navies have been coordinating to strengthen anti-piracy efforts in the Gulf of Aden since January.Under the first cycle, the Chinese Navy was the \"lead\" or \"reference\" force for three months, with the Indian and Japanese navies chipping in to plug the gaps. In the second cycle launched in April, India is currently the primary naval force in the tri-lateral arrangement in the Gulf of Aden under which stealth frigate INS Tabar is leading from the front.In all, since October 2008, Indian warships have ensured the safe passage of close to 2,000 vessels from around 50 countries through the strategic trade-route of the Gulf of Aden. With the pirates now also operating around 1,100 nautical miles away from Somalia's coast in the Arabian Sea, the Navy and Coast Guard have actively thwarted many pirate attacks on merchant vessels near Indian shores too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "14070244", "title": "Elephant calf shot, hacked to death by villagers", "text": "SILIGURI: A six-month-old elephant calf was first shot at its hind leg and was later hacked to death after it crossed the Mechi river to enter Nepal on Monday night. The calf, which had raided a maize field with a herd, was attacked by some locals with sharp weapons.The foresters have identified another injured female elephant from the same herd, which was last located in the forests of Kalabari. The incident took place at Aldangi village in Nepal's Jhapa district. The villagers allegedly opened fire at the herd that had crossed over to Nepal from Kalabari forests in Bengal's Naxalbari area. The herd managed to retreat into the Indian territory except the calf, which fell on the ground and became an easy prey to the villagers.While talking about the injured pachyderm, DFO of Kurseong, Y T Aden, said: \"We are trying to find the type of injury the female elephant has sustained. It may be a bullet injury or a wound from sharp weapon. We have to treat the animal as early as possible, which is a very difficult task.\"Foresters fear that there may be more injured elephants in the herd. \"In the past, we have found many elephants with bullet injuries which were shot in Nepal. So, we cannot rule out possibilities of more elephants being injured in Monday night's incident,\" a forest guard in Kalabari said.In February, an adult female elephant had suffered bullet injury in Nepal and died in Sukna forest because of septicaemia. The incident took place at Bamandangi village, a small settlement along the Indo-Nepal border in eastern Nepal's Jhapa district. Aldangi village is also close to Bamandangi.In last four years, eight elephants were killed and 20 were injured after herds entered Nepal. Two other elephants were electrocuted after they came in contact with electric wires, which the villagers of Bamandangi had laid on the banks of Mechi river that flows along the Indo-Nepal border andworks as a natural barrier against elephants trying to enter Nepal.Elephants from India generally enter Nepal twice a year - during the monsoons and in the November-December, when farmers harvest their second crop of the year. The region is a part of their conventional corridor from Mechi in Nepal to Sankosh in Assam. On their way, they often depredate human habitats in search of food, which sometimes also results in loss of human lives.According to reports, people in Nepal, living along the Indo-Nepal border areas, consider the animals as 'Indians' and are not ready to suffer. It is therefore, whenever they cross over to Nepal, villagers open fire at the pachyderms and also lay electric wires along the Mechi river.\"Only the Centre can take up the matter. They should immediately ask Nepal government to take appropriate steps to curb such killings. We are ready to help Nepal forest department, but the thing has to be arranged by Delhi and Kathmandu \", a senior forest official said.An elephant calf, merely six months old, was first shot in its hind left leg and when the animal fell down, villagers pounced on it with sharp weapons and hacked it to death. Its fault - it had dared to cross the Mechi River and enter Nepal along with a herd to raid a maize field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14078294", "title": "BJP fielded ordinary workers as mayoral candidates: Kesari", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Unlike candidates fielded by other political parties in the mayoral election, the Bhartiya Janata Party(BJP) has desisted from indulging in shadow politics by fielding wives of former ministers, mayor and other heavyweight politicians.Instead the BJP has fielded an ordinary workers as the party candidate who would definitely strike a cord with voters, said former assembly speaker and senior BJP leader, Kesari Nath Tripathi while introducing the party candidate Dr Kamla Singh before newspersons here on Tuesday.He also criticised the recent trend of dissolving local bodies and appointing an administrator to take charge of day to day affairs, saying that nagar panchayats and nagar nigams are among the lowest pillars of democracy and they should always remain intact.It is the duty of state governments to preserve and uphold their basic character.When his attention was drawn towards the increasing use of money and active role of capitalists in local bodies election, Tripathi said that \"biggest capital of Bhartiya Janata Party(BJP) is it's vote bank both at the urban and rural level and the party hopes to win elections on the strength of public votes rather than money or other resources.On the issue of resignation from the party of state party general secretary, Shail Tanya Srivastava in the wake of denial of party mayoral ticket, he said that a three member panel was set up by the party which decided in favour of candidature of Dr Kamla Singh.He added that presence of Shail Tanya as an independent candidate in the mayoral election is nowhere going to affect the prospects of party candidate.Others present included Uday Bhan Karvariya and Shashi Varshney.Meanwhile the district election office on Tuesday distributed symbols to candidates contesting election for the post of mayor as independents alongwith those fielded by political parties.Candidates accompanied by their supporters reached the collectorate to get information about the symbols alloted to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14073620", "title": "Pakhowal Road to turn purple soon", "text": "LUDHIANA: If Pakhowal Road will turn a royal purple then Hamran Road will be a splendid yellow. If the municipal corporation's plans reach fruition, each of the city's major roads would soon sport a unique colour identity. Instead of mixing different varieties of plants on a single stretch, MC would restrict a single colour tree to each road.In the first phase of the project, three roads would be beautified \u2014 Pakhowal Road, Hambran Road and Ishmeet Road. So this monsoon, the central verges of these major streets would be planted with different varieties of flower-bearing trees.While the purple lagerstroemia speciosa would be planted in the middle of Pakhowal Road, Hambran Road would see amaltas, ashoka and chaconia trees along the stretch and alstonia flowers would soon blossom on Ishmeet Singh Road.Talking about the plan, executive engineer of MC's horticulture branch Surinder Kumar said, \"All the main roads and parks of the city will be covered during this rainy season but our major thrust will be on planting flowers in a uniform pattern to give the city a beautiful look.\" He claimed that the project was ready and people would soon see the new, improved central verges.But the residents do not want to get too excited too soon. \"It will definitely give the city a very unique look. But MC needs to ensure the maintenance. Chandigarh has such beautiful roundabouts and dividers because they are kept in top shape,\" said Model Town resident Jaspreet Kaur, a homemaker. Tired of the blot on Ludhiana of being the more polluted city in the country, businessman Pawan Khanna of Rajguru Nagar said, \"This plantation drive will help fight that tag.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070442", "title": "Rajasthan plays lifesaver with free drugs", "text": "JAIPUR: Fifty-three-year-old Ram Prasad of Bindaiyka village had to wait for a long time in a queue to get his medicines at Jaipur's Sawai Man Singh Hospital on Monday. But it was worth the wait as he got his insulin shot along with other medicines for free, thanks to Rajasthan government's free drug distribution scheme.\"I used to purchase insulin injections for Rs 165 but here it is free,\" Prasad said.It has been eight months since Rajasthan government doctors stopped prescribing branded medicines on the government's directions. They now prescribe only generic medicines. This has broken the established link between doctors and drug companies.But the government is facing challenges as well as patients do not get all the prescribed medicines at the free drug distribution centres (DDC).In the past eight months, the government has developed its own infrastructure to distribute generic medicines free. It constituted Rajasthan Medical Services Corporation (RMSC), headed by an IAS officer, for the project. Now, generic medicines are available at 14,964 DDCs at all government hospitals, community health centres, primary health centres and sub-centres in the state.RMSC has procured generic medicines worth Rs 230 crore in past eight months. Its managing director Dr Samit Sharma said, \"We invite tender to procure medicines from drug companies. The difference between the costs of generic medicines we procure and cost of branded medicines can be gauged from an example. A particular brand of medicine used for diabetes costs Rs 117 but we purchase 10 tablets of generic medicines for diabetes at Rs 1.97. The government launched the scheme because we do not want a patient to die because of high cost of medicines. So, we are providing generic medicines free of cost.\"Dr Sharma added that as a result of the scheme, patients at government hospitals has increased by 56%. \"There are challenges, too, as I also faced threat from drug mafia. But we are trying to make the scheme more beneficial for the people,\" Sharma said.Pharmacists have started demanding permanent jobs at drug distribution centres. According to them, even nurses in rural DDCs distribute medicines under the scheme. They have taken the matter to the court claiming only certified pharmacists must be used for dispensing medicines.Pharmacist Lokesh Kumar Gautam moved the Rajasthan high court demanding a stay on distribution of medicines by nurses under the chief minister's scheme. \"Nurses cannot distribute medicines. Under the Pharmacy Act, only pharmacists can distribute medicines,\" he said. \"We, therefore, demand that the government appoint 28,000 pharmacists to run the free medicine scheme,\" he said.Also, not every patient is happy with the scheme. For Manju Devi (26), who came from Sri Madhopur around 80 km from Jaipur, the free medicine scheme has proved useless. She said she stood in DDC queues for medicines for nerve disorders but none was available. \"The last time, I got only one medicine out of three prescribed by the doctor. This scheme is useless for me,\" she said.The health department said that not all medicines are available at DDCs; only essential drugs are distributed free.A survey by law students of 11 universities to gauge the effectiveness of free medicine scheme found 62% of patients get 100% medicines prescribed by the doctors under the scheme.Besides, the state government has also taken stringent action against those doctors who were not prescribing generic medicines at government hospitals. In March, a doctor was suspended in Bikaner for allegedly prescribing branded medicine to patients and also forcing them to purchase medicines from drug shops outside the hospital.The state government has allocated Rs 300 crore for the scheme for 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071833", "title": "One of three wildlife rescue vans finally ready", "text": "NAGPUR: A year after three vans to rescue wild animals were procured, the forest officials have managed ready one. The van will be operational in a week after a mock drill. The three rescue vehicles were gathering dust for the past one year at Seminary Hills nursery. Of the many wildlife rescue operations, the vans were procured to avoid repeat of incidents like Katladodi where a tigress fell in a 30-foot deep well in January 2011.Even as rescued wild animals, including tigers, continued to be brought to Nagpur for treatment, the forest department came in for sharp criticism after it failed to get the rescue vans ready. In March 2011, the government had sanctioned Rs 60 lakh for three vehicles to be based in Nagpur, Chandrapur and Pune each. The one van that is now ready will be based at Nagpur.\"We will procure nets, tranquillizing kit with drugs for chemical immobilization, mobile phones for communication, wireless handsets, GPS sets, long-ranging night vision for seeing objects in dark, a digital camera, search lights and ropes in next four days,\" said wildlife wing officials.The vehicle will be closed and has been given final shape. Trap cages for leopards and tigers are also ready. Now officials are planning a mock drill for the van soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14078341", "title": "Special leave for government employees donating blood", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Admitting that the state has achieved only 50% target of voluntary blood donation against the set target of 90%, the UP State Aids Control Society has come up with \"Every blood donor is a hero\" theme to promote voluntary blood donation.The state administration too has mooted a proposal to offer special half-day leave to employees of government and semi-government organizations if they donate blood on the dates fixed by the government.On the occasion of World Blood Donation Day on June 14, the UP State Aids Control Society has asked government departments like higher education , vocational education, primary education, health and family welfare, administration, revenue, industry, irrigation, women welfare, justice, rural development, PWD, etc to encourage their employees to donate blood on some fixed dates.For instance, in June, employees of administration, revenue, Panchayati Raj and rural development, urban development, agriculture and soil development will participate in voluntary blood donation camps. Similarly, employees of ayurveda , homeopathy and ESI and animal husbandry will donate blood on July 1 on the occasion of Doctor's Day.District tuberculosis officer Dr OP Shahi told TOI \"We have been seeking active participation from the employees and officials of government and semi-government departments as special voluntary blood donation camps would be organsied between first and fifteenth of every month.He added that UPSACS is also making efforts to dispel myths on blood donation and seeking public participation in voluntary blood donation camps.Similarly, efforts are also being made to establish coordination between various government and semi-government departments with a motive to chalk out a joint strategy to promote and publicize voluntary blood donation.Dr Shahi said an outreach voluntary blood donation camp will be organised at tehsil and block level where donors will donate blood between June 14 and July 14 this year.The state government has introduced roster system for its employees for voluntary blood donation offering them half-day leave as sanctioned by their senior officers. The days fixed are January 12 (National Youth Day), January 26 (Republic Day), February 28 (National Science Day), March 8 (International Women's Day), April 7 ( World Health Day) , May 1 (World Labour Day), May 7, June 14 (World Blood Donation Day), July 1 (Doctors day), August 12 (World Youth Day), August 15 (Independence Day), September 5 (Teachers Day), October 1 (Voluntary Blood Donation Day) , November (Police Week) and December 1 ( World Aids Day ).Efforts are also being made to establish coordination between various government and semi-government departments with a motive to chalk out a joint strategy to promote and publicize voluntary blood donation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071568", "title": "Voting crosses 61% in Mant byelection", "text": "LUCKNOW: Polling for by-elections to the Mant assembly seat in Mathura was conducted peacefully on Tuesday. With a voter turnout of 61.25%, however, the polling percentage saw a sharp decline from the 71.06% votes that were polled during the general assembly elections earlier in 2012.In comparison to the 2007 assembly elections, though, when 51.32% votes were cast, polling in Mant remained high on Tuesday.For 351 polling stations and 1,587 polling personnel deputed to ensure free and fair elections, the polling process was completed without any reports of untoward incidents.Nearly 2.86 lakh voters were to exercise their franchise on Tuesday.For this, the Election Commission had deputed 2 general observers, 21 micro observers, 60 sector magistrates and 8 zonal magistrates.With 249 of the total 351 polling stations identified as sensitive, ECI also deputed 11 companies of the Central Police Force, 10 companies of PAC, 2029 civil police officials and 1640 home guards.Though reports of faulty electronic voter machines were received from 5 stations, polling remained unaffected.The bypolls were necessitated after Jayant Chaudhary resigned from the membership of UP Assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14076962", "title": "No clarity on Odisha Joint Entrance Examination counselling yet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) authorities are struggling with multiple problems in finalizing counseling schedule for admission to various professional courses. While delay in results of undergraduate courses will affect the MBA and MCA admission process, lack of clarity in a number of approved seats is expected to hold back admission for medical and engineering courses.For admission in medical colleges, OJEE authorities are not yet clear about the number of medical seats approved by Medical Council of India (MCI) this year. Besides, they have to wait for counselling of All India Premedical Entrance Examination (AIPMT) as 15% seats in state medical colleges are filled from the AIPMT pool. Though the government has announced that it has requested the MCI to increase medical seats in SCB Medical College, fate of the increased number is not yet clear. \"The Directorate of Medical Education and Training (DMET) will give us the seat matrix after it gets those from MCI. We have to wait for it before allotting seats,\" said OJEE secretary Priyabrata Sahoo.All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) is yet to provide information on the number of discipline-wise approved seats in engineering colleges.Though undergraduate results of most other universities are already out, results of Biju Patnaik University of Technology (BPUT) is awaited. \"Without BPUT last semester results, BTech students won't be able to take admission in MBA and MCA. We have to wait for them,\" said Sahoo.Counselling for lateral entry of diploma students into degree courses won't progress without BPUT sixth semester diploma engineering results. Admission process for diploma engineering will have to wait for results of matriculation, which is tentatively scheduled to be published towards the end of this month, and ITI.Though the datelines for various steps of counselling and admission are yet to be finalized, the OJEE has finalized the four-step process of e-counselling for admission into various courses.Step I: Qualifiers have to register themselves online in www.ojee.nic.in. and fill in their choices online as well. One can give any number of choices, but must get one's priority right as there would be no mock counselling.Step II: Registered students have to walk in to a designated nodal centre with documents and a draft of Rs 450. Once the documents are verified, they can deposit the part-admission fee through another draft, lock in the choices and take a print out. OJEE will notify the 20 nodal centres where aspirant have to go.Step III: OJEE will publish the provisional seat allotment list. Students not happy with the allotted seat or taking admission in a college outside OJEE pool may go to the nodal centre to withdraw the fee and quit counselling.Step IV: OJEE will make actual allotment of the seats. Students have to go to the allotted college for admission. For vacancies after that, there would be spot admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073639", "title": "US man gets custody of kids born through In vitro fertilisation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that there is no specific legislation or law that governs surrogacy in India, a trial court has allowed the plea of an American citizen that he be considered as the \"legal and biological\" father of his twins born through surrogacy here. The order came after the New York resident expressed apprehensions that there could be a \"presumption under the Indian laws\" that the surrogate mother's husband is the father of the twins.The court noted that while there was no specific legislation or law which governs surrogacy in India, the guidelines issued by Indian Council of Medical Research and National Academy of Medical Sciences stated that \"the surrogate mother is not considered the legal mother\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071885", "title": "Route relay interlocking 'mess' hits Amravati-Nagpur Intercity passengers", "text": "NAGPUR: Unscheduled delay of Amravati-Nagpur Intercity Express at Khapri railway station on Tuesday exposed the mess during the mega blockade taken to implement the route relay interlocking (RRI) system at Nagpur.The Central Railway is implementing RRI to do away with diamond crossing at the Howrah end. For this, it has decided to terminate some trains at Ajni and also start them from here. The 12119 Amravati-Nagpur Intercity Express was one of them.On Tuesday over 150 passengers had troubled time when the train was stopped unnecessarily for around 105 minutes - from 8.45am to 10.30am - at Khapri. The train reaches Nagpur at 8.35, but was to be terminated at Ajni as announced.Aggrieved passenger Vinod Gopawar and others complained that the train was held up at Khapri without any intimation to them for over an hour. Other trains were being allowed to go past towards Nagpur.\"Bad handling of the situation by the staff at Khapri actually ended up putting lives of women and children in danger at the station because passengers were told that another train will be stopped for them to board and continue the journey till Ajni,\" Gopawar said.As the message of alternative train will stop at Khapri spread, passengers came out on the tracks waiting for a train to come in crawling and stop. Meanwhile, two trains sped by at high speed in either direction.\"It was a miracle that no tragedy took place at that time. The staff at Khapri was not making any announcement. Several passengers were sitting inside the deputy station master's room looking at the irate crowd curiously,\" said Gopawar.Railway sources said there was no technical reason not to take the train to Ajni where a loop line was empty and where passengers could have been evacuated moving the rake out to clear space for other trains.The railway distance between Khapri and Ajni is 7km but road distance may be 10km. \"It was unjustified to hold up the trains at Khapri,\" said Gopawar. Finally, many passengers boarded the LTT-Howrah Janeshwari Express to reach Nagpur.Central Railway PRO PD Patil said the Intercity was held up at Khapri due to bunching of trains. \"There must have been some other trains at Ajni for which Intercity was held up,\" he said.\"At least five trains passed through Khapri during the time when Intercity was held up at Khapri. If there were other trains at Ajni, why were other trains allowed to pass?\" passengers asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mamallapuram", "code": "14077044", "title": "Mamallapuram protests against government move to take over Pallava-era temple", "text": "MAMALLAPURAM: Opposition is building up against the Archaeological Survey of India's proposal to take over the Pallava-era Sri Sthalasayana Perumal temple at the world heritage site in Mamallapuram, 60km south of Chennai. In a show of solidarity against the takeover, people hoisted black flags atop all 3,500 houses, 1,000 shops in the town on Tuesday.This the first in a series of events planned at a recent meeting in the town when all political parties, including the DMK and the AIADMK, agreed to oppose the takeover of the temple. On June 19, all shops on the six main roads will be shut followed by protests and rallies in the town on June 28.Finally, on July 3, the ECR at Mamallapuram would be blocked. \"Public anger was evident in the monthly council meeting of the Mamallapuram town panchayat in May when a resolution was passed against the takeover,\" said town panchayat chairman M Kothandapani.On May 20, the ASI issued a notice seeking objections if any to the Centre's proposal to declare the temple a monument of national importance under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958. Within a couple of days, more than 3,000 petitions flooded the ASI's sub-office in Mamallapuram and the circle office at Fort St George, Chennai. \"We have lived here for generations and are better informed about the town's heritage than those coming here to conserve it. Our opposition is not against conservation but the restrictions that will follow,\" said S Balaji, a resident.Under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Site and Remains Amendment Act, 2010, no construction or repair work of existing structures is allowed within 100 metres of a monument - a prohibited area - while the area within 200 metres of the prohibited area is a regulated area where repair or alteration can be done with the National Monuments Authority's approval. The temple, built in the eight century, has some of the most ancient sculptures in Mamallapuram.We have lived here for generations and are better informed about the town's heritage than those coming here to conserve it. Our opposition is not against conservation but the restrictions that will follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14078426", "title": "Jagat Taran Girls College scores 100% success in board exams", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In the recently declared results of UP Board, students of Jagat Taran Girls Inter College, performed exceptionally well both in high school and intermediate examination with an overall pass percentage of 100% in high school and intermediate.Principal Dr Sudha Rani Upadhyaya said that more than 28 students scored 75 percent marks and above while another 139 students scored between 60 and 75 percent in high school exam.Mamta Singh with an aggregate of 91.16 percent was the school topper in high school and third position holder in the district while Manish Gupta scored 87.3 and Neetu Srivastava with 86.5 percent secured the second and third position in the school.The results of intermediate were also quite impressive with 100 percent results in Commerce, Arts and Trade discipline.Around 18 students secured 75 percent marks and above while 150 students scored between 60 and 75 percent marks.In the school merit list Garvita Jaiswal, Ankita Sinha, Pushp Shikha Gupta, Divita Srivastava and Ankita Roy scored 80 percent and above marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14082651", "title": "Chandigarh Housing Board to begin work on Nehru Centre for Performing Arts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh administration has decided to begin work on its ambitious project, Nehru Centre for Performing Arts, which had been put on the backburner. Apart from providing state-of-the-art facilities to artistes in the region, the Centre will also go a long way is easing congestion in the heart of the city by providing parking facility for over 2,000 cars.The nodal agency for the project, Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB), has begun working on a plan to revive the project, which has been hanging fire for nearly 15 years. The basement of the Centre , spread over 12.5 acres, will have parking for over 1,400 vehicles could be parked. Besides, a surface parking will also be developed with an estimated capacity of over 195 vehicles. There will also be provision for 500 two wheelers in the basement.The centre is to come up in the sub centre plaza and some construction had been done at the site before abandoning work. The consultant has structure existing at the site. The main feature of the building will be a theatre street that will connect the central plaza on either side.Even though the administration and Municipal Corporation have finalised three multi parking proposals for the city, none of these have seen the light of the day. There is a major parking shortage in the key shopping areas of the city in Sector 17, 35 and 34, where thousands of vehicles enter every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071229", "title": "Nagpur University's loss is Gondwana varsity gain", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's biggest loss is set to be a gain for students of Gadchiroli. The Government College of Engineering (GCoE) in Chandrapur, hitherto affiliated to NU but being transferred to GU, will have 70% seats reserved for students from Chandrapur and Gadchiroli. \"The remaining 30% seats would be filled up through rest of Maharashtra quota where NU candidates can also take admission,\" joint director for technical education Gulab Thakre said.The NU officials were so far ruing the loss of GCoE having 340 seats to GU as it doesn't have another government engineering college in its jurisdiction. This loss is more severe considering the fact that earlier the 70% quota was spread over candidates from six districts under NU while now it will be limited for students from just two districts.About 30,339 students in NU's jurisdiction qualified for the engineering courses through last MHT-CET while 7,504 made it from GU. A total of 37,843 qualified from the area under joint director's jurisdiction. Thakre informed that both NU and GU has combined capacity of 23,102 seats in 58 engineering colleges. \"All seats of government colleges would be available under CAP while in unaided institutions 80% seats would be available. In minority colleges like Ramdeobaba, 51% seats would be filled up from that quota and 20% from management quota. Additionally, there will be 15% quota for AIEEE candidates,\" he said.Centralized admission process to have only 3 roundsWith a view to start first year engineering classes from August 1 as per AICTE's guidelines, the Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) has expedited the centralized admission process (CAP) by limiting it to three rounds from earlier four. TOI on December 30 last year had reported about this move citing technical education director Subhash Mahajan. It came after AICTE's diktat in wake of several complaints from the students that they didn't get enough time for attending classes or exam preparation. \"It would immensely benefit both colleges and students as NU too has started semester pattern from this session,\" Thakre told reporters.Till last year, the students used to get 20 options and they were admitted in first nine colleges in first round. In second round, they get 45 options of which they used to take admission in 15 of their choices. \"From this year, 100 options would be offered in first and second rounds while there will be no third round. If s/he got admission in first three choices, they have to compulsorily take it in first round while in second, they have to take admission in any of the colleges. The last round will be of counselling,\" the joint director informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075411", "title": "Firms to face music for high interest", "text": "BANGALORE: The government on Tuesday informed the high court that necessary action will be taken against non-banking financial companies (NBFC) who are charging exorbitant interest.\"We have issued a circular asking the registrars at various levels to take action in respect of complaints. We have now taken action against Manappuram Finance and Muthoot Finance in 50 cases,'' government advocate B Veerappa told the court.The petitioner, DM Suresh Babu, in a PIL has claimed that NBFC were fleecing people in the name of \"easy and quick loan' ' and charging exorbitant interest up to 60%. He told the court that in Karnataka, there were 537 branches of Manappuram Finance company and 335 branches of Muthoot Finance company.Meanwhile, S Meera and an auto drivers association have filed a separate PIL on the same ground. \"While the ceiling on interest fixed by the government is 14 % for secured loans and 16 % for unsecured loans, these companies are charging high interest,'' the petitioners have claimed. They have named several companies in addition to Manappuram and Muthoot.NO CAPTIVE ELEPHANT WILL BE TRANSFERREDThe state government on Tuesday told the high court that no captive elephant will be translocated to Madhya Pradesh as of now.\"Karnataka has 90 captive elephants. The decision to transfer 29 captive elephants to Madhya Pradesh was for the sake of forest management.They will notbeused for safari purposes as claimed by the petitioners. We have got permission from the National Biodiversity and Wildlife Board for thisexercise.But, asof now,thedecision has been put on hold,\" government advocate Ravindra G Kolle informed the bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen.The PIL is filed by CUPA (Compassion Unlimited Plus Action ) claiming that the extreme weather in Madhya Pradesh is not conducive for the elephants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14072639", "title": "Labourers at Irugur shed strike work for better wages", "text": "COIMBATORE: The movement of goods from Irugur railway goods shed has come to a grinding halt after the loading and unloading workers went on a flash strike from Monday demanding additional wages. Two goods train with 80 wagons of cement consignments weighing around 5200 tonnes were rerouted to Salem during the last two days. The workers and the clearing and forwarding agents at the goods shed have categorically stated that further operations at Irugur will resume only after they arrive at a truce and the strike is likely to be extended for another two to three days.\"We are being paid around Rs 2 for loading and unloading a single sack. We have demanded better wages which are being denied by the consignment companies through the clearance and forwarding agents' association,\" said V Mayilsamy, an unloading worker at the goods shed.The goods shed which is a pivotal point for the delivery and transportation of consignments, mainly cement and poultry feed, to districts in Western Tamil Nadu, wore a deserted look on Tuesday afternoon. Over 30 trucks are parked alongside the shed and more than 50 others returned empty after the workers refused to unload two goods trains carrying cement consignments. These trains were rerouted to Salem after paying additional charges amounting to Rs 16 lakh to be unloaded in Salem district.\"We are trying to negotiate with the workers and till then operations will be suspended at Irugur,\" said G Velumani, Secretary, Clearing and Forwarding Agents Association, Irugur.At least 150 workers at the goods shed have abandoned work demanding a payment of at least Rs 4 per sack they load and unload from the goods wagons. At the moment they are paid Rs 2.25 per sack which is inclusive of bonus and regular pay claimed workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "14073657", "title": "Bajaj part of International Council of Jurists", "text": "BRS NAGAR: International recognition for one's work is quite an achievement and more so, when it comes with a lot of faith from an organization that looks after international justice. City-based advocate G R Bajaj has recently achieved this feat after being registered as member of the International Council of Jurists (ICJ) for his contribution in the field of law.Elated to be nominated as ICJ member, which will entitle him to participate in international seminars and require him to create legal awareness, Bajaj says he attained his degree in law from Delhi University and practices as a lawyer in Supreme Court (SC) and at the district court in the city.\"I have been practising at SC since 1984 and am a member of the SC. That is how I was nominated for this membership,\" adds Bajaj. He would be a member of the international council of jurists till 2016 and can extend his nomination thereafter.\"ICJ is a body of jurists from different countries working together towards development of justice and equality around the world. It is involved in organizing campaigns for legal awareness,\" adds Bajaj. He says the international council promotes and protects the rule of law and social justice by making provision of free legal aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14077410", "title": "It's all about expensive gadgets and brands", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata youngsters are getting hooked on gadgets and accessories like never before. Counsellors and psychiatrists say that more than 90% of the money the kids spend these days goes into buying cellphones, i-Pods, MP3s, watches, shoes and other expensive accessories.Watching movies at multiplexes is high on their list of dos, but can't beat their fetish for cellphones. More than 80% of Kolkata's school students are now believed to own a cellphone or have access to it.\"If youngsters sought a high in drugs back in the Seventies, now it's gadgets they are getting hooked on. Every school kid carries a cellphone. If schools don't allow them to use it, they hide it in their bags and switch it on once they leave the campus. It has become imperative to own a cell to be able to be a part of a group of friends,\" said psychologist Amit Chakrabarty.The gadget has changed the way children communicate among themselves. They often prefer text messages to conversations, says Gautam Ghosh, psychiatrist. \"It has made them impatient and averse to normal conversations. They would rather say just what they need to. The rest is avoidable,\" Ghosh says.There's another side to the cellphone story, though. It has made youngsters bond stronger and longer. \"My son knows almost half the school and has scores of numbers stored in his phone. He is always abreast of what's going on in his school,\" says Bharati Dey, a homemaker.MP3s and i-Pods are next to cellphones. They are more of a fashion statement now. \"You need to flaunt your gadget to let friends know that you are a music buff. While they are technological marvels apart from being convenient devices that help share music, they are still very personal gadgets. The headphone has taken away the pleasure of listening to music in the company of friends and family members,\" says psychiatrist Amarnath Mallik.Children are reluctant to buy low-end products, though. Be it cellphones or accessories, they insist on the best. \"I have hardly come across a teenager from an affluent background in Kolkata who uses a cheap cellphone or wears 'unbranded' shoes. The new generation is extremely brand conscious and the change has come about in the last 10 years,\" says Chakrabarty.But gadget dependence is making them self-centred. \"It's peer pressure that's driving kids to run after gadgets. They often force parents to buy them things which classmates have. We discourage parents from giving in to unreasonable demands and have banned cellphones from the school. But we can't help if parents don't discipline children at home,\" said TH Ireland, principal St James' School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14071980", "title": "Puthur to have a police station soon", "text": "THRISSUR: If everything goes according to the plans of the police department, Thrissur will soon have a new police station at Puthur.A team of police officers headed by assistant commissioner of police T K Thomas visited Puthur recently to find a suitable spot to set up a police station. Many ambitious projects, including a zoological park, a science city and an international university are coming up in Puthur.\"It was the DGP who directed us to find a suitable spot for the police station and submit a proposal at the earliest. We visited two or three spots. The report will be submitted soon,\" ACP T K Thomas said on Tuesday.At present, Puthur comes under the jurisdiction of Ollur police station. Once the Puthur station becomes a reality, places like Kainur, Mandamangalam, Asharikkadu, Vilangannur, Chennaippara, Nadathara, Moorkkanikkara, Valakkavu, Thrikkur, Ponnookkara and Pulinchod will be brought under its control.The new station will start functioning from a rented property during the first phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14071212", "title": "Alappuzha district panchayat raps uniforms scheme", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Alappuzha district panchayat has decided to protest against the state's move to distribute free school uniforms only to BPL, SC and ST students of the government schools.District panchayat president Pratibha Hari said all the students, who are studying in government schools, are hailing from poor families. So free school uniforms should be given to all the students of the government schools without any categorisation.\"We have decided to submit a memorandum to chief minister Oommen Chandy on Tuesday and will also meet the ministers concerned for taking a favourable decision,'' Pratibha said.As per the new programme of the state, it will provide free school uniforms to all students belonging to SC, ST and BPL families in the age group of 6-14 years from this academic year onwards. This scheme has been fashioned for government schools only.\"As per the new scheme, 46,000 students of 200 government schools in the district will get free uniforms. However, 3,000 students of these schools will not get free school uniforms as they do not belong to SC, ST and BPL categories,\" she said.\"Nowadays, the people, who have an average income, are sending their children to English medium schools and the parents belonging to poor families, are sending their children to government schools.\"Many students and their parents have already approached the district panchayat for getting free uniforms. Most of them come under APL category due to the mistakes of government officials. So we decided to protest against the state government's decision,'' she said.Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan district project officer U Suresh Kumar said the district panchayat president has already approached them for distributing free school uniforms for all the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14086192", "title": "LiLo to star opposite porn star James Deen", "text": "Lindsay Lohan has reportedly been cast opposite porn star James Deen in an upcoming flick 'The Canyons' and the duo is slated to begin shooting on July 9 in Los Angeles .The movie is a contemporary thriller, narrating the tale of twentysomethings, who are seeking sex, success and power in Hollywood .Although the actress has been embroiled in many legal issues, she seems to be back in the driver's seat as far as her career goes, the New York Daily reported.According to Indiewire , Lohan is also currently filming the Elizabeth Taylor biopic \"Liz and Dick\" for Lifetime.\"I am beyond thrilled that James Deen and Lindsay Lohan will be playing the parts of Christian and Tara in The Canyons by Bee,\" film's screenwriter Bret Easton Ellis posted on Twitter.\"Could not have dreamed of a better cast. Lindsay nailed it...\" Ellis tweeted on Tuesday.Deen will reportedly play Christian, a \"trust fund kid, power player, major manipulator and a film producer, who enjoys filming his own three-way sex sessions,\" while Lohan will play Tara, his girlfriend and former model, who \"has sold her pride for the material comforts Christian can provide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14071943", "title": "Work on Mulayam Singh Yadav's dream Lion Safari begins", "text": "KANPUR: The work on Lion Safari may speed up after instructions by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in a meeting with the officials of the state forest department in Lucknow on Tuesday.Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's dream project of Lion Safari worth Rs 35 crore will be developed as per the guidelines of Central Zoo Authority (CZA). The funds would be released by the state government.Most of the works related to habitat of lions like uprooting of nearly 30,000 babool trees in the area, plantation of soft-padded saplings and grass, construction of approach roads, signboards, educative information boards to create awareness about biodiversity, importance of forest and wildlife, do's and don'ts, digging of trenches, lakes, ponds and active area for the animals had already started and likely to be completed within the next few months. Once the Safari gets developed, the state government would open the place for tourists.The government has already sanctioned Rs 5 crore. The state forest department, after finalising a master plan on Tuesday, will try to obtain clearance from the CZA, the governing authority of all the safaris and zoos, said Sujoy Banerjee, deputy conservator of forest, National Chambal Wildlife Division, Agra.\"We already have had one round of meeting with CZA authorities. Now we are busy in giving final touches to layout plan for the development of the lion safari,\" Banerjee said while talking to TOI.In the next phase, plantation of grass and saplings would be done. \"We would prefer 'Deenanath', 'Kareel' and 'Khair' grasses to develop lion's habitat. Similarly, seeds and saplings of 'Neem', 'Sheesham', 'Chokhar' and 'Ardu' would be planted to keep the foliage as realistic to the lion's natural setting,\" he said.UP has no Asiatic lions. \"The wildlife department has initiated talks with zoos of the other states, including those of Gujarat, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh. We are in touch with them,\" said an official of the forest department.According to the conditions of the Central Zoo Authority, the state government will have to first develop a lion breeding centre with at least ten big cats to set up the project.\"The chief minister had reviewed the progress on Lion Safari during his visit to Etawah on Sunday and the work on the entire 50 acres of land in the Fisher Forest area has already started. A patch of nearly 1.2 km of access road has been developed and now we are in the process of maintaining an old picnic spot which was once known to be a favourite hangout of British in the Fisher Forest area, besides work on an old 'nullah' is in full swing,\" district magistrate P Guru Prasad said.Maintenance of record and submission of inventory, development of the breeding centre, handling and healthcare of animals, veterinary and visitors' facilities, special provision of approach roads and other basic amenities will be provided in the Lion Safari under the master plan.The 50-acre Lion Safari area will be divided into various segments. The boundary of the safari will be fenced. Watch towers will also be constructed.The construction work will be carried out by the state public work department in an environment-friendly manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata/ahmedabad", "code": "14070655", "title": "Kolkata boy fights law school bar in Gujarat HC", "text": "KOLKATA/AHMEDABAD: The jury is still out on whether he will become a lawyer. But young Donnie Ashok is already in court, fighting to keep his dream alive.On Tuesday, the Gujarat high court blocked a seat in the Gujarat National Law University (GNLU) in favour of the 19-year-old house painter's son from Kolkata and asked the law school for a written explanation on why it had denied him admission. The explanation must be submitted by June 19 when the next hearing will happen.Ashok cracked common law admission test (CLAT) this year. His impressive score \u2014 133 out of 200 \u2014 fetched him a rank of 427 among 25,000 candidates. A top-500 rank is considered a safe bet for admission to the country's five best law schools, among them the GNLU as well as Kolkata's National University of Juridical Sciences (NUJS), whose faculty members and students have been Ashok's mentors. But GNLU denied him a seat, citing a rule in its brochure for the class of 2012 that says a student who hasn't cleared Plus Two in the first attempt will not be given admission.Ashok was forced to drop out of school in 2010, midway into his class XII academic year, because his father was unable to pay his fees. Instead, he started doing odd jobs to help his father run the family. His plight caught the attention of his NUJS mentors, who decided to fund the boy's education. But by the time Ashok was brought back into academics in 2011, the higher secondary exam was just a month away. With hardly any preparation, he failed. But his mentors didn't lose heart. They re-admitted Ashok in school and coached him for CLAT. But the euphoria at the boy breaking into the top 500 was cut short by the GNLU decision on June 8.A group comprising faculty members and students of law schools across the country took up the cudgels for Ashok and moved the Gujarat high court on Monday. \"No other law school in the country has this clause, which the GNLU has brought in this year,\" said Debesh Panda, a Supreme Court lawyer who helped draft the writ petition for Ashok that was filed in the high court.\"We also checked the act that governs the GNLU and found such a clause is not mentioned there too. Denying admission on the basis of an arbitrary clause that exists nowhere apart from the brochure is unconstitutional.\"Mukul Sinha, senior advocate of the high court and who is one of the best-known names in human rights-related cases in the country, is voluntarily fighting Ashok's case. \"We are happy that the court has blocked the seat in favour of him in its interim order. Leave alone law schools, no other university anywhere in the country debars admission to a student on such a clause,\" Sinha said.Ashok's mentor Shamnad Basheer, ministry of HRD professor of IP law at NUJS, said, \"It is unfair to hoist a thoroughly arbitrary condition and deny him admission after his strong CLAT score. Law schools are institutions that routinely teach principles of justice and fairness. It is imperative that they walk the talk and take the lead in implementing these hallowed norms.\"Justice K S Jhaveri of the Gujarat high court has asked the GNLU to keep a seat vacant until further orders. On Tuesday, GNLU's advocate sought time from the court. Till June 19, the law school will not be able to fill that seat, said Ashok's counsel Rajesh Mankad.GNLU registrar, Jolly Jabbwal said talk about GNLU \"denying\" admission to Ashok was \"unfair.\" \"However, the matter is in court and I do not wish to say anything on the issue at the moment,\" he added.Ashok's story has also sparked a debate on social networking site Facebook with law students across India voicing their opinions. All eyes are now on June 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14072764", "title": "Purana Qila priest cites 1939 land deed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A pre-independence era land document has been called for by the Delhi high court to verify legal claims of a priest occupying a medieval temple inside Purana Qila, a centrally protected monument. HC recently summoned court records from a civil judge after the mahant of the temple, facing eviction from Purana Qila, claimed the original lease deed or its certified copy for the temple land is lying in the civil court.The priest, Mange Ram Bharadwaj, told HC the deed was executed on November 29, 1939, by the governor general-in-council in favour of the secretary, Shri Sanatan Dharam Sabha, New Delhi, in favour of the Kunti Devi temple inside Purana Qila. HC also asked the land &amp; development office to furnish a copy of this lease, or depute an officer to appear in court with land records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074137", "title": "PU\u2019s single-window inquiry triggers protest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Members of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) staged a protest at the university campus on Tuesday, to highlight the issue of single-window inquiry system.Students said the single-window inquiry has become a problem for the applicants seeking information since the entry passes for students have been stopped.\"There are hundreds of students visiting administrative block from colleges across city and all over Punjab for different purposes. But they are being denied entry to administrative block during these days,\" says Manoj Lubana of SOPU.Representatives of Dean Student Welfare office reached the protest spot and assured students to resolve the issue. A meeting has been called in the matter on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "14077512", "title": "Chief minister Nitish Kumar opens 3 river bridges in Nalanda", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Chief minister Nitish Kumar inaugurated three bridges in Nalanda district through a remote on the occasion of the Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam foundation day on Monday.Declaring the bridges open, mines minister Satdeo Narayan Arya, later said the bridges would not only reduce the distance and hardship suffered by the people for long but would also help establish closer ties among the communities.Nalanda district magistrate Sanjay Agarwal the need for these bridges was felt for long. Nalanda MLA Sharwan Kumar was also present.The overbridge at river Panchane near Nalanda was built at a cost of Rs 16 crore while Rs 7 crore and Rs 3 crore were spent respectively on the construction of bridges at river Sakri near Ghosrawan and river Panchane near the jail respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14069529", "title": "Power thieves make merry in south Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: While Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Limited (DGVCL) officials may claim that electricity transmission and distribution loss from the point of generation to distribution is lowest at 12 per cent in south Gujarat, but the menace of power theft is still prevalent in the six districts of the region.Be it the posh localities in the diamond city or the tribal dominated villages in Valsad, Navsari, Tapi and Dang districts, power theft is rampant, which costs the DGVCL crores of rupees per annum.Last month, as per DGVCL figures, power theft worth Rs 1.17 crore was detected from different areas across Surat, Valsad, Navsari, Dangs, Bharuch and Tapi. Irregularities such as tampering with electricity meter, stealing electricity from transmission line etc. were found out by the officials during surprise checking drives.\"DGVCL has a relatively less transmission and distribution loss in the region. The loss on account of electricity pilferage is worth crores of rupees annually, but the department cannot place a person near every electricity pole to guard it,\" said a DGVCL officer.While the officers of the department admit that pilferage on such a large scale cannot take place without the connivance of ground staff, the department expresses its inability in keeping a check on its entire staff.Though the department has taken various measures to prevent power theft, it has failed to check pilferage completely.\"Those indulging in power theft are either from affluent class or lower strata of society. We have been conducting surprise checking drives regularly in each of the divisions and areas across the region,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14080627", "title": "Tamil Nadu advocates to take out protest rally against CBI", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu advocates are boycotting courts for one day and are taking out a protest rally against the CBI at Chennai on Wednesday. The rally is to mark the one year of the death of human rights lawyer Sankarasubbu's son Satish Kumar, and also to 'condemn' the CBI's failure to crack the mystery shrouding the death.A large number of advocates have started pouring in from various parts as the rally is to start at 11 am on Wednesday morning. \"It will be a peaceful expression of protest, and we do not subscribe to any form of violence. The CBI's delay and failure is a matter of concern for every person affected by criminal acts that remain unsolved,\" said S Prabakaran, president of the Tamil Nadu Advocates Association.Satish Kumar was found dead on June 7 last year, a few days after he went missing from home here. Alleging police role in the death, which the victim's father and other advocates claimed was murder, Sankarasubbu moved the high court to entrust the probe with the CBI.Since the case was handed over to it, the central agency has filed several status report to the court. In March, it informed the court that the chargesheet was ready to be filed in the jurisdictional court for CBI cases. However, expressing dissatisfaction over the quick closure of probe, Sankarasubbu again moved the court and has restrained the agency from filing the final report in the matter.Now, more than a year after the murder, advocates allege a larger police role in Satish Kumar's death as well as the investigation.Last week, when advocates approached the Chennai city police for permission to take out a protest rally from Manroe statue to Chepauk government guest house, police suggested a different route at Egmore. Questioning the refusal, a writ petition was filed in the high court seeking permission to take out the rally from Manroe statue itself. On Monday, Justice K Chandru granted permission for rally from Manroe statue saying that the venue would not cause any inconvenience to road-users as the rally is being held after office hours. Also, the right to rally or hold demonstrations cannot be curtailed or suppressed, he said. He, however, asked the protesting lawyers to take out the rally in a peaceful manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14084342", "title": "Rajya Sabha polls: CBI conducts raids in connection with horse-trading allegation in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: The CBI on Wednesday conducted raids on the premises of two independent MLAs and the relatives of several other legislators in connection with allegations of horse-trading that had led to countermanding of the March 30 Rajya Sabha elections in Jharkhand .\"Raids are continuing in the houses of Independent MLAs Bandhu Tirkey and Chamra Linda. We have also launched raids in the house of Pawan Kumar Dhoot in Delhi and Gurgaon,\" a senior CBI official said.Dhoot was one of the independent candidates who had been in the fray for the two Rajya Sabha seats on March 30.The CBI official said raids were also being conducted at JMM MLA Sita Soren father's house at Jharsuguda in Odisha and at the residence of RJD MLA Sanjay Yadav's father.This is the fourth raid by the sleuths of the central investigating agency after it took over the investigation into the horse-trading allegation that surfaced after the recovery of Rs 2.15 crore from a vehicle in Ranchi, hours before the Upper House elections.The poll for the upper house was countermanded the same night and fresh elections held on May 3 to fill-up the two seats.According to the FIR, the vehicle carrying cash allegedly belonged to a close relative of one of the two independent candidates. The CBI had earlier conducted raids on the house of independent candidate R K Agarwal and his relatives' houses.So far the CBI has conducted raids on the premises of 20 MLAs, who allegedly turned proposers for one or the other independent candidate RPT candidate for that scrapped poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14071040", "title": "Mewat sees rise in false cases of rape", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Mewat district in Haryana, where Muslims are in majority and which is also one of the most backward areas of the state, has witnessed a surge in false cases of rapes and molestation, allegedly for settling personal scores.According to Mewat superintendent of police, Pankaj Nain, police have so far cancelled 32 false FIRs of rape in the last five years while investigations into 19 other cases were presently on. In most cancelled cases, the complainants were Muslim women, he said.\"The cases which have been cancelled by us so far included those registered by vested interests, who wanted to settle scores with their rivals. In some cases, the complainant did not join investigations after registration of case or turned hostile at the time of recording of statements by judicial magistrate,\" said Nain.\"However, as provided under law, we have started taking action against such complainants, who are misleading police to settle personal scores,\" he added.The most recent case of cancellation was done last month. The case was registered at Punhana police station of the district last year and four residents of New Delhi were booked in a case of gangrape. Later, it was found that the case was registered to settle a property-related dispute.\"During investigations, it was found that the victim was present in a New Delhi court on the date and time when she was alleged to have been gang raped by the four,\" said Nain.Details provided by district police authorities showed that a total of 162 rape cases were registered in the district between 2007 and 2012.The number of rape cases cancelled by police is more than the number of convictions made by courts. Only nine cases led to convictions while the accused were acquitted in 52 such cases, sources said.Reacting to the trend, Jagmati Sangwan, vice president of All India Democratic Women Association, termed it as social issue.\"It's not just in Mewat alone. In most cases or disputes, you will find men putting women in the front. There is need for starting awareness campaigns in such areas. At the same time, police should also be cautious and ensure that genuine complainants don't suffer on this count.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070534", "title": "Record 95% polling at Nalchar in Tripura", "text": "NEW DELHI: Among states that held byelections on Tuesday, Nalchar in Tripura voted with the maximum gusto: a record 95% people turned out. There's a straight contest here between CPM's Tapan Chandra Das and Congress's Dwijendralal Majumder for the seat that fell vacant because of the death of CPM's Sukumar Burman on March 10. All the by-election results will be declared on June 15.Bankura in West Bengal had 67% voting while Daspur saw 73% polling. The two seats had witnessed 81% and 79.4% in 2011 and the returning officer held the heat responsible for the comparatively lower turnout. The by-elections in the two Maoist-hit districts were caused by the death of TMC MLAs.In Ranchi, Hatia, recorded a low 37.92%, with Team India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, accompanied by his parents, voting at Jawahar Vidya Mandir school, Shyamali. Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay's brother is running from Hatia.Maheshwar in MP's Khargone recorded nearly 80% voting, where Rajkumar Mev of BJP and Devendra Sadho of Congress are facing off. Election was called after Vijaylaxmi Sadho quit as MLA to join the Rajya Sabha. Mant in Mathura, UP, recorded 61.25% voting. The bypoll took place because RLD general secretary Jayant Chaudhary opted to retain Mathura Lok Sabha seat, said UP's chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha.Around 73% polling was recorded in Pudukkottai assembly in Tamil Nadu where AIADMK and DMDK faced a direct contest, with DMK not in the run. Kathik Thondaiman of AIADMK and DMDK's Jahir Hussain are contesting among 18 others.Other opposition parties, including DMK and Vaiko's MDMK, have not fielded their candidates. The bypoll was necessitated following the death of CPI MLA SP Muthukumaran in a road accident on April 1.(With inputs from centres)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14083546", "title": "Nokia launching its 41MP Pureview 808 in India today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nokia is set to launch Pureview 808, a smartphone with a 41 megapixels camera, in India today at an event in Delhi. However, the phone is already listed at the company's official online store. It has an MRP of Rs 34,999 though market price is expected to be a few thousands rupees less.Pureview 808, which runs on Symbian Belle operating software, is positioned as a smartphone with the world's best camera. The phone uses a proprietary technology to capture 41 mega pixels images and then compresses them into 5 mega pixels images that have vastly superior level of detail and sharpness compared to the pictures taken with other smartphones.While a user can shoot images in up to 38 mega pixels, Nokia says the best results are obtained when the size is kept at 5 mega pixels. The phone can also shoot 1080P videos. We had talked about the Pureview technology in detail here .Apart from the camera, there is little remarkable about Pureview 808. In a market full of phones with dual-core and quad-core processors, the phone is powered by a single-core 1.3Ghz chip. It has a 4-inches screen with a rather disappointing resolution of 360 X 640 pixels. There is 16GB internal storage which is expendable up to 32GB with a microSD card. The phone has 512MB RAM.Pureview 808 supports Dolby surround sound. Nokia says that Dolby enhances the phone's multimedia capabilities and makes it an ideal device to listen to music or watch movies on the go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14086500", "title": "Aik", "text": "CreditsFilm : Aik Main Cast : Swapnil Jadhav, Aditi Sarangdhar, Prasad Oak, Chinmay MandlekarDirector : Pratik Kadam Producer : Pradeep Garg Music : Rajesh SawantBanner : Matrubhoomi Productions Genre : ThrillerSynopsis: \"I care about the people who are close to me and I love them!!!\" Each and every one of us feels this way. But is it really true? Does this \"Straight from the heart\" feeling ever get tested? Suppose if someone really goes through the grind to discover whether these feelings are true, who decides on whether one has passed this test or not? Nobody really cares about finding these answers. We always believe in the fact that we care for the people who are close to us and not often the time comes when one has to truly face the test.This story is about such an individual who conveniently believed that he loved his wife and his three year old son more than himself. But along came the day when all his beliefs where tested and shaken to the core; that too in a trap which he had designed himself.Rishi Marathe, a creative director in a Marathi Entertainment Channel. His family consists of his wife, Aditi Marathe, a professional painter who has almost given up her career to take care of their only child, Vivaan. To save his Channel from closure, Rishi designs a first ever Reality Horror show to be telecast on their channel. The show is concentrated on a participant, who has to fight against all odds, illusions, and potential spirits and reach his wife who awaits him in a safe place. The entire show gets scripted by the channel under Rishi's guidance. \"Ranghar Palace\" gets finalized and to ensure that the show is a grand success; the palace is projected as a mysterious and supposedly haunted place by means of promotions on their channel. The night when the show is set to begin, circumstances force Rishi to participate along with his wife Aditi. The script goes for a toss when things go horribly wrong in the palace, leading to the beginning of a horror game show which no one has ever witnessed before, that too live on television across Maharashtra! \" AIK\" (Listen)!Music which can add more impact to its genre; is given by Rajesh Sawant and the songs are sung by singers Swapnil Bandodkar, Neha Rajpal, Sumitra Iyyer and Shruti Sawant.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070419", "title": "Delhi high court relief for Rishi-led chopper firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has stayed the Centre's decision to withdraw security clearance and suspend the permit of Ravi Rishi-led aviation firm Global Vectra Helicorp to operate its fleet of choppers.Justice Vipin Sanghi, while staying the Directorate General Civil Aviation's order, which had scrapped the operation permit of the aviation firm, also asked the government to \"nominate two directors on the board of directors of Global Vectra\" to oversee its operations.In its interim order on the plea by the aviation firm, HC granted it relief saying the Centre hasn't been \"able to show from the record as to what suddenly propelled them to withdraw the security clearance of Global Vectra, when, till the month of April 2012 they were dealing with it, inter alia, for the purpose of providing special security measures to the VVIPs/protected persons.\"HC said the authorities took a decision to suspend permit without following the rules and made it clear that \"Global Vectra and its office bearers shall fully cooperate with the government directors and provide all information to them and they would be entitled to participate in all board meetings of the firm.\"HC said the nominee directors will be nominated by the DGCA/ministry of civil aviation/ ministry of home affairs, in consultation with each other and \"shall enjoy all the rights and privileges as are enjoyed by the other directors on the Board of Directors of the petitioner- Global Vectra.\" If the government still concludes there is enough material to take action against the firm, it must proceed as per rules laid down, HC added.The high court's order came on Global Vectra's plea against the Union Home Ministry's decision to withdraw its security clearance, leading the DGCA to suspend its operation permit.The aviation firm, belonging to the Ravi Rishi's Vectra group, which is the largest shareholder in Tatra Holdings owning the Czech truck manufacturer Tatra, is facing CBI probe for allegedly supplying trucks at exorbitant price to the Indian Army.The Global Vectra had contended in its plea that the government had scrapped its security clearance and aviation license without issuing it any notice and hearing it.Taking note of the contention, the bench provided the government the liberty to take a decision on suspending the firm's operation permit but only after hearing the company.The ministry of home affairs on May 7 had withdrawn GVHL's security clearance, leading the DGCA to scrap the firm's permit to operate in India.Even as HC agreed that the government is entitled to withdraw its security clearance to directors of an NRI-held company or the firm itself in the interest of the country which has been subjected to repeated terrorists strikes, it maintained this action can't be arbitrary.\"The requirement of security clearance of the managers-chairman, directors, etc of a company or body corporate, where the company is held by NRIs, is to safeguard against the presence of persons with doubtful credentials, who may act against the interests of India,\" the judge pointed out, but granted relief to the firm.\"India being subjected to repeated terrorist strikes by elements, who are sheltered beyond the boundaries of India, can be taken cognisance of, and, cannot be ignored. There is nothing in the civil aviation requirements (CAR) to suggest that, apart from the specific officers of the company or body corporate, the company or body corporate itself would not be scrutinized for the purpose of granting security clearance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073413", "title": "Illegal slaughterhouse raided in Saki Naka", "text": "MUMBAI: Cops recently raided an illegal slaughterhouse in Saki Naka with the help of volunteers from animal NGO Karuna Parivar and seized over 4,000kg of beef. One bullock was rescued.\"Early morning on June 10, we had received information that an illegal abattoir was operating at Khairani road near Sakinaka. On reaching the spot, we saw four freshly butchered bullocks, while a fifth bullock was just about to be killed. Eleven persons have been arrested,'' said Bhavin Gathani on Karuna Parivar.Police also found one tempo (MH 04-EL 2120) in which the illegal meat was transported.Names of some of those arrested are Sayed Azis, Emaab Kureshi, Aslam Kureshi, Sallaudin Khan, Haji Usman Kureshi and Salim Ansari among others.The rescued bullock has been sent to the Malad cattle pound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14080258", "title": "Kidnapper of children arrested in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The central crime branch (CCB) nabbed a child kidnapper, Kumarapandian (35), from Washermanpet in the city on Tuesday. In April, Kumarapandian escaped from the police custody to which the police authorities said that he has been elusive since then.Kumarapandian was arrested by the Flower Bazaar police for roaming near Broadway Bus Terminus with a two-year-old child in April. The parents of the child had lodged a complaint that the child was missing from their house in Korukkupet. Police commissioner JK Tripathy transferred the case to CCB for further inquiry but by then Kumarapandian escaped from the police custody at Thousand Lights.The CCB could not trace Kumarapandian. Earlier this week, an informer had told the police that he had seen Kumarapandian near Washermanpet. Police teams arrested Kumarapandian, while he visited a dhobhi to collect his clothes.Kumarapandian told the police that he tonsured and disguised himself to cover his identity. As police personnel are searching for him on the pavement , he spent his nights at some temples. Kumarapandian will be remanded to judicial custody on Wednesday evening. \"We are hoping he would give us more on child buyers and sellers operating in Chennai,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14069677", "title": "Hussain had also painted wedding invites for his family", "text": "VADODARA: For every wedding announced in Hussain family, its members would eagerly await the arrival of the invitation cards. The images on the cards- brightly painted with bold strokes, interspersed by quotes from Quran \u2014 were unique to the extended Hussain clan. The members went out of their way to preserve the cards made and signed by their 'maqbool' (famous) relative, M F Hussain.Now these cards could become the next collector items, because not many knew that the late celebrated artist, who once painted film posters during his days of struggle, would willingly turn into a wedding invite designer every time, a close relative was to get married.The images could be almost called mushy if one did not look closely. Two doves preparing to fly out to the open sky, in the backdrop of a saffron Sun, with the names of the bride and the groom written inside the orb. The frame also holds two date palm trees, one coloured green and the other saffron swaying into each other's arms, and a camel trotting in the background, with what looks like, either a camel driver, or a packed house, with a crescent on top... the shape of a minaret visible on the rug draped on camel's back.The card he designed for young couple Nafees and Ozair, who are related to the artist, has two halves of the faces of a bride and a groom, divided by a V shape, along with the image of an apple bitten from the two sides and its stem ending up like a serpent... a wedding invite or the beginning of the human race through Adam and Eve, and the lurking evil or temptations? A couplet written in Hussain's famous calligraphic hand completes the picture, and the message, 'Phool sehre ki kismet se khilte hain, milne wale muqadar se milte hain'.\"You are open to draw your own interpretation, that's why it is modern art,\" Hussain's brother Ali Hussain, suggests helpfully. The septuagenarian, Baroda-based sibling, younger to Hussain by 20 years, had last hosted his famous brother in the city 6 years ago.The card that he made for his grand daughter Rakhshanda's wedding with Faiz Ali was his last. It shows a dainty figure of a Muslim bride, dressed in auspicious green colour, peering from behind the saffron curtains of what looks like a palanquin, but which has its door frames shaped like minarets. An Arabic quote forms the roof of the structure and five white, open-mouthed horses - the famous Hussain imagery. The image seems to evoke the scene of a bride moving to her new home, blessed by God.Zakir Husain, grandson of Husain's late sister Fatima, interprets the Arabic quote for our benefit, \"Translated, it means, 'Allah reham kare har momin par'.\" Unlike the other two cards, which are in English, the text inside this one is written in Arabic. However, Hussain could not attend the wedding.Naseema, who is the daughter of Hussain's sister Zubaida Sharfi, reveals, \"The wedding was in December 2011, but he made the card earlier, before he passed away in June. He would make the main card months before the wedding, because the painting had to be turned into prints for invites, and the same theme would be then used at the wedding, for decorating the stage backdrop, props and wedding memorabilia.\"\"Baba always arranged huge get-togethers whenever he visited us or anyone of us visited him. He never liked to confine himself in a bedroom, but would spend the day in the hall or the living room, spread his paints around him and sleep there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14076753", "title": "Brush teeth, cut cancer risk", "text": "LONDON: Failing to brush teeth properly can increase the risk of cancer as higher levels of dental plaque is linked to chronic health problems , researchers have claimed.Researchers said that infection and inflammation play a role in up to one in five cancers, and is a key element in gum disease caused by dental plaque. Those with the most bacteria on the surface of their teeth and gums had an 80% increased risk of premature death.However, the Swedish researchers behind the study have admitted their findings do not prove a causal link between cancer and dental plaque. Poor mouth hygiene may be an indicator of other lifestyle factors associated with cancer.Gum disease causes bad breath, bleeding gums and, if untreated , cavities, receding gums and tooth loss after plaque settles between teeth and under the gumline , the Daily Mail reported.It has been linked to chronic health problems including heart disease, thought to be caused by inflammation passing from the gums into the bloodstream, although US researchers have recently suggested the link may be coincidental.The study tracked the health of 1,390 randomly selected adults from Stockholm for 24 years, starting 1985. All participants were in their 30s and 40s at the start of the monitoring , when they were questioned about factors likely to increase cancer risk, such as smoking and wealth. None had overt gum disease, but all had varying levels of plaque on the tooth and gum surface.By 2009, 58 had died, around a third of whom were women (35%). Of these deaths, 35 were caused by cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14074331", "title": "Hotel fire leads to panic", "text": "HYDERABAD: Guests at Comfort Hotel in Chirag Ali Lane, Abids had a lucky escape after fire that broke out on the fourth floor of the five-storied building led to heavy smoke filling up all its rooms and corridors on Tuesday afternoon. Preliminary investigations indicated short circuit as the cause of fire that started at around 12 noon. No casualties or injuries were reported.Initial estimates suggested that property worth Rs 20 lakh was gutted. \"It could have turned in to a major tragedy had the guests on this floor been inside during the time of the mishap,\" said N Surendra Anand, station fire officer (SHO), Gowliguda. Two fire tenders from this station along with another from Musheerabad were rushed to the spot to control the situation. It took the firemen about an hour to douse the flames that started from the fourth floor corridor of the hotel.The smoke spread to all rooms even as guests on all the floors rushed out in panic. \"As the hotel has a decorative glass facade, there was no outlet for the smoke. Some glass panes on the fourth floor had to be broken to let the smoke out. The guests were alerted in time and rushed out or else they would have been suffocated,\" Anand said. In all, the Comfort Hotel has 34 rooms.According to fire officials, investigations are on to ascertain the actual cause of fire and total loss caused due to the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14074877", "title": "Mutt\u2019s 15-acre land grab under scanner", "text": "BANGALORE: A Lokayukta special court on Tuesday ordered police investigation against Adichunchanagiri Mutt seer Balagangadharanatha Swami for allegedly encroaching upon 15.31 acres of government land.Judge N K Sudhindra Rao ordered the probe under Section 156 (3) of CrPC and directed Lokayukta police to submit a report by July 13. This follows a complaint from excouncillor Lakshminarayana.Lakshminarayan has also named Parashantanatha Swami, Purushotthamanandanatha Swami and Sunil Babu of Adichunchanagiri Mutt, besides government officials Veerabhadraiah (then BDA DC for land acquisitions) and Rame Gowda (then special DC, Bangalore Urban).A former councilor, Lakshminarayana, lodged a private complaint with the Lokayukta special court, alleging that Balagangadharanatha swami created a fake government order to encroach upon the pricey land in Hulimavu, close to Meenakshi temple, and also illegally constructed multistorey school building there.The complainant stated that the government granted the Ramalingeshwara swamy temple trust six acres of land in 1981, 9.31 acres in 1985 and an additional 10 guntas of land later to drill a borewell. The ancient temple is inside a cave in a 1.5-acre land.Mariyappa Swamy, who claimed to be the temple trust president, conspired to negotiate the trust property with Balagangadharanatha Swamy through an agreement. Mariyappa Swamy passed away four weeks ago, the complainant added.LOOKING BACKAccording to the complaint, the then DC (BDA), Veerabhadraiah, allowed the transfer of land granted to temple trust based on a government order which he says is a fabricated document that doesn't exist. In fact, one of the conditions while granting the land to the temple trust was not to alienate the land. By virtue of this order, the revenue authority mutated the property in 1997. The remaining 10 guntas of land, which is at the northeast corner of the present Meenakshi Mall off Bannerghatta road, was shown as sold by Balagangadharanatha Swamy to Mariyyapa Swamy. The complainant stated that Balagangadharanatha Swamy, who holds no title, executed a sale deed in favour of Mariyyapa swamy towards the 10 gunats of land for Rs 54.45 lakh in cash. The Mutt later started unauthorised construction around the temple in the name of an educational institution. They also obtained a no-objection certificate to start BGS National Public School before allegedly forging a sanction plan from the Bommanahalli CMC to support their construction around the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "14069714", "title": "Udupi rural development wing tops Sakaala success list", "text": "UDUPI: The department of rural development and panchayat raj in Udupi stands first in the overall ranking in the implementation of Sakaala - The Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act - for the month of May, according to the rank list released by mission director of the scheme Shalini Rajneesh.The department also tops the list in total number of applications received and stands fourth in the number of applications received per one lakh population. The department disposed of 399 applications of the 604 received last month.The department in Uttara Kannada district bagged the second rank in total number of applications received and third in the number of application received per one lakh population. The district stands second in the overall ranking, which is an average of the about said two criteria.Of the 737 applications received, the department has disposed of 585 so far. The default from the part of employees in delivering services under the scheme in both the districts is zero.The rural development and panchayat raj department currently provides nine of the 10 services listed for it in the district.With the e-payment facility to contractors still not operational in the district, people are able to avail alternation in assessment list, issuing of trade license, building license, maintenance of drinking water, street lights, village sanitation, issuing of records, providing employment to unskilled labourers and providing no-objection certificates to Mescom.SA Prabhakar Sharma, chief executive officer of Udupi zilla panchayat, said officials of various departments under the zilla panchayat had disposed the applications in time and none of them were penalized.\"This is largely due to various sensitization programmes taken up for them and response from executive officers of taluk panchayat and panchayat development who were taking keen interests in the implementation of the scheme at their levels,\" the officer added.Shalini Rajneesh in her letter to P Kumar, director (panchayati raj) had asked him to take stock of performance of the department under Sakaala, especially in districts that are lagging behind.As against 11,043 applications received by the department in May across 30 districts, 8,496 were disposed. Raichur comes last in the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14072261", "title": "Online 'activists' commence Sena poking on Facebook", "text": "PONDA: Facebook, the social networking site used for creating the anti-mining and anti-Congress atmosphere in Goa before the assembly elections, has now been used by youth to oppose the intention of Karnataka-based Shri Ram Sena to enter Goa.Vijaykumar Naik, a dramatist from Ponda, posted, \"Ram Sene should not be entertained in Goa.. for that matter any organization forcing their thoughts in the name of religion should be banned.. religion should be absolutely one's personal matter..\" (sic)\"Personally we may believe in any god..saint..person..religion..sect..philosophy.. but as an Indian, Indianism should be our religion and Indian constitution should be our holy book..this is what i believe,\" (sic) he added in another post.Chetan Patil, former police inspector from Ponda, posted, \"Goa is peaceful state of India where communal harmony is maintained in spite of so-called spiritual organizations trying to sabotage the peace and harmony of the state. We believe in our constitution and we are proud of secularism. We don't want any more disruptive sena here.....\" (sic)Such posts continue to pour in. Members have also posted pictures of Sena chief Pramod Mutalik that were published during the Mangalore pub attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14071111", "title": "Special drives to identify child labourers in Varanasi conducted", "text": "VARANASI: To mark the World Day Against Child Labour, the office of deputy labour commissioner, on Tuesday, released a report of its activities conducted in the district under Child Labour (Prohibition &amp; Regulation Act), 1986.According to the report, special drives were conducted for the identification of child labour in the district. As per the rule, the rescued children are produced before the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) and medically examined for age verification. After the rescue, children were rehabilitated educationally with the help of basic education department. So far from December 10, 1996 to 2011-12, the 1992 child labourers out of 2744 were admitted to primary schools. The 852 children were found unfit due to migratory natures and other reasons. Out of 10 chidren identified in 2012-13, six were found unfit for admission.For economic rehabilitation of the families of rescued children, the unemployed adult member of a family is benefited through various schemes. So far 158 families of such children were provided employment. Besides, legal action is taken against the employers of child labourers. In current financial year, one employer of hazardous industry was fined Rs 10,000 while two employers in non-hazardous industries were fined Rs 3000 each. For employing children in hazardous industries recovery certificates of Rs 20000 is issued against each employer. So far recovery certificates worth of Rs 1.94 crore have been issued against 725 employers. A sum of Rs 8,60,780 has been collected so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14078208", "title": "Work on MSY's dream Lion Safari begins", "text": "KANPUR: The work on Lion Safari may speed up after instructions by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in a meeting with the officials of the state forest department in Lucknow on Tuesday.Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's dream project of Rs 35 crore Lion Safari, will be developed as per the guidelines of Central Zoo Authority (CZA). The funds would be released by the state government.Most of the works related to habitat of lions like uprooting of nearly 30,000 babool trees in the area, plantation of soft-padded saplings and grass, construction of approach roads, signboards, educative information boards to create awareness about biodiversity, importance of forest and wildlife, do's and don'ts, digging of trenches, lakes, ponds and active area for the animals had already started and likely to be completed within the next few months. Once the Safari gets developed, the state government would open the place for tourists.The government has already sanctioned Rs 5 crore. The state forest department, after finalising a master plan on Tuesday, will try to obtain clearance from the CZA, the governing authority of all the safaris and zoos, said Sujoy Banerjee, deputy conservator of forest, National Chambal Wildlife Division, Agra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14086053", "title": "Yaar Pardesi", "text": "CreditsFilm: Yaar PardesiStar : Claudia Ciesla (Big Boss-3 fame), RJ Dhanveer, Vandana Singh, Gurpreet Ghuggi, B.N. Sharma, Binnu Dhillon, Navdeep Kaler, Anita Meet, Anita Shabdeesh, Tarsinder Thind, Rupinder Barnala and Sanjeev Rai. Directed By : Gurbir Singh Grewal Release Date : 20th JulySynopsis : The story on Yaar Pardesi revolves around two girls, who have just landed Punjab, one is NRI Punjabi girl and the other is a Canadian. Its supposedly full of comedy. And as they say Yaar Pardesi would be the first Punjabi Movie to be shot with Sync Sound by Canada Trained Sound Designer Avneet Grewal.The film Yaar Pardesi is said to get released on 20th July, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14069541", "title": "Surat gems to glitter in Pakistan", "text": "SURAT: The recent visit of a high-level delegation from the Indian gems and jewellery industry to Pakistan has brightened the prospects of Surat's diamantaires exporting to the neighbouring country.The delegation was assured that visa procedures for Indian businessmen in Pakistan will be eased soon, paving way for direct exports.Diamantaires are hopeful that they will be able to start the exports within few months.Chandrakant Sanghavi, regional chairman of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) told TOI, \"Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani was very positive on the bilateral trade between India and Pakistan in the field of diamonds, colour gemstones and diamond jewellery. Pakistan government's ministry of production has assured to simplify the visa norms for the Indian businessmen coming to Pakistan. This will open up trade between both the countries in diamonds and jewellery.\"Industry sources said the direct export of cut and polished diamonds, gold and diamond studded jewelery to Pakistan is almost nil. However, the gems cut and polished in Surat reach Pakistan via Dubai and Hong Kong.The GJEPC-led delegation of 13 members participated in the four-day Pakistan International Gems and Jewellery Exhibition show that concluded on Monday.The delegation members were given a special opportunity to discuss about bilateral trade in the export of polished diamonds, gold jewellery, diamond studded jewellery, import of coloured gem stones and the import of rough diamonds with about 300 representatives of Pakistan's gems and jewellery industry.Sanjay Kothari, vice-chairman, GJEPC said, \"There is a huge trade potential with Pakistan in the field of polished diamond, gems stones and diamond jewellery. All this can be achieved if the visa laws are made a bit easier. We have been looking for an opportunity to establish direct trade links with our counterparts in Pakistan.\"Sanghavi said that if the direct export of polished diamond starts from India then the Pakistani buyers will get polished diamonds cheaper by 5-10 per cent from Dubai.Aagam Sanghavi, director of Sanghavi Exports and chairman of Indian Diamond Institute (IDI) said \"Pakistan has zero per cent duty on import and export of polished diamond, colour gems stones. But, the country attracts import duty of 27 per cent in jewellery. However, we have urged the Pakistani government to lower the duty structure in order to attract business from India. We have also proposed to provide training to the Pakistani skilled workers in the field of diamond jewellery making and gemology.\"The Indian gems and jewellery industry market is estimated to be worth $30 billion and Pakistan market is estimated to be around $10 billion. Moreover, the taste of Indian and Pakistani consumers in gems and jewellery is quite similar. Also, Pakistan has a reserve of natural resources like coloured gems stones, which could be further explored to satisfy the needs of the manufacturers in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073697", "title": "MLA attack: Cops differ on arms source", "text": "NEW DELHI: The special cell and the southwest district police, both investigating the murder attempt on Najafgarh MLA Bharat Singh, have arrived at different conclusions regarding the source of the sophisticated and costly weapons used for the attack.While special cell says the main accused Udaiveer Shokeen had bought the weapons from two Gurgaon-based gangs led by one Narender Jonty and another Nadeem, the southwest district police claims to have found have no evidence for this statement.\"Shokeen alias Kale held a grudge against councillor Kishan Pehelwan and his brother MLA Bharat Singh for the past eight years. When he met Vikas Dagar in July 2011, he knew he had his man to hit back. Then he bought guns from these two gangsters. He bought .32, .38 and .9mm weapons used for the attack along with three more weapons - including a .30mm weapon - over a period of a year,'' said Ashok Chand, additional CP (special cell and crime branch). Sources said they have the disclosure statements that state when and where these weapons were procured from Jonty, who also had enmity towards Pehelwan.However, additional CP A K Ojha (southwest district) said so far they had found no evidence that Jonty gang had sold the weapons to Kale. \" We are yet to link the weapons with Jonty. All we know is that the weapons were procured from Gurgaon by the attackers themselves,'' said Ojha.This is not the only point of difference between the two units. Sources say it has still not been established who all shot at Singh, though Vicky was \"definitely one of them.''Meanwhile, Singh was shifted to a general ward from the ICU at Vedanta Hospital on Tuesday. His family said that adequate security had still not been provided to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14069840", "title": "University of Agricultural Sciences taps seer power to improve farm productivity", "text": "HUBLI: Seers of various mutts hold sway in north Karnataka, especially in rural areas. People often go by their words on various issues -- right from household matters to making electoral choices. Catching the rural pulse, the University of Agricultural Sciences, Raichur, has planned to use seer power in improving the lot of farmers.The varsity has chalked out a unique programme wherein science and religion will come together to help farmers adopt better farming techniques and improve productivity.The varsity embarked on this plan after being witness to the fact that agriculture departments, which were supposed to impart training and provide information to farmers have turned out mere centres of seed distribution. They do mundane activities like seed and fertilizer distribution and clearing subsidies.Speaking to Times of India, B V Patil, vice-chancellor, UAS, Raichur said, \"Though there are several channels to reach out to farmers, effective communication is still lacking. There is a great need to disseminate information to farmers on various issues like scientific cropping, new farming tools, fertilizers and other inputs, new breeds and inventions. Seers can play a major role in filling this gap. Pontiffs of various mutts have the power to educate and influence farmers in taking decisions on various issues,\" he said.The UAS has had meetings with seers in Gulbarga, Belgaum and Koodalsangam regions. More than 100 seers of have agreed to transfer technology to farmers through mutts, he informed.Farmers congregate at mutts on a regular basis and mutts can serve as knowledge centres. Seers will speak to farmers on new technologies, subsidies, government schemes and various other agriculture related issues.If need be, agriculture experts and scientists will visit the mutts and interact with farmers, the VC said.With the help of seers, the varsity successfully distributed new breed of green gram, DGS 9, and new breed of red gram, TS3R, to farmers in Gulbarga last month, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075062", "title": "When reading, writing are difficult pleasures", "text": "BANGALORE: British author and critic VS Pritchett, a writer whose finely crafted and refined short stories are considered masterpieces of the genre, referred to the short story as \"something glimpsed from the corner of the eye in passing\". Bangalore-based writer Usha KR cited this while talking about young city author Anjum Hasan's (in pic) third book, 'Difficult Pleasures', on Tuesday.While calling Hasan a \"mature writer with a distinct voice and sensibility\", Usha also touched upon the art of writing short fiction, invoking Hindi poet and author Nirmal Varma's observation that short stories are like a web \"in which the quick of life is caught\".The event marking the formal launch of 'Difficult Pleasures' had an unusual format : In a marked departure from the usual way such evenings pan out \u2014 the author discussing the book with, usually, a fellow-writer \u2014 Hasan invited three literary figures from the city to share their views about her book.'Difficult Pleasures' marks a departure of sorts in Hasan's literary career as well, for her previous two works, 'Lunatic in my Head' and 'Neti, Neti' , were novels. While the first was based in Shillong, where she grew up, the second was largely set in Bangalore, where Hasan lives and works now, and where, she says, she blossomed as a writer.Authors Usha KR and Anita Nair and theatreperson and art patron Anmol Vellani spoke in turn, sharing insights not just about the book but the art of writing short stories, the particular kind of short story that makes up this collection, and Hasan's literary voice and peculiar sensibility -sharp , observant and deeply empathetic \u2014 that make her one of the most exciting contemporary Indian authors writing in English.Anita Nair, author of novels such as 'Mistress' and 'Lessons in Forgetting' , spoke of the effect Hasan's writing has had on her. '' For many of the characters in this book, the most natural state of being is one of bewilderment, and reading it, I realized that's also true for most of us as we try to make sense of life,\" said Nair.Vellani, director of the India Foundation for the Arts and Hasan's former boss, said her stories \"move close to the pace of everyday life\" and helped him make his own experience clearer to himself. '' Some critics say her stories describe people and feelings well but are weak in plotting, but I don't agree. By leaving blanks and refusing to tell us everything, she pushes us to fill up the blanks; in a way, to become our own storytellers. There is a certain difficult pleasure in reading this book,\" said Vellani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14070368", "title": "Cops to face action for not wearing helmets", "text": "PUNE: Policemen riding two-wheelers without wearing helmets will face disciplinary action. Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar on Monday issued an order that policemen will have to compulsorily wear the headgear or face disciplinary action.The directions were issued after constable Dnyaneshwar Gadekar (52) of Bhosari died of multiple head injuries after his motorcycle was hit by an unidentified vehicle in Bhosari on Sunday.DCP (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare on Tuesday told TOI that the traffic police has fined around 200 policemen for riding their two-wheelers without wearing helmets since January 2012. \"We will recommend disciplinary action against policemen if they were found violating the directions issued by the police commissioner,\" he said.Officials in charge of police stations have been directed to check the helmets at the time of roll calls in the morning and at night, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14078031", "title": "Youngsters keep off bypoll", "text": "RANCHI: The first-time voters gave Hatia bypoll the cold shoulder. An unprecedented poor response to the election was witnessed from the youngsters across all 425 booths in the assembly constituency on Tuesday.At booth number 269 in Jawahar Vidya Mandir where Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni cast his vote with his parents, only a few youngsters turned up. \"I am voting for the first time and it is quite exciting. I have come to vote because every single vote counts,\" said Amit Singh , a student of business management at XISS Ranchi.The magic of Dhoni did not work much on the voters. Sheetla Gope, a Congress worker, said, \"There is an unprecedentedly poor response to this election. The absence of youngsters too is remarkable.\"Similar was the situation at booth nos 210, 211, 212 at government middle school in Harmoo. A small queue of people was seen right from morning, but once again the youngsters were missing.BJP polling agent Raj Kumar Prasad said not a single youngster had come to cast ballot till 11am. \"A college girl came around 11.30am and was very excited,\" Prasad added.At booth numbers 266 and 267 at St Xavier School where too youngsters did not turn up in good numbers, a Congress worker said, \"The scorching heat may have kept the youngsters indoors.\"Sarfaraz Ali, a 19-year-old boy who voted for the first time, said, \"The main reason behind lack of efficiency in our political system is that youngsters are not as much interested in using their votes as they should be.\"Ali said Hatia assembly constituency had a large number of basic problems even in urban areas. \"I wanted to use my vote to choose a leader who will help bring a change and will work for development,\" Ali said.It is not exactly that youngsters don't care about voting or they are careless for the development of local area. \"At times, the system (the administration) keeps them away from doing so,\" a young voter who possessed voter ID cards but could not find his name in the list told TOI.At booth nos 279, 280, 281 and 282 in AG Colony, a boy who had come to cast his vote for the first time suffered the same problem. \"Workers belonging to a political party had sent voting slips of my parents at my home. But I am unable to find my name in the voting slips. How can I then use my franchise,\" said Saurav Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14070996", "title": "Major's suicide in US brings focus back on Sandhu case", "text": "JALANDHAR: Former Punjab Police officer Ajit Singh Sandhu, who was involved in killing innocent civilians during militancy days in Punjab and had later committed suicide by jumping in front of a running train, is back in focus due to the striking similarities between Sandhu and Major Avtar Singh, who was also facing cases of human rights violations and shot himself dead on June 9 in California .If the family of Kashmiri human rights activist Jaleel Andrabi, who was allegedly eliminated by Avtar Singh, fought long for justice, the sufferings underwent by families of the victims of Sandhu were equally grueling as the official machinery did everything to delay or deny justice in the case.One of the victims of Sandhu was a kin of martyr Bhagat Singh's sister Amar Kaur, who unsuccessfully fought for justice for over two decades.Amar Kaur's son-in-law Kuljit Singh Dhatt was allegedly eliminated by police officials, including Sandhu.Dhatt was eliminated by Hoshiarpur police in 1989 where Sandhu was DSP and police had claimed that Dhatt had escaped from their custody, when he was taken for recovery of items near Beas river.An FIR was registered in the case in 1996 even as a judicial enquiry had held Sandhu and other police officers guilty in 1993.All this happened after Dhatt's family moved Supreme Court.Sandhu was arrested in the case in 1996 and remained in jail after his anticipatory bail was rejected by the court. Soon after his release on bail, he committed suicide but Dhatt's case remained caught in legal wrangling till 2001.The trial started in the case only this year after the Supreme Court lifted a stay granted by the Punjab and Haryana high court.Advocate Rajwinder Bains, who has been pursuing Dhatt and Khalra cases, said that these were the only two cases in which trials started only after SC intervention against Sandhu even as there were several other allegations against him, while might of the state was trying to save him and other guilty officers.In the case of human rights activist Jaswant Singh Khalra, who was also allegedly killed by Sandhu, apart from Khalra's wife Paramjit Kaur, other witnesses were also implicated in false cases, he said.\"For a decade, when we were pursuing the case in various courts till 2005, all crucial witnesses were implicated. One witness Kulwant was implicated in an NDPS case. Another witness Kirpal Singh Randhawa was implicated in a false rape case, only to be acquitted later,\" said Khalra's nephew Harmandeep Singh Sarhali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075437", "title": "Navy clears officer of rape charge", "text": "MUMBAI: The Navy has given a clean chit to one of its officers accused of allegedly raping his colleague's wife. After claiming that the victim had not raised a 'hue and cry' after the incident, the navy has now said that the rape charges were levelled after the victim's husband objected to her proximity to the accused officer. The Bombay HC has asked the Navy to give the victim a copy of the inquiry report within five days. The victim would be free to file a private complaint before a magistrate or approach the local police station.The Navy on Tuesday told the HC that the inquiry had cleared the officer of rape charges and he had been found guilty only for unauthorizedly keeping a pistol.\"The victim never informed anyone about the incident of alleged rape and it was only when her husband came to know about her intimacy that she made the charge of rape,\" said Commodore M Joshi, commanding officer, INS Angre. The victim had claimed she was raped twice in in 2010 at her residence in Mumbai while her husband was away in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14073519", "title": "AIEEE: Ludhiana girl secures 5th rank in the state", "text": "LUDHIANA: Meera Gupta has brought laurels to the city by securing the fifth rank in AIEEE in Punjab state. Elated after topping the Ludhiana district, Meera said, \"Support from family, guidance from engineer Deepak Goyal and self-study ensured me the desired result.\"Talking about her success mantra, she said, \"There is no substitute for hard work and one needs to be focused on a goal in order to succeed.\"Meera has secured 91.6% marks in Class XII CBSE exam. She adds, \"If one is thorough with preparation, then there's no stopping you and you are bound to excel.\" Her parents said they were thrilled with the result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14085099", "title": "CB-CID to probe engineering student death", "text": "Chennai: The mysterious death of an engineering student, who was found dead inside a toilet at Velammal Engineering College here, will now be investigated by the Crime Branch-Criminal Investigation Department(CBCID).The state government decided to transfer the case out of Ambattur police and entrust it with the CBCID after the boy's father, Ponnurangam, moved the Madras high court. Saravanan, second year mechanical engineering student at the college, was found dead in October last year. After alot of delay and much media criticism the boy's post-mortem report was given to the father in January this year. Though the report mentioned several contusions and abrasions on the body, and opined that they might have been caused by a blunt object, the police did not take cognizance of the findings and alter it into a case of murder. Alleging lethargy on the part of Ambattur police, and apprehending extraneous pressure to close the case as a matter of suicide, Ponnurangam moved the high court.When the matter came up for hearing on Monday, Justice S Nagamuthu pointed out several discrepancies in the investigation, and said,\"such mistakes by police alone resulted in poor conviction rate in criminal cases. If the probe is flawed, courts have no other option except to acquit the accused, the judge had said. He had also asked the police to inform the court by Wednesday whether it was willing to hand over the case to the CBCID for an impartial and effective investigation.On Wednesday, the government informed the judge that the case has been transferred to the CBCID for further probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14082797", "title": "Sana Begum ventures into Malayalam Film Industry", "text": "The favourite character in a negative shade and gang leader of Telugu and Tamil industry, Sana Begum is venturing into Malayalam film industry.The name of her Malayalam film is 'Amazons Turning Point'. She is portraying the character of a mother of two girls. Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069626", "title": "Presidential poll on July 19, Mamata to meet Sonia today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The announcement of July 19 as the date for the presidential election coincided with Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee reaching Delhi on Tuesday evening for an important meeting with Congress president Sonia Gandhi expected to centre on UPA's choice for President.The Election Commission's announcement injected a sense of urgency into the discussions although the last date of nomination being June 30 gives Congress some leeway to seal taxing negotiations with allies like Mamata and outside supporters like Mulayam Singh Yadav.\"I will be meeting Soniaji tomorrow,\" is all Mamata offered on reaching here before hurrying off to meet Yadav at the Samajwadi Party chief's residence. Given their crucial roles in ensuring a win for a UPA nominee, the meeting is significant in view of a likely sharing of perceptions. Mamata may meet Yadav again on Wednesday after discussions with Sonia.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee continues to hold a slight edge in the presidential sweepstakes as the Bengal CM is believed to be ready to approach the selection of a UPA nominee with an open mind while reminding Congress that she would like to be part of the decision. The other candidate remains Vice- president Hamid Ansari.Mamata's arrival does not necessarily mean a nod for Mukherjee. On being told that Mukherjee's name was doing the rounds, she told mediapersons in Kolkata, \"This is a Congress matter. Let me see what she (Sonia Gandhi) says\". Mamata received two calls from Sonia on Monday evening and Ahmed Patel, the Congress chief's political secretary, also spoke to the West Bengal CM.The Trinamool chief has made it clear she would not like to be presented with a fait accompli as this could embarrass her given the impression of the leader being a key player in the UPA. Party sources also denied a linkage between support for a UPA nominee and the special financial package the West Bengal CM has been insisting on.Doubts have also been raised on the feasibility of a package as this might even attract the charge that an \"inducement\" was offered for support for the UPA candidate.In fact, Trinamool feels it is Mukherjee who may have made the connection rather than the party by holding an extensive meeting with state finance minister Amit Mitra amid raging political speculation over who will be the ruling coalition's presidential choice. \"The state government has been pressing for a package for a year now,\" said sources.The Sonia-Mamata meeting is significant as it could move the protracted stalemate between Mukherjee and Ansari closer to a resolution. It remains to be seen if Sonia puts up names and if Mamata does press her reported veto over Ansari for his connections with the Left and her lukewarm demeanour towards Mukherjee.An understanding of Mamata's priorities will help Sonia push the presidential negotiations with other partners and supporting parties after having taken matters in her own hands by meeting partners over the presidential election.Apart from Yadav shrewdly keeping Congress guessing about his bottomline, allies like NCP professed support but also added an odd caveat. On Tuesday, NCP spokesperson D T Tripathi enigmatically said, \"India's President will be acceptable to all. He will be a senior most person, who will be congratulated by the entire country\" - a hint interpreted as support to Mukherjee.Meanwhile, prospects of former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma , supported by Biju Janata Dal and AIADMK, remain bleak, while BJP leader Jaswant Singh added a new twist to the political scene by calling on yadav, ostensibly to explore backing for the vice president's post. It is understood that the BJP is not too enthused, while the SP chief politely explained his party's inability to support Jaswant.Announcing the presidential election schedule, CEC V S Sampath said, \"The notification of the president's election can be issued by the Election Commission on or after the 60th day before the term of the outgoing president expires.\" The EC will issue notification for the election on June 16. The last date for filing nominations is on June 30. Nominations will be scrutinized on July 2 and last date for withdrawal of nomination is July 4. The election will be held on July 19, and result will be declared on July 22.The secretary general of Rajya Sabha will be the returning officer for the election. Ballot boxes will be used for the president polls as electronic voting machinesBefore the calls from Sonia, Patel also spoke to Mamata over phone on Monday afternoon. Mamata, it is believed, had agreed to come down to Delhi for discussions only after she made it clear that a consensus between the UPA partners should be worked out and the TMC chief should not have to endorse a name that the Congress leadership has already decided on.Sonia is learnt to have requested Mamata to come down for a discussion here, because the Congress chief is slated to travel abroad, even as she had to postpone her travel plans by a few days, with the Presidential election on her mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14070657", "title": "Three held for youth's murder in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: A day after a youth was stabbed to death on a busy road here, city police managed to arrest all the three accused involved in the crime.Additional DCP Jyoti Swaroop Sharma said the accused had picked up a quarrel with the victim, Iqbal Khan, who was employed as booking window person at a cinema hall. \"The matter was also referred to the cinema hall manager, who pacified them. But late at night, the three accused intercepted Iqbal Khan on the road on his way to home and stabbed him six to seven times. They left him in a pool of blood. He was rushed to the hospital but he succumbed to his wounds,\" said Sharma.A team headed by Sharma, ACP Rashtra Deep and three SHOs of different police stations started the investigation. \"We started with the CCTV footage and the minimal information which the manager could collect when he tried to pacify them in his office. Finally, we managed to arrest one Kapil Sharma and based on his interrogation, we arrested Deepak Singh Sanju and Irshad Ali,\" said Sharma. The knife used in the crime was also seized.All the murderers are in the age group of 20 to 25 years and were engaged in petty crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "14072587", "title": "Hanker for ranks shunt these students to plains", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Parents in the Nilgiris seem to prefer boarding schools in the plains for their wards who have completed class 10, especially those that churn out rank holders, as they believe their children will score better.Every year around 10,000 students appear for the SSLC exams in the Nilgiris and around 87% of them pass out. Of the passed out students, around 75-80% continue their studies in the Nilgiris and the rest make a beeline for boarding schools in Namakkal, Rasipuram, Thiruchenkodu and surrounding towns, hoping to enhance their performance in the class 12 public exams. There are about 71 schools, including government schools, functioning under the common syllabus in the Nilgiris.Correspondent of Crescent Matriculation School, Ooty, Omar Farooq said at least 50% of the class 10 students from his school have opted for boarding schools in the plains this year. Out of the 46 students who appeared for the SSLC exams 40 scored distinction while six students got a first class. About 23 students had chosen a school in Namakkal for class 11.\"It is merely an illusion that children can score better in schools in the plains. Mohamed Nihal from our school scored 471/500 in the SSLC examinations two years ago. He has scored 1160 in Plus Two and stood third in the district this year. So the claim of the parents is baseless,\" said Farooq.\"My son Rithesh has scored 80% in class 10. To improve his score in class 12, I chose a school in Namakkal for him. The severe winter makes it difficult for children to focus on studies, so I sent him to the plains,\" said B Krishnan.Selvakumar and Viji have decided to put their son S Kiran, who has scored 66% in class 10, in a school in Rasipuram. However, they were not able to get admission there due to his poor score. They continue to hunt for a boarding school in the plains. \"It is mainly to ease the pressure for us. It is difficult to arrange tuition for him in all subjects. In a boarding school, the authorities will ensure that he performs well,\" said Selvakumar.\"Of course, it is a competitive world. Parents, out of anxiety, send their wards to boarding schools in the plains. Intelligent students will do well anywhere,\" said a retired headmaster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069777", "title": "Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee moots common admission for top institutes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) has demanded that various institutes like Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU), Dhirubhai Ambani Information Technology Institute (DAIICT), Nirma University and the National Institute of Technology (NIT) should have a single window admission procedure.GPCC spokesperson Manish Doshi has said that institutes like PDPU, DAIICT, Nirma charge Rs 1,200 to Rs 1,100 from students for giving admission forms. Since these are premier institutes there is always a rush to fill up form. He said that each institute has sold over 25,000 forms, making them richer by Rs 3 crore.Doshi demanded that these institutes were admitting students on the basis of All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) and hence all these institutes should have a common admission procedure. Doshi said that every year these institutes pocket Rs 10 crore from the students by collecting hefty form fees.Doshi said that Congress demands that there should be a common admission procedure for the 420 seats of PDPU, 240 seats of DAIICT, 600 seats of Nirma University and 480 seats of NIT. He also demanded that these institutes should immediately join common pool of AIEEE for admission and should refund the money collected in name of form fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074269", "title": "Rush hour at railway station", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With summer vacations on, there is a mad rush for rail tickets and authorities have failed to provide adequate counters to accommodate the growing crowd of passengers.There are six counters in reservation area, but only three of them are functional. Due to which, people have to wait in long queues for their turn to get their seats reserved. Even after standing for hours most of them don't get tickets and due to less number of trains, less capacity as compared to the requirement.Everyday a large number of people come to get reservation in Sadbhavna Express Lucknow, but most of the times they get disappointed due to less capacity and more number of travellers. Sadbhavna Express has five sleepers, two second AC, two AC 3-Tier, six general coach and two SLR but this is not sufficient as per the requirement.\"As there is a long waiting list for Sadbhavna Express, we have decided to attach four additional coaches to the train,\" said a railway official.There are two summer special trains, Chandigarh-Bandra train and Chandigarh-Dibrugarh, which run twice in a week.During summer vacations, a lot of people want to visit Mumbai, but they face reservation problem as the number of coaches is less. This train has seven sleepers, one second AC, six general coaches and two SLR. General coaches have 108 seats which is much less as compared to the demand.Talking about the long waiting list, station superintendent Parveen Kumar said, \"We are planning to add some more coaches to the summer special trains to cope with the situation.\" When asked about non-functional counters, he said, \"Only three booths are set up for working at present, others are for future use.\"Tapesswar Das, a resident of Sector 26, Panchkula, said, \"I've been standing in the queue since 8am and got my reservation confirmed only at 1pm, when my turn at the counter came. I did my booking weeks ago and had come today just to get the reservation confirmed.\"\"I was standing in the queue for the past two hours to get my seat reserved in Garib Rath, but the train is full,\" said Abhimanyu Bhagat, a resident of Chandigarh.For the online reservation, advance booking needs to be done at least three months before the trip, something which isn't possible in today's fast world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073969", "title": "13/7 blasts: \u2018No DNA match, but case strong\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Forensic experts have said that the DNA samples found on a pair of jeans and a toothbrush at Habib Mansion in Byculla do not match the samples of 13/7 blast accused Nadeem Akhtar. But this will not affect the blast case probe or the other evidence collected against Akhtar, senior police officers claimed in the chargesheet filed against the four accused.Forensic experts had found a pair of jeans with traces of semen. \"It did not match Akhtar's DNA sample but is identical to the sample of another accused, Naqi Ahmed,\" the report said.Even the toothbrush sample did not match Akhtar. He is accused of helping the two suspected Pakistani bombers get a rented room, steal Activa scooters and provide aid in the triple blasts which killed 27 in Mumbai last year.Cops said they have collected evidence to prove Akhtar went to New Delhi prior to the bomb blasts. \"He met Yasin Bhatkal alias Shivanand who handed him a packet containing explosives. Akhtar travelled in a train from Delhi to Mumbai and handed over this packet to the bomb maker. The bombs were assembled at Habib Mansion and Akhtar was aware of the blast conspiracy,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14069667", "title": "Air India Express 812 crash: Court may take cognizance of private complaint", "text": "MANGALORE: The JMFC II court on Tuesday sought the name and address of persons who would represent Air India (AI), Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and Airports Authority of India (AAI) in the private complaint filed by 812 Foundation. The matter was posted for July 21.The court's direction is an indication that criminal cognizance may be taken in the private complaint filed by the foundation's president Yeshwant Shenoy.In the complaint, it was alleged that the three government agencies and 12 officials were responsible for the Air India Express 812 crash of May 22, 2010 which claimed 158 lives.The submission stated that DGCA had failed to verify Airline Transport Pilot Licence (ATPL) before issuing the FATA (Foreign Aircrew Temporary Authorization) licence to Capt Zlatko Gluscia.It was also submitted by the foundation that AIE 812 pilot did not have the requisite flying hours of 737-800. He had just 400 hours of flying experience.They have also pointed out that Court of Inquiry (CoI) showed that the Instrument Rating Check (IRC) of the pilot had expired on the day of the accident.It was also brought to the attention of the court that in 1997 one Arthur Pereira had filed two writ petitions in the Karnataka HC against Airports Authority of India (AAI) on standards for providing minimum area for a stop way or a clear way in the event an aircraft undershoots or over-runs the runway.AAI filed a detailed statement of objections and both the writ petitions were disposed of by the High Court directing the AAI and the government to \"comply with all laws\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14078496", "title": "Five boys employed as labourers rescued", "text": "MADURAI: In a stark remainder of the plight of children in the state, five boys were found working in shops and trade outlets in Madurai on World Day for Child Labour Eradication. The children were found during a raid conducted across Madurai on the instructions of collector Anshul Mishra. Though the raiding officials found as many as 14 boys working in the shops and trade outlets, only five were found to be below 14 years of age. The boys were rescued and legal action was initiated against the employers.\"The boys were forced to work apparently due to poverty. But the employers were giving them a paltry pay,\" said an official. Almost all the parents of these children had wilfully sent their wards to work, the official said adding that they were also sensitised on the illegality involved in their act.The raids were conducted at Periyar bus stand, Kamarajar Road, Avaniapuram, Simmakkal in the city as well as rural areas like Sholavandhan and Sellur. Ten teams of revenue and labour department officials conducted the raid. An official said that measures have been taken to rehabilitate the boys and ensure school education for them.Meanwhile, Madurai rural SP V Balakrishnan had summoned 400 persons - all owners of brick kilns, automobile workshops and eateries and made them take a pledge not to employ children. The three sectors are the major employers of children. \"It was like an awareness drive. They were instructed not to employ children and were also asked to inform the police if they come across such cases elsewhere,\" said Balakrishnan. \"I have received information there are children employed in rural areas. Raids would be held across the district,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071418", "title": "Power failure disrupts rail traffic", "text": "KOCHI: Rail traffic between Kottayam and Ernakulam was affected following technical snag in the electricity power lines in the section, on Tuesday.According to the Ernakulam railway officials, the issue occurred at Piravom Road railway station after 2pm, where the overhead power traction line that supplies electricity developed a technical snag.This resulted in hundreds of rail passengers travelling in the stretch getting affected, as several trains were held up at various stations. The Kollam-Ernakulam Memu, Kollam-Chennai Superfast Special train and the Kerala Express towards Ernakulam got held up.The technical staff of railway, which attended to the problems, cleared the issue after about half an hour and railway traffic was restored in the section by around 2.50pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14075150", "title": "Assange wants extradition case reopened", "text": "LONDON: In a last ditch effort to block his extradition, Wiki-Leaks founder Julian Assange has sought reopening of his extradition case, days after Britain's Supreme Court ruled that the Swedish request had been \"lawfully made\".Assange, 40, has been on conditional bail and is sought to be extradited to Sweden to face allegation of sex offences, which he denies.His lawyers had argued that the arrest warrant against him was \"invalid\".The implementation of the May 30 judgment had been deferred for two weeks, during which Assange's lawyers were given time to seek reopening of the case on the ground that it had been decided on a point of law not argued by any side during the hearing.On May 30, Assange's lawyer, Dinah Rose, had sought two weeks to decide whether to ask the SC to reopen the case, surprising observers.Legal commentator Joshua Rozenberg had told BBC: \"This is a very unusual thing. It's not happened since this court was set up. Very unusual, and means there's everything left to play for still.\"He added, \"(He) can stay in this country for at least two weeks, while they consider making this application to reopen the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "14073426", "title": "Ludhiana Basketball Academy boy off to Japan for camp", "text": "GND STADIUM: After three Ludhiana Basketball Academy (LBA) trainees made it to the Indian camp for Youth Basketball Championship to be held in Russia, another trainee Palpreet Singh Brar has been selected for Basketball Without Borders-Asia camp, 2012, which would commence from June 13 in Tokyo, Japan.Palpreet left for Japan two days ago, says Punjab Basketball Federation general secretary Teja Singh Dhaliwal. The camp is being organized by FIBA and National Basketball Association.Budding players from different Asian countries have been selected for the camp, including two from India. Palpreet has been training at the LBA from last three years under coach Dr S Subramanian.Palpreet has participated in many national tournaments and camps in the last three years and even led the state basketball team in Junior National Basketball Championship held in Pondicherry.\"He was only 13 when he came to the academy. I remember he had been homesick initially, but once he returned from home, he proved his mettle with consistent growth in performance,\" says Dhaliwal. He adds, \"The players will get exposed to better training methods and advanced coaching from renowned international players and coaches at the camp in Japan. The 6.10ft tall dribbler is hopeful of benefiting from the international camp.Dhaliwal says the players would attend seminars on life skills, leadership and HIV/AIDS prevention and awareness, apart from being coached by FIBA/NBA players and coaches at the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14069600", "title": "Suspected Chandipura viral fever claims two lives in Panchmahal", "text": "VADODARA: Two children died of suspected Chandipura viral infection in Panchmahal district. The district administration has swung into action following the deaths.The death of a five-year-old boy was reported in Mora village of Morva Hadaf taluka in the district while a three-year-old girl had died at Tarvadi village of Godhra taluka.According to sources, the children had taken ill on Sunday night and were taken to local doctors in their villages for treatment. On Monday, they were rushed to Godhra civil hospital when their conditions worsened. When their condition remained serious, it was decided to shift them to SSG Hospital at Vadodara. But they died before this could be done.Health department officials at Panchmahal said the children were cases of suspected Chandipura viral fever. Samples of their serum had been sent to National Institute of Virology at Pune.The officials have started screening persons in the villages where the two cases were reported. A sandfly was also found at Tarvadi village where the girl had died.The fly is responsible for spreading the virus. The sandfly was also taken by health officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14086392", "title": "Minor quake hits Rohtak", "text": "NEW DELHI: A slight intensity earthquake hit Rohtak in Haryana this morning, the MeT office said.The tremor, measuring 2.8 on the Richter Scale, was felt at 8:46 AM and the epicentre was at Rohtak, it said.There were no immediate reports of any casualty or damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077155", "title": "Flash strike by workers hits garbage clearance", "text": "CHENNAI: Conservancy works in the Teynampet and Kodambakkam zones of the Chennai Corporation were affected on Tuesday following a flash strike by some workers of Ramky Enviro Limited, the private agency handling these zones. The workers are demanding higher wages.While corporation officials said remedial steps had been taken, residents were worried that frequent strikes could lead to garbage piling up. \"We have clearly instructed Ramky officials to solve the problems at the earliest and also deployed our compactors in the zones handled by Ramky, especially Teynampet, as a temporary remedy,\" said a corporation official.Officials said that after the corporation recently threatened to cancel its contract if it didn't improve, Ramky asked compactor drivers and helpers to do an additional two trips a day, offering 19 per tonne to compactor drivers and 15 per tonne for helpers. Normally, a worker collects 9-10 tonnes per trip.Ramky officials said the workers' demands were unreasonable. S D Venkatesh, head of operations, said the workers didn't understand the firm's pay scales. \"The additional trips won't be a burden on the workers and at the same time, will give them an additional 200 a day. Workers' salaries were revised from 6,300 to 8,000 in May. We also provide other benefits based on performances. But, they are always complaining,\" he said. Denying reports about shortage of workers, Venkatesh said they had taken necessary steps.The workers, however, said they were being victimized. \"We have been getting only 8,000 per month. But now, they insist that we do two additional trips without any hike. They should hike our salaries to at least 12,000 a month,\" said a worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069095", "title": "MEA reviews choice of steno as North Korea envoy", "text": "NEW DELHI: An embarrassed foreign ministry has been forced to review the appointment of a stenographer as envoy to North Korea after it was found that the nominee is not a counselor as was claimed when the appointment was put up to minister for external affairs S M Krishna.Krishna has asked for the appointment to be reconsidered after it came to light that senior MEA officials did not correctly explain to him the \"credentials\" of Ajay K Sharma, who has earlier worked with the Indian consulate in Suva.The decision to send Sharma as India's ambassador to North Korea in May led to an uproar in the ministry with IFS officers vociferously making their displeasure known to the minister. It has been suggested that the real reason behind the appointment is a reluctance of officers to be posted to the hermit nation that offers little by way of a social life.While there is no rush to go to Pyongyang, the posting is hardly unimportant as North Korea remains a nuclear hotspot and is a vital part of China's geopolitical calculations. The multi-nation dialogue over North Korea's nuclear programme and developments on the Korean peninsula are relevant to China's ambitions in the Yellow Sea, East China Sea and South China Sea.While stenographers have earlier been posted as envoys in relatively less important nations, this has been done only after their induction into the IFS B grade. The practice of inducting stenographer grade officials into IFS, however, was stopped more than three years ago making them ineligible for the position of envoy. ``Whether or not Sharma remains ambassador will depend on the outcome of the review,'' said an official.As it turns out, MEA's administrative wing failed to mention that Sharma was merely a principal staff officer in the stenographer cadre. He has worked as counselor in Suva only for the purpose of handling pay and allowances.The file was put to Krishna and later sent to PMO and President Pratibha Patil for approval. Government sources said Krishna has pulled up senior MEA officials, including those handling administration for ``keeping him in the dark'' about Sharma's credentials.It is learnt that MEA special secretary (administration) Ashok Tomar recommended Sharma's case to foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai before it was finally sent to Krishna.While direct-entry IFS officers are hardly keen to go to North Korea, an international pariah under austere totalitarian rule, the ministry clearly had no idea that the decision to appoint a stenographer cadre official as envoy would spark off a turf war between IFS B and others. In fact, many believe that a situation like this would not have arisen if IFS officers offered to serve in North Korea, a nuclear flashpoint.The B grade foreign officers are upset because they believe as the feel that direct-entry IFS officers are letting the stenographer cadre to encroach on their space. As a matter of rule, only IFS officers, including IFS B officials who have put in 15-20 years, can be appointed envoys.Sharma joined the ministry as a personal assistant 31 years ago and is not said to have worked with any economic, political or cultural desk making his appointment even more controversial. IFS B officials, asking Krishna to intervene in the matter earlier, insist that he has limited diplomatic skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071144", "title": "Indore, Bhopal bank heavily on stem cells", "text": "BHOPAL: Stem cell banking is gaining popularity in Indore and Bhopal as increasing numbers of parents are taking to the concept, which has the potential to secure their child's healthy life. The number of people who have registered for stem cell banking has increased multifold in Indore and Bhopal, placing them among the top 10 cities in the country, according to industry estimates.Every month about 500 parents from Indore and Bhopal are investing in the potential life-saving power of stem cells by preserving the umbilical cord at child birth, whose stem cells help fight against any future life threatening diseases such as leukaemia and blood diseases.This invaluable protection is proving nothing short of a miracle for some. \"My son was diagnosed for thalassemia (a genetic blood disorder in which red blood cells are not produced properly) when he was 8 months old and preserving his stem cell is proving vital in his treatment,\" said Sanjay Singh (name changed).The child was taken to Mumbai's Jaslok hospital, where he was cured of thalassemia with the help of his own cord blood cells, preserved at the time of birth. Doctors indicate that by the time he is 5 years- old, he would be able to lead a normal life.Singh and his wife were counselled about preservation of the umbilical cord, at time of pregnancy.Firms launch EMI facility to make stem cell banking affordableA majority of couples opting for stem cell banking are the educated middle-class, who are willing to bear the monetary pinch, in a bid to safeguard the future of their children. Some companies in the business have also introduced EMI facility, to make it affordable.\"The concept is not limited to the elite. It's a medical option for parents to choose,\" said Cyrobanks India marketing head, Ghazi Aasim. Since the process of cord banking has been granted regulatory approval, it comes along with insurance as well. \"Only cord blood could be stored earlier. Now cord lining can be stored too,\" he added. Controlled labs grow Mesenchymal stem cells from the cord lining, which are multipotent stromal cells that can differentiate into a variety of cell types including bone cells, cartilage cells and fat cells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14070918", "title": "Order to move kids from shelter home sparks protest", "text": "JALANDHAR: After the district administration issued orders to move children from Unique Home, which is bringing up about 67 abandoned girls, it faced tough opposition from people who have been supporting this home and have been seeing the working of Parkash Kaur, who has been operating the shelter home for the past two decades.It is not just the locals who hold Parkash Kaur in high esteem, in February last year, RIL chairman Mukesh Ambani's wife Nita Ambani visited the home and felt humbled before Parkash Kaur's simplicity and her affection for children.While Parkash Kaur was away along with elder girls and only infants and children were at home, the trustees said they were not even served a notice about shifting the children if there were any \"technical lapses\".While officials were adamant in shifting the children to Nari Niketan, the children, who are at the centre of controversy, were flummoxed. The women caretakers at the home wept while two-three kids lay still in their cradle.Jalandhar DC Priaynk Bharti sent SDM Isha Kalia to shift the children to Nari Niketan. However, the trust member, Naunihal Singh, who is also a trustee of Desh Bhagat Yaadgar Hall, said they had not been served any notice.When a delegation comprising the trust members and volunteers went to meet the DC at his residence, he did not meet them. However, he rushed to the shelter home when several people gathered outside and protested against the administration.The order issued by the deputy director social welfare, on the basis of which DC issued orders for \"immediate implementation\", a copy of which is available with TOI, has noted that the home was working very honestly and was taking care of the children very well. It has noted that eight girls were getting higher education and 12 were married off.However, this order said that they had received a complaint from Central Adaption Resource Authority (CARA) that the home was not registered according to the latest provisions of Juvenile Justice Amended Act of 2006.After massive protest, the administration wriggled out of the piquant situation by deciding that government employees would stay at the home to take care of the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071610", "title": "CCTV for Nagpur central jail in pipeline", "text": "NAGPUR: The process to procure closed circuit television ( CCTV) for the Nagpur Central Jail to strengthen the security measures within the prison has gathered pace.The jail authorities have already undertaken review of the existing security arrangement and conducted exercises to block the possible loopholes as per the direction of the home department. The government, it's learnt, is set to issue a set of directives as guidelines for jail security.The security measures have been stepped up in the jails across the state after the murder of an inmate in the high-security Yerwada jail in Pune last week. Mohammed Quateel Sidduiqi, an Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative, was strangled inside the 'and a' cell by fellow inmates. An inquiry by the state Criminal Investigation Department (CID) too has been initiated in the case.Bipin Bihari, the deputy IGP (central jail, eastern region), stated that security around the 'dreaded' elements has been stepped up. \"The manpower has remained the same but we have rejigged it as per the requirement,\" said the senior jail officials.The jail authorities have also conducted mock drills and other security exercises to fine-tune the existing jail securities. They have been asked to classify and segregate the inmates based on their backgrounds and nature of offences.Bihari said that the personnel who are on duty have been sensitized and alerted. \"We have also conducted searches in the entire jail but nothing unusual was found,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14076311", "title": "Beed\u2019s sex ratio at birth dipped to 702 last year", "text": "PUNE: Beed district's sex ratio at birth \u2014 girls born per 1,000 boys in a year \u2014 dipped drastically in 2011.According to the state health department's monthwise data of sex ratio at birth for year 2010 and 2011, the ratio of female children born per 1,000 boys dipped to as low as 702 and lingered constantly below 800 in most months in 2011.The ratio shows a sharp decline when compared with the ratio of girls born during the corresponding period of the previous year (2010).\"While sex ratio at birth is showing an improvement in most districts in the state, although marginal in most cases, Beed district continues to have the lowest sex ratio at birth,\" said Asaram Khade, assistant director ( PCPNDT), state health department.Compared with 2010, there is a sharp decline in the month-wise ratio of girls born per 1,000 boys in 2011, the records compiled by the family welfare bureau and State Bureau of Health Intelligence and Vital Statistics show.On an average, Beed district's sex ratio at birth was 831 girls per 1,000 boys in 2010. The average came down to 768 in 2011, a sharp decline of 63 points.Barring only one month (November ), the other 11 months in 2011 shows a sharp decline in the ratio of girls born per 1,000 boys when compared with the ratio of female children born the previous year.The ratio dipped to as low as 702 girls in January and remained below 798 for the remaining months. The figure crossed 800 only in November when the ratio was 812. A marginal improvement was seen in May and June.Even in the first three months in 2012, the ratio continued to hover between 781 to 795 between January and March. Only in April did the ratio touched 876.\"A sex ratio at birth of 702 to 798 in 2011 implies that 250 to 154 girls are missing out of the expected 952 girls for every 1,000 boys in Beed district every month,\" said advocate Varsha Deshpande, president of Lek Ladki Abhiyan, a non governmental organization (NGO) that works against female foeticide .The number of missing girls can be calculated from the difference between the observed number of girls born during 2010 and 2011, and the number of girls that would have been born if the sex ratio at birth was normal \u2014 952 girls per 1,000 boys.The state family welfare bureau office and the State Bureau of Health Intelligence and Vital Statistics get monthly data from the districts and municipal corporations about the number of children born. \"The average drawn from the data shows that there was a sharp decline in the ratio, which is worrisome,\" state health officials said.The provisional figures of Census 2011 show that when it comes to child sex ratio, Beed district is the worst in the state, among the worst 10 in the country, and barely better than the states of Haryana and Punjab. According to the census, Beed has 801 girls for every 1,000 boys under the age of six. The child sex ratio was 894 in 2001, a sharp decline of 93 points.While child sex ratio is principally determined by the sex ratio at birth, it is also influenced by a number of other factors such as under-registration of girls, differential infant and child mortality and age misreporting. Therefore, imbalance in child sex ratio cannot be entirely attributed to the practice of prenatal sex selection. The sex ratio at birth defined as the number of girls born for every 1,000 boys born is a more accurate and refined indicator of the extent of prenatal sex selection, states the report, 'Girls Missing At Birth in India' (2001-2008 ), published by the United Nations Population Fund-India (UNFPA).The comparison of observed sex ratio at birth in India for the period 2007-09 was 906, while the internationally observed normal sex ratio at birth is 952 or more girls born per 1,000 boys. Accordingly , it is estimated that the practice of prenatal sex selection has resulted in approximately 5.7 lakhs girls missing annually in India during the period 2001-08 . This is an estimated 4.5 million girls missing over the last eight years (2001-08 ), the report states.Beed district collector Sadanand Koche said if consolidated efforts were made by the state health department by involving its grassroots network of health workers like Asha (accredited social health activists and ANMs (auxiliary nurse midwives), the sex ratio can be improved in Beed district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075151", "title": "Miffed minorities make Congress netas anxious", "text": "BANGALORE: There was high drama at Congress Bhavan on Tuesday, when Muslim MLAs and office-bearers of the party offered to step down, upset at the defeat of former MP Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi in the legislative council poll. KPCC president G Parameshwara and opposition leader Siddaramaiah rushed to pacify them.Stunned by the developments, Parameshwara and Siddaramaiah, who walked into the meeting of Muslim legislators and office-bearers held in the party office, announced a fivemember panel to inquire into the crossvoting by six of its MLAs. The panel comprises Allum Veerabhadrappa, HK Patil, BL Shankar, VR Sudarshan and Naseer Ahmed.Saradagi, from Gulbarga, was the party's official candidate and was to get the requisite 19 votes, but he polled only 15. On the contrary, MR Seetharam, who was the Congress' fourth candidate and had been allotted 14 surplus votes, sailed through with 20 votes.Sources said that at the meeting, some members became emotional and said they did not want to continue in the party. \"When a national party like the Congress cannot safeguard minorities ' interests, there is no need to stay back and bear chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's taunts on the issue,'' they added. The Congress has nine Muslims in the assembly and one MLC, Naseer Ahmed. It is learnt the members vented their ire at Parameshwara for failing to work out a strategy and instead, pushing for a fourth candidate when the party was short of votes. It was also pointed out that Saradagi, a two-term MP from Gulbarga, had been assured during the 2009 Lok Sabha polls that he would be accommodated suitably after his constituency became a reserved seat during delimitation.Sources said Parameshwara assured the members that the panel would be asked to submit its report within eight days. Based on the report, action on expelling members who had indulged in cross-voting would be taken, so they would stand no chance of getting a ticket the next time.When members wanted to know whether this would mean taking action against MLC-elect Seetharam, who could have lured the MLAs to crossvote for him, the KPCC president is said to have replied in the affirmative.SECRET BALLOT KEEPS THE SECRETWhile many believe the panel cannot zero in on the six MLAs who cross-voted as it was a secret ballot, Congress sources said the party leadership erred in choosing the MLAs to vote for Saradagi.Known to be Union minister Mallikarjun M Kharge's follower, sources said Saradagi was allotted first preferential votes from North Karnataka MLAs, where the equations did not work for both. Interestingly, Parameshwara allotted his first preferential vote for Saradagi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14070975", "title": "Gondia sonography centre sealed on MP health officials\u2019 complaint", "text": "GONDIA: It may sound rather strange, but the fact remains that on receipt of specific complaint from the district administration of Balaghat in Madhaya Pradesh, a team of five officers led by the civil surgeon of Gondia district Dr Milind Sonone, raided the sonography centre run by one Dr Om Chhitarka in Gondia on Saturday, under the instructions of Gondia collector and sealed it.Following the reality show 'Satyamev Jayate' by actor Aamir Khan on a private television channel regarding the malpractices in the medical profession, there has been a spurt of reactions and counter-reactions on this issue.However, when TOI tried to contact the civil surgeon, he was reported to have been transferred and was also relieved. But the RMO of the local KTS District Hospital Dr Satish Jaiswal, who was also in the squad and also one of the members of legal advisory committee at his hospital, said that this was out of a meticulous research made by the health department of Balaghat district in Madhya Pradesh, and reported the matter to Gondia's collector Pradeep Kakbhore.The live TV show and incidents in Marathwada have only accelerated the process. Balaghat's health department was monitoring the sonography reports received from various centres and it was revealed that 90% of the women, who were informed that they were bearing female foetus reportedly terminated it after test and most of these tests were done at the sonography centre of Dr Chitarka.When asked as to why did they not send any of their women for this test to Dr Chitarka and trap him red-handed, the legal advisor said that they had planned it, but after this reality show, there was so much pressure on them to raid the premises that they could not wait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14075213", "title": "\u2018Crouching Tiger\u2019 actress denies paid sex with Bo", "text": "BEIJING: China's roaring sex and political scandal took a new turn with world famous actress Zhang Ziyi suing Hong Kong's leading newspaper Apple Daily and its sister weekly Next Magazine over reports that she exchanged sex for money with the purged Communist Party strongman Bo Xilai.The 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon' star is fighting back allegations that she was paid $110 million for sleeping with Bo and his rich business associates on \"numerous occasions\" over a period of 10 years.Zhang, 33, told the Hong Kong high court that the reports in the two publications were \"seriously defamatory\" and \"false\".The move shows that China's Communist authorities have decided to allow the actress to clear her name by fighting the Hong Kong dailies although the articles they carried seemed to serve the purpose of defaming Bo, who has fallen from grace.Earlier reports suggested she was being probed and asked not to leave mainland China. But she was later allowed to travel to Hong Kong, which is an autonomous region with greater judicial and political redeem.\"The plaintiff has been subjected to public odium, hatred, contempt or ridicule,\" the actress said in the suit while adding she would seek unspecified damages.Zhang denied Apple Daily's assertion that she was now under investigation by Chinese authorities and was barred from leaving China.The Apple Daily published a piece on May 29 saying Zhang \"is a prostitute\" and had sex with disgraced top official Bo Xilai and his wealthy associate Xu Ming for money on \"numerous occasions\", the court document said.Apple Daily, a Chineselanguage daily, is known to be critical of China's Communist leaders. This is why the article that seemed to strengthen the case against Bo caused a lot of surprises.Bo was sacked from his position as the party secretary of Chongqing city for \"serious discipline violations\" last March. He was due to be selected to the powerful nine-member politburo standing committee before the sack orders were announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073738", "title": "4 killed in over 100 BEST mishaps in April, May", "text": "MUMBAI: Four persons were killed and 180 injured in mishaps involving BEST buses during the last two months, claimed BEST committee member Ravi Raja on Tuesday. Raja wants the transport undertaking to sensitize drivers and reduce the number of accidents.However, BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta clarified that the number of accidents in Mumbai had come down drastically over the last few years. \"Our figures are the lowest in the country and less than the number of accidents reported in cities across the world.If you go by the statistics from April to May, then you will find that there were only 4 fatal accidents. This is less than what used to be reported some years ago,\" Gupta said. \"A few years ago, there were more than 90 fatal mishaps annually,\" he added.According to sources, the transport undertaking saw less than 30 fatal crashes annually. \"I do not have a magic wand with the help of which I can completely stop accidents.Mishaps may occur due to various factors, including poor road conditions, narrow road width and increase in the number of vehicles,\" Gupta added.BJP member Aakash Purohit highlighted the plight of an auto driver who was kidnapped and bashed up by a bus driver recently. \"It is unfortunate that the auto driver has lost his vision in one eye, I demand compensation for him,\" he said.BJP member Dilip Patel too demanded an inquiry into the incident and stringent action against the driver if found guilty. \"Such incidents mar the transport body's reputation. Several incidents are being reported in which BEST drivers misbehaved with passengers and other citizens on the road,\" Patel said. Raja too agreed that the image of BEST had been \"tarnished\" by the drivers.\"BEST drivers must drive safely and know how to behave in public. The undertaking must conduct psychological profiling of all drivers,\" Raja added. Patel has also demanded there should be proper rest rooms and facilities for drivers so that they are in a good state of mind while performing duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14076871", "title": "New logo to promote Puri tourism", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has drawn up an exclusive logo and tagline to promote Puri and its tourist attractions during the ensuing Rath Yatra. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik was likely to unveil the logo in Puri on Wednesday.To cash in on the huge footfall of tourists during the nine-day grand festival, the government has chalked out a vibrant marketing plan for Puri of distributing T-shirts and leaflets, featuring the logo and tagline, among visitors. More than seven lakh people are expected to reach Puri to pull the chariots on June 21. At present the Odisha tourism's tagline reads 'scenic serene sublime'.\"Rath Yatra is the best time to popularize Puri among tourists, who are expected to converge on the beach town from across the country and abroad. We will roll out the novel marketing strategy from Wednesday itself,\" Puri district collector Arvind Agarwal told TOI.He refused to disclose the tagline and logo design before the launch, but sources said the images of 'sun, sand and sun' have been emblazoned in the logo with 'Puri' written underneath it. The new tagline will read 'Green Puri, Clean Puri', sources added.The district administration has roped in Puri hotels to intensify its campaign. \"We will give T-shirts to hotels. They will distribute it among their guests. They can even use the logo in other products to woo tourists,\" said a district officer.Besides, the administration plans to install hoardings and billboards at various places to drive home the point. A kiosk, to be set up by the state tourism department during Rath Yatra on Grand Road in Puri, will prominently feature the logo and tagline to attract eyeballs.The concept has impressed hoteliers of the beach town. \"Many tourist places like Goa have been following the same method to attract tourists. Now we are hopeful that more tourists would come to Puri. We will extend our cooperation to the district administration in promoting Puri,\" said vice-president of Hotel Association of Puri, Debasis Kumar.Apart from launching the logo, the chief minister will also take stock of the Rath Yatra preparations. Various departments are making last minute efforts to plug the loopholes for smooth conduct of the annual festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072463", "title": "Baby dies soon after delivery at Nashik Municipal Corporation hospital", "text": "NASHIK: A newborn died a few minutes after delivery at the NMC's Indira Gandhi Hospital at Panchavati, following which the relatives accused the hospital for negligence. The NMC has ordered an inquiry against the doctor who operated on the patient.Varsha Dnyaneshwar Gore (28), a resident of Kalika Nagar, Dindori Road, was admitted for delivery at the hospital on June 11 at 4pm when she complained of abdominal pain.\"There was only one nurse for the night shift when Varsha was in excruciating pain. We told her about it and she asked us not to disturb her because she was sleeping. A caesarean operation was performed on Varsha only on the morning of June 12, at 9am. We feel that the child died soon after the delivery because the procedure was done late. It is due to negligence of the hospital that the newborn died,\" said Bhushan Ahire, a friend of the patient's brother.The newborn's body was sent for postmortem to the Civil Hospital at 4pm on June 12. An accidental death complaint has been registered against the doctor who operated on the patient. Since the afternoon on June 12, the Panchavati police had been present at the hospital as the relatives of the patient got a little agitated. ACP Ganesh Shinde was also present to keep a check on the law-and-order in the hospital.Medical officer of the NMC, Dr D B Patil said, \"According to the postmortem report, the baby's blood pressure shot up and heart rate was also very low. The relatives complained against Dr Supriya Sankhe because the operation was delayed. An inquiry will be conducted and accordingly we will decide what action is to be taken. Dr A V Nikam is conducting the inquiry in this case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14072137", "title": "Police probing BJP MLA's son's part in Porvorim assault", "text": "PANAJI: The Porvorim police are investigating the alleged role of a North Goa BJP MLA's son in a case of assault on four occupants of a car on June 3. Three persons-Jason Albuquerque from Anjuna, Estonio Almeida from Taleigao and Ohin Braganza from Socorro-were arrested on charges of rioting and mischief. All three were later released on bail.Police sources said that according to the complainant, Roland Cabral, a resident of Agasaim, he and three others were returning home from Calangute in their Honda city in the wee hours of the night, when unknown persons in a Chevrolet Cruze chased their car, overtook them at Porvorim and blocked their car by driving from the opposite direction. The occupants of the car also had an exchange of words with the occupants in Cabral's car at Calangute, the complainant said.Cabral added that \"while dodging the Cruze, my vehicle skidded and the tyre burst after hitting a divider\".In his complaint, Cabral said that \"immediately after the car stopped, the miscreants\" tried to open the car's doors, but as the car was locked from the inside, they broke the glass and allegedly assaulted all four of us\".In his complaint, Cabral said that around 10 people were involved in the alleged assault. Porvorim police sent all four victims for a medical examination. \"During the investigation, information cropped up about a BJP MLA's son being present at the spot when the complainant and three others were allegedly assaulted at Porvorim. We are investigating the matter,\" said police sources.Police sources said that the MLA's son's name was revealed by the accused during interrogation. The MLA's son name has, however, not been recorded in the FIR.Police had registered the offence as an accident until Cabral complained that they were assaulted by those travelling in the Cruze.According to the members of the \"accused group\", Cabral's car hit one of them in Calangute and the driver drove off without inquiring about the accident and that's why they chased the vehicle. Cabral denied being involved in a hit-and-run case.Police have registered the case under Sections 143 (unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting), 341(wrong restraint), 427 (mischief), 323 (causing hurt) read with 149 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071781", "title": "Brother of military spy held for fraud", "text": "KOCHI: Even as the Military Intelligence (MI) nabbed an army personnel for allegedly attempting to sell sensitive military information on a tip off by Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) from the state, the city police said the brother of the accused along with his friend had been earlier arrested in connection with a case of fraud from Kalamassery.The city police discovered the connection between the army havildar clerk Shyam Das, accused of espionage and wrongly identified in media reports as Sivadasan, and the two arrested persons, Das' brother Binu Das and Ajeeb, when DRI approached the Kalamassery police for the laptop and mobile phones used by the duo who were arrested for allegedly attempting to dupe a bank by pledging imitation gold.According to police officials, both Binu Das and Ajeeb were arrested a month back by the Kalamasserry police. At the time of arrest, the duo were carrying a laptop and two mobile phones.\"Binu Das is the younger brother of the army person who was nabbed by MI. His actual name is Shyam Das and not Sivadasan as reported. Ajeeb is a close friend of both Shyam Das and Binu Das. The duo has been released on a bail by a local court,\" the police said.\"While the two were in our custody, a team of DRI officials approached us asking for the laptop and the mobile phones. We handed over the devices to the DRI, which were handed back to us after a few days,\" officials said.Police said that they were yet to ascertain if the two had any role in connection with the incident in which the army person, a havildar clerk with the Technical Support Division of the army, was nabbed by the DRI.\"It has been learnt that the two have been to Mumbai for some purpose. As our case relates only to the fraud, we have not inquired into other aspects,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071345", "title": "On Senior Secondary Certificate result eve, students are 'chilled'", "text": "NAGPUR: Time was when students could be seen biting nails before results were due out. Things seem to have changed. While there are still students having sleepless night before their results are due, more and more seem to be in control of fears and anxiety. The Senior Secondary Certificate (SSC) Board results will be declared on Wednesday. TOI spoke to some students awaiting the verdict on their answer sheets. Most seemed very calm and composed before the day of reckoning.\"What is the use of getting tense now, just before the results? It was all right while preparing for the exam, or rather, when not preparing for the exam, when students were passing time instead of studying,\" said Rakesh Chinchone, a tenth standard student awaiting his result. Having similar thoughts was Shreyanshu Kotgule who said he saw no point in worrying and insisted he was calm. He also said his family was also quite 'chilled' and there was no tension in the air because of the oncoming results.There are still a few who seem to be harbouring anxiety. Payal Agrawal said that though passing was not an issue, in SSC scoring a good percentage was important. \"Everyone wants to know the marks and the family has to tell friends and relatives. Hence, it becomes all the more important to score well and that is why there is a certain amount of tension and fear,\" she said.At such times, students take to prayers. \"Everything is in God's hands\" is what students and many parents believe. \"I m just constantly praying and waiting for tomorrow,\" said Rajani Jagtap, another tenth standard student. She says it is natural that a little tension and fear are felt before the results as the boards are a very important stage of education. \"I am more concerned because I did not join any tuition classes, but I am sure I will score decently,\" she said.What has to happen will happen, is the belief for students who say they don't have much tension. \"I have studied systematically throughout the year and expect above 80%. Nothing is now in my hands anyway, so why worry,\" said Chetan Joglekar, another student awaiting results.Even if some students have a little tension, their peers have suggested ways to fight it. \"I cannot say that I am completely tension-free. But I am not the one to sit and cry about it. I would suggest people with tension that they divert their minds by engaging in other activities,\" said Sudhir Soni, who himself was playing cricket with his friends to drive away the slight fear in his mind.SSC results todayThe SSC results will be declared on June 13, Nagpur divisional chairman Chandramani Borkar said. \"We will be declaring the results at 1pm on Wednesday and students can check it online,\" said Borkar. Last year the SSC results were declared on June 17 and state education minister Rajendra Darda had announced that this year results will be declared three to four days earlier.Helpline numbersNagpur: Vishal Goswami (8275039252) &amp; DR Lanjewar (9730124877)Wardha: PK Shekar (9766917338) &amp; RD Chaudhari (9561601151)Bhandara: RT Waghmare (9890447045) &amp; PS Turaskar (9423177189)Gondia: TB Kare (9823648818) &amp; Milind Ranagri (9404860735)Chandrapur: RN Rahate (7588890187) &amp; Satish Patil (9421914353)Gadchiroli: DS Jawanjar (9421817089) &amp; Milind Patil (8055723067)Students to get original marksheets on June 22The much-awaited online results of the secondary school certificate (SSC, Class X) examination, held in March, will be declared at 1 pm on June 13 by the Maharashtra state board for secondary and higher secondary education.While the board will post details of individual marksheets on 10 designated websites, the original copies of the marksheets will be distributed by the respective secondary schools at 3 pm on June 22.This year, the online result is being declared at least four days ahead of last year. Last year, the board had announced the SSC March 2011 exam results on June 17.Students can access as well as take a print out of their marksheets, which they can furnish with their admission forms for Std XI or polytechnic diploma and industrial training institute (ITI) seats. However, confirmation of the admission will be subject to the submission of the original marksheet, the board has stated in an official release on Monday.Students, who may desire to submit an application for revaluation of marks, can file their pleas after receiving their original marksheets on June 22. The last date to apply for revaluation is July 2. Marksheets downloaded from the internet will not be considered for revaluation purpose. Original marksheet is mandatory with such pleas.Similarly, the last date of submission of applications for the October 2012 supplementary exam is July 2 and, with late fees, on July 6. These applications are to be submitted through the respective secondary schools.The Class Improvement Scheme (CIS) option, which was introduced in 2008, is available to students, who may desire to improve their marks. The scheme enables a student to take a second shot at the SSC exam in October and decide whether to retain the March or October marksheet, depending upon his/her performance. The October marksheet will carry the CIS remark.Photocopies of answer sheets will be made available to students, who apply for the same through the Right to Information Act. Such applications, with Rs 400 fees, should reach the divisional board office by June 28, the release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14083522", "title": "Kunji Ammakku Anju Makkalne is a hilarious sitcom", "text": "Amrita TV explores the extensive expanse of the TV comedy genre with the sitcom Kunji Ammakku Anju Makkalane. Kunji Ammakku Anju Makkalane is a carefree, uproariously hilarious comedy serial, which packs loads of guffaws into every scene; but in between the layers of crunchy humour conveys the message that, children who are petted and over indulged while young, grow up into good-for- nothing adults and bring naught but anxiety and heartache to their parents. It is telecast every weekday , Monday through Friday at 9.00pm.The serial is an offering from the competent hands of Sudheesh Sankar, one of the best directors in the serial fray today. Popular amongst the purists and prime time viewers alike, he rode to success on the back of heavy duty mega dramas such as 'Ente Manasaputhrikku' , 'Alippazham', 'Kanakkinavu' and 'Omanathinkal Pakshi' before switching over to classical fare in 'Chila Nerangalil Chila Manushyar' and 'Artha Chandrante Rathri'. In Kunji Ammakku, he hops genre once again to direct his megaphone at comedy for the first time.Veteran actress Sreelatha Namboothiri leads the credit list with Harisnath, Fazal Raassi, Dileep , Bijoy, Priyanka, Swathy and a long line-up of Tv stars forming the cast.Saraswathy , the teacher at the local village school, had taught generations of villagers their 3 R's and was respected by one and all. She is the mother of 5 boys. The village folk who had learned the lyrics of the time worn ditty \"Five children had Kunjiyamma\" from her, soon coined an appellation for their school mam, that stuck because it was so fitting- Kunjiyamma.Though Saraswathy and family were jocularly referred to as Kunjiyamma and her sons, the children had more in common with the Pancha Pandavas of the Mahabharata, but with ample flaws which made them seem like caricatures of the original. Saraswathy who was often envied for her '5 strapping sons' rued that they were more of a burden than any assistance or relief in her old age. Irked by her sons' continued irresponsibility, Saraswathy seeks the help of her niece who was settled in Mumbai. The advent of the teenaged Aruna upsets the placid equilibrium of the male dominated household. The disturbing proximity of an attractive young girl in their midst stirs up ripples of dormant emotions in them. Skillfully, gradually, ever so gently Aruna arouses thoughts of marriage and familial bliss in her cousins. Realizing fully well that all 5 of them were head over heels in love with her, she adroitly slips out of the situation and finds 5 brides for the 5 brothers from the eligible maids of the village.Five headstrong, willful daughters-in-law who have wrapped their husbands around their little finger, engaged in a merry-go-round for domestic dominance; five husbands who got more than they had bargained for; Saraswathy teacher who finds she has traded the frying pan for the fire...the plot unfurls into an endless series of side-splitting sequences that elicits gales of laughter from the audience.Developing within the sturdy framework of a plausible storyline and well fleshed characters, the serial doesn't lean on slapstick or buffoonery to squeeze out a smile, it generates genuine comedy that emerges naturally from the situation and the interaction of characters to raise a laugh.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070935", "title": "Rajasthan Cabinet to take up projects plans worth Rs 9,800 cr for approval today", "text": "JAIPUR: Ten investment proposals worth Rs 9,800 crore will be tabled for approval by the state Cabinet committee in a meeting scheduled on Wednesday. If cleared, these companies, ranging form automobiles to automatic teller machines, cements and pharmaceuticals, will open their manufacturing units in the state.The proposals include Brazilian firm Perto which plans to set up a manufacturing plant for automatic teller machines with an investment of Rs 200 crore. The unit will have a capacity of 1,000 machines per month and will come up in Mahindra Walled City. Officials of the company confirmed that they are ready to roll out the first batch of ATMs by end of June 2013.Suzlon has proposed to set up a manufacturing unit for rotor blades used in windmills for power production in Jodhpur district. The company has earmarked an investment of Rs 82 crore for the project and is expected to generate employment for 1,500 people. Lubok industries plans to install a first of its kind recycling plant for iron ore in Sikar district. The company will make steel from leftovers of iron ore.Similarly, Gujarat based Cadila Pharmaceutical has shown interest in setting up a bulk drug manufacturing unit in Udaipur. The company will invest Rs 500 crore in phases. Land has been allotted to the company by RIICO. Another Gujarat-based cement company and a subsidiary of Nirma, Siddhivinayak Cement is willing to set up a two million tonnes per annum plant in Pali with Rs 1,200 crore investment.\"The customized packages offered to companies have given us very good results. The government is keen to build the essential physical infrastructure so that more and more companies will show interest to invest in Rajasthan,\" said official from industry department.The Cabinet will take up the proposal of Chambal Fertilizers and Chemical Ltd which plans to invest Rs 4,600 crore for a new unit. Earthmover machine manufacturer JCB India's proposal to set up a plant with an investment of Rs 500 crore will also come up for approval. Hero MotoCorp Ltd proposal to set up a research and design institute, manufacturing plant and a global parts centre entailing an investment of Rs 900 crore will be placed before the committee for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14086633", "title": "Tamil Nadu chief minister demands removal of cartoon from textbook", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalaithaa on Wednesday demanded immediate removal of a controversial cartoon published in the NCERT book regarding the 1967 anti-Hindi agitation in the state, saying it hurt the sentiments of the Tamil people.\"The Dravidian movement should have been explained to students using photographs of that era as they would be the best tool for this purpose and instead carrying a cartoon saying the Tamil students was not required to study Hindi and that they were also ignorant of English hurt the sentiments of Tamil people,\" she said in a statement here.Further it was \"not acceptable,\" that Tamil students opposed to imposition of Hindi took to violence, she said.It (publication of the cartoon) not only amounts to disgracing the anti-Hindi movement but also seems to insult C N Annadurai (DMK founder) and (EV Ramasamy) Periar, who led the protests. \"The cartoon, originally published to explain the intensity and importance of the movement, has assumed contradictory proportions (in the textbook)\", she saidThe chief minister said, \"It is regrettable that a cartoon hurting the Tamil sentiments has been published. I strongly condemn it. I urge the Centre to immediately remove it from the textbooks\".Earlier, Dravidian parties including ruling UPA constituent DMK and the MDMK had demanded the removal of the cartoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14086263", "title": "Emma Stone terrified and 'hyper-aware' of death", "text": "Emma Stone has revealed that she thinks about her mortality on a daily basis and admits that she has been \"hyper-aware\" of death since she was a young girl, when she began suffering from terrifying panic attacks.\"I'm close to my mortality. I think about it every day. Not in a freaky way, but constantly. I feel hyper-aware that everything could end. That's always been in my mind, for whatever reason, since I was very small... I think I tend to worry more when things are good. I know those times will change,\" the Daily Express quoted her as telling the Sunday Times Style magazine,However, the actress insists that she has made progress tackling her issues with the help of a therapist.\"You know, it (anxiety) ebbs and flows. It's nowhere near as bad as when I was a kid... I feel very comfortable talking about it... I was in therapy for two years as a kid. As someone with anxiety, you're constantly waiting for the next (attack). It's how my mind works.\"The reason I went into my job is because it gives you an outlet for all these emotions. My first-grade teacher put me in my first play because I had the jazz hands in me.\"A year later, I had my first panic attack. I mean, I had really, really bad anxiety as a kid, and improv (improvisation) was kind of my saviour,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071449", "title": "Private dental interns complain about 'poor' stipend", "text": "NAGPUR: After a prolonged fight, interns at government-run medical colleges were able to get a hike (Rs 2,500 to Rs 6,000) in their low stipends from this year. Now, interns at private dental colleges have also expressed unhappiness over their stipend which is an abysmally low Rs 900.The amount does not even pay for the conveyance of the students to and from the colleges, they claim. Sometimes, the students also have to spend on some of the equipment required for the patients. This has prompted students of one of the colleges to formally write to their management asking for an increase in their stipends.\"Some of the materials like GP points have to be bought by the intern looking after the patient. At times, I have seen my friends trying to avoid more patients because of this. When government colleges can pay their interns Rs 6000, why can't the private colleges pay us a decent stipend,\" wondered one of the interns at a private college.The management of both the dental colleges in the city avoided answering the query directly. A senior official from Kalmegh Dental College confirmed that they had received an application for the stipend to be increased. He also said the matter was under consideration by the college administration and refused to comment further. Another official said that since internship was a part of the curriculum, \"the students shouldn't be complaining about it\".Pro-chancellor of Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences (DMIMS) and former chairman of Medical Council of India's academic cell Dr Ved Prakash Mishra said, \"According to MCI mandates, salaries of residents at government and private medical colleges must be at par.\" He also said he had no idea about the rules of Dental Council of India (DCI).Dr Mansingh Pawar, Dental Council of India member and joint director of DMER (dental) said there was no such rule made by DCI. \"The only rule is that the internship should be a paid one. There is no mention of the right or ideal amount and no rule has been laid down about any comparison of payment either with residents or those of the interns at government colleges,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070662", "title": "15,000 admission forms generated in six days: Rajasthan University", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan University authorities on Tuesday claimed to solve all technical problems hindering the smooth functioning of the online admission process. They said the university is receiving an average of one form every 12-15 seconds.S K Gupta, director of INFONET, a centre handling online admission for the university, said by Tuesday evening over 15,000 students have generated admission forms for RU and its six constituent colleges with barely a week left for the last date. \"We are trying our level best to provide a good online speed to the students and to make sure that the university website could handle heavy traffic in coming the days,\" Gupta said.He informed that at a time over 250 users are logged into the websites downloading admission forms. The online process was dead slow for the first four days leading to a very few applicants successfully downloading the forms. Sources said of the 15,000 forms, 4,000 came for Maharani College. This college has a maximum of 2,200 seats.The university is hoping to receive over 50,000 forms by the end of the admission process for 10,000 seats in 38 post graduate departments of RU and its six constituent colleges.The admission process is partially online as students still have to deposit fees and submit attested hard copies in the respective colleges. A university official said most of the students come from rural areas and it is difficult for them to use the payment gateway.\"Online payment gateway is a good system but considering its high cost, we have rejected the option because a large number of students are from rural background. Such methods could go out of their budget,\" Gupta said.Moreover, the number of banks for submission of forms has increased this year. Students can now deposit their forms in IDBI, Axis and Yes banks also in addition to ICICI and UCO, he added.The Bar Council of has made many amendments in the law programme this year which would be strictly followed in the university. The university has cleared that students seeking admission in LLB should not be more than 30 years of age unlike previous year when age was not a barrier.Also, they will have to clear an entrance test to be eligible of studying law in the state university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14071067", "title": "Congress leaders bat for OBC quota to Jats, meet Chidambaram", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amid increasing pressure from Jat leaders, senior Congress leaders from the region, led by Haryana chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Tuesday met Union home minister P Chidambaram, advocating reservation for Jats in jobs and educational institutions of Central government under OBC quota.\"Inclusion of Jats in the list of OBCs will be a socially just decision,\" said the Congress leaders.According to Hooda, Chidambaram assured the delegation that he would ask the National Commission for Backward Classes to expedite the report on the demand for inclusion of Jats across India, irrespective of region or religion, in the central list of other backward classes (OBCs).Leader of opposition in Punjab assembly, Sunil Jakhar, who was also part of the delegation, said, \"We have stressed that if Jats are included in OBC quota, then Jat Sikhs should not be left out at any cost.\"For the past two years, Jats in Haryana are agitating on the issue of reservation. But at the same time, groups of non-Jats have been opposing quota for jats.The Congress delegation, comprising many Congress MPs and MLAs from Haryana, Punjab, Delhi, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, pointed out that Jats are essentially a rural and agrarian community, which greatly contributes to the country's agricultural produce. But, according to the delegation, it is a fact that more than 95% of this community seeks livelihood as marginal farmers, with an average of less than two acres of land holdings.\"There is a strong feeling in the Jat community that they have been deprived of the benefit of reservation unlike other peasant communities with similar backgrounds. This has generated a sense of discrimination among them. It was also logical that Jats and other such communities should not be segregated and treated differently from state to state,\" said the Congress leaders.The delegation requested that the Central government should give the issue an \"urgent, serious and favorable consideration\".Union minister of state, Mahadev Khandela and president of Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee, Chander Bhan (both from Rajasthan) and AICC general secretary Birender Singh, who is also a Rajya Sabha MP from Haryana, were part of the delegation.From Delhi, Vidhan Sabha speaker Yoganand Shastri and Ramesh Kumar , MP and from Uttar Pradesh, MLA Pankaj Malik and former MPs Bijender Singh and Harender Singh Malik were part of the delegation.Haryana unit president of Akhil Bhartiya Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti, Hawa Singh Sangwan said that they would launch a fresh agitation, if the Jats are not included in the OBC list by August 15.However, former spokesperson of Haryana Pradesh Congress Committee, Ved Prakash Vidrohi, who has been opposing reservation for Jats in Haryana, has again stressed that there was no need to include them in OBC quota. \"Jats are neither socially nor economically backward in Haryana,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14069703", "title": "Caught on the back foot, Aloysius College seeks time", "text": "MANGALORE: St Aloysius College, which commenced mass communication and media studies (MCMS) course without obtaining Mangalore University's approval, has responded to notices sent by students seeking compensation. In the reply the college authorities assured students that the college is doing everything possible to resolve the issue in the utmost interest of the students.\"Students Harsha Raj Gatty, Sandhya C D'Souza and S Reena, who successfully completed MCMS, had sent notices to the college seeking their MCMS degree certificates. The students stated in the notice that they would be forced to take legal steps and seek the court to direct the college to pay a compensation of Rs 20 lakh to them if MCMS degrees were not awarded.In the reply, the college authorities told students that they were hopeful of solving the issue soon.On students' move to approach court, the college authorities responded that \"the issue is in its final stages of being resolved and any legal action will further complicate the matter and it will be a long process\".College registrar AM Narahari told TOI that they had convinced Mangalore University to award the degree under the nomenclature 'MCMS' with effect from 2008. \"Vice-chancellor has promised to send a proposal regarding this to the chancellor and the government after getting it approved in the next Syndicate meeting,\" he added.However, students said that they would not step back from their decision unless and until the college authorities give them in writing that they would be given MCMS degree certificates as offered in the prospectus.Meanwhile, in a letter to the vice-chancellor (a copy of which is in TOI's possession), the college authorities had said \"it was an unintentional lapse to start the course with the nomenclature without a formal approval from the university due to some confusion on procedural issues for starting a new course in an autonomous college and we regret the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073471", "title": "Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission raps Reliance discoms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission has pulled up Reliance discoms BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna for not complying with its directive to bifurcate the two companies and their corporate offices. DERC, which took suo motu cognizance under Section 142 of the Electricity Act against the discoms, will hear the matter again on July 31.The two discoms have informed the commission that all its directives had been complied with. They claimed that after appointing separate CEOs, work of most of the departments like accounts and banking along with their officials, company secretaries and regulatory HR have been segregated. Only the supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) system is still common, which DERC has approved in the interest of fiscal prudence, the discoms replied. They added that the operational cost of the system is shared between BRPL and BYPL in the ratio 60:40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075865", "title": "Nursing college students lodge plaint against \u2018harassing\u2019 prof", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-five student nurses from GT Hospital marched to the police commissioner's office on Monday to lodge a complaint against a male professor. Students said \"harassment\" by the teacher had reached unbearable levels and the college could not stop it.Nursing students from the college's last six batches have lodged complaints against professor Ramesh Bandre. However, apart from issuing memos and transferring him briefly nothing has happened. Principal Vrushali Deshpande said she had communicated against Bandre's behaviour to the higher-ups but to no avail. Acting superintendent of GT Hospital Dr Jeetendra Sankpal said the Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) had constituted a committee to look into the allegations. Bandre could not be reached for comments.A student said, \"He sent letters to our families writing in detail what we did in our free time, whom we met and also inappropriate details. He posted some letters to our relatives also\". Curiously, when the matter started gathering heat, Bandre allegedly posted apology letters to the same addresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "14077674", "title": "Residents panic as high voltage causes fire in shops, houses", "text": "MOTIHARI: Angry locals including traders and newly-elected ward members took out a rally on Tuesday shouting slogans against power board officials and local MLA and later sat on a dharna on NH-28A after over two dozen shops went up in flames and hundreds of houses caught fire due to sudden high voltage on Monday. The protestors disrupted the traffic on Delhi-Kathmandu NH 28A for hours demanding action against engineers of the electricity board, who have failed to change the old wiring in the town despite giving assurances to the local administration. Deputy chairman Raxaul Nagar Parishad said nine persons have been electrocuted in the town during the last two years due to breaking of live wire but nothing have been done by the BSEB officials so far.Raxaul DSP Jitendra Pandey said policemen have been deployed at every important place to maintain law and order and the police will take action against erring officials of the BSEB in this regard. SDO Jitendra Sah said they have already informed the higher officials of BSEB and action will be taken against those found guilty. Repeated incidents of wire breaking in town has caused law and order problem several times here. According to reports, a live wire of 11,000 volt on Tuesday fell on the road near the post office. All nearby shops and houses registered sharp increase in voltage and many meters were burnt. .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073239", "title": "Qateel Siddiqui murder: Yerawada jail visitor records searched", "text": "MUMBAI: The Pune police, currently probing the murder of Bangalore bomb blast case suspect Qateel Siddiqui inside Yerawada jail, is now examining the visitors register at the jail to find out who visited the duo accused in the murder case in the last one month. Siddiqui was strangled to death in his cell by two gangsters, Sharad Mohol and Ashok Bhalerao, on Friday. tnnHe had been arrested by the Maharashtra ATS in connection with his alleged role in an attempt to plant a bomb outside the Dagdu Seth Halwai temple in Pune on February 13, 2010. He was also suspected to be involved in the Delhi Jama Masjid firing case and the blast near Bangalore's Chinnaswamy stadium.Mohol and Bhalerao have been booked for Siddiqui's murder. \"Investigators have gone through the jail register and have taken down details about the visitors in the last one month. They will cross check the background and credentials of the visitors and the purpose of their meeting with Mohol and Bhalerao,\" said a police source. While Siddiqui's relatives allege the murder was pre-planned, the two accused said it was the result of a sudden fight.Cops are also looking up the last visit of the two accused to a Pune court, which happened just two days prior to the murder. \"We are going by the evidence and trying to conduct a fair probe. We are in the process of verifying facts and corroborating various people's statements. It is too early to say anything about the developments in the probe,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14072178", "title": "Green activist sees red over Dhabdhabo roadblock, claims MV Act ignored", "text": "KERI: Environmental activist Ramesh Gauns has lodged a complaint with the Bicholim police over the alleged illegal blocking of a public road from Dhabdhabo-Pilgao to Sarmanas.Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar, in a letter back to Gauns, has asked the activist to approach the \"proper authority and obtain necessary order regarding blocking of public road at Dhabdhabo\".Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Gauns said, \"Sesa Goa has built a compound wall across the public road MDR-20 at Dhabdhabo, totally restraining and denying access to individuals to pass through as pedestrians.\"He claimed the firm has violated Section 115 of the Motor Vehicle Act 1988 as the road is yet to be denotified. North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan, via an order issued on October 25, 2011, had banned public transport from plying on the road that connects Bicholim to Sarmanas by passing through the mining zone at Dhabdhabo.\"Under the MV Act the road has to be subsequently denotified. But this has not happened yet,\" Gauns said.He claimed the mining firm, after building the compound wall, has started digging a huge pit for excavation of mineral ore.\"The alternative road provided is unsafe. It has no 15m setback and the tailing pond is adjacent to it making it dangerous for road users,\" said Gauns.Abdulla Khan, associate general manager, Vedanta, told TOI, \"We will refer the matter to our legal cell.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070201", "title": "West Bengal govt plans takeover of land without legal heirs", "text": "KOLKATA: Land is surely turning out to be priceless in Bengal, which is often dubbed as a land-critical state. With an eye on optimal utilization of the land available, the Mamata Banerjee-government has drafted a Bill that will enable the state to take over land without legal heirs.It may be noted that the land under cultivation has many dependents which makes the change in nature of land very crucial. The Singur misadventure has already proved that the government can't just take land at will. Considering the land scarcity, the government, also, can't afford to keep large tracts of land lying unused on grounds that owners didn't leave heirs behind. Such unclaimed land was usually purchased by people other than family members through court of law.The draft Bill - West Bengal Escheats Forfeiture Bill - will empower the state to get custody of such land. The government is planning to use such properties for industry, infrastructure and housing projects.Sources said that the reason for framing this new law is that it has come to the notice of the state that there are several properties here which have no legal heirs and are illegally occupied. \"In Asansol-Durgapur belt there are several hundred of acres which have no legal heirs and these can be used for industry.\"Similarly, in South and North 24-Parganas, there are properties which don't have heirs and are controlled by local 'criminals'. \"Such properties have also been traced in the border districts of Nadia, Murshidabad and Malda,\" an official said. He added that there are several plots in the prime locations of Kolkata without legal owners and these can be easily acquired by the state government for setting up its offices. \"Even there are plots of many royal families without any legal heirs and those are now under control of the illegal occupants, which can be used by the government. There are many tenants, too, who are controlling prime properties as the original owners are dead.\"Even the companies, that have closed down factories and have huge land under its control, will be acquired by the state government under this act, if there is no proper owner. Once the Bill gets the nod of the Governor, the land officials will be asked to check the ownership of land tracts. The block land revenue officers will be entrusted with the job to find out the information about the plots. Generally, the amins or bhumisahayaks know about the plot holders. So, they will also be roped in to spot ownerless plots.The official said there is a Supreme Court ruling, also, that if an owner dies without heir, his firm's property and money, lying with the banks, will pass on to the government. Now, the state government's job will be to spot the properties.According to him, there are many bank accounts which are non-operative as there are no heirs. He said the office of the administrator general and official trustee (AGOT) has with it several crores, as the trustees of various trusts are now dead and the ownership of these trusts and their property is with the AGOT. Prasun Bhattacharya of AGOT said as the state is processing this new Bill, they have started making a list of such properties in the city.\"Such property will be vest in the state government,\" Bhattacharya said.The collectors will be given power to take possession of such plots and take steps to utilize those to generate revenues. Moreover, they will have to invite claimants to such properties publicly to check if those are actually ownerless or not. The state is making regulations for custody and disposal of such plots and properties.Given the land scarcity, the state is hell-bent upon making an optimal utilisation of the land available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14071054", "title": "Miscreants arrested in rice mill owner loot case", "text": "VARANASI: The city police, on Tuesday, claimed to have worked out the sensational loot incident, in which a rice mill owner was shot at in Bhadauchungi area on May 29. Two miscreants have been arrested with a .9mm pistol, live cartridges, cash worth Rs 34,000 and a motorcycle.It may be recalled that the rice mill owner, Rajkumar Gupta, a native of Teliana under Adampur police station, was shot at by three miscreants at Bhadauchungi area on May 29, when he was heading towards his rice mill with cash Rs four lakh. After the incident, the miscreants fled from the scene on a motorcycle and a scooty with the bag containing cash.According to SSP, BD Polson, \"apart from Adampur police, the special operation group was also engaged to workout this case. The cops succeeded in nabbing two miscreants, identified as Mahesh Kanojia of Teliana and Ranjit Sonekar of Bhadauchungi area, from Kashi Railway Station. During initial interrogation of police, it came to light that Mahesh and Ranjit belonged to the gang of Rajesh Chawdhary, who was lodged in jail since October 2010 and had recently come out of the jail.After the incident, Mahesh and Ranjit got Rs 20,000 each from Rajesh and they decided to divide the remaining amount after sometime. Later, Rajesh fled in different direction while Mahesh left the city for Faizabad and Ranjit preferred to stay in the city. Polson expressed the hope that Rajesh would also be nabbed very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14070997", "title": "Betul\u2019s conjoined twins to be operated on June 20", "text": "BHOPAL: The wait seems over for the doctors and staff at the Padhar hospital in Betul as conjoined twins, abandoned by their parents a year back, would be separated on June 20. The surgery would be carried out by a team of about 30 doctors that include surgeons from Australia who will be specially flown in for the surgery.Stuti and Aradhna - both meaning prayer in Hindi- are now about 11 months old. The doctors and the staff of the hospital, a charitable multispecialty hospital belonging to the Evangelical Lutheran Church, have already fallen in love with them.Dr Rajeev Chowdhry, superintendent of the hospital and a known plastic surgeon told TOI, \"Our paediatricians have been taking care of them, ever since these kids were placed in the neo- natal intensive care unit.\"Now the twin play, giggle and weep like other kids as we all watch them affectionately, says the doctor who would be a part of the team that would operate upon them joined at chest and abdomen. Basically, there would be three steps- anaesthesia, separation and closure before the kids are going to be two different entities. The first step would be to separate the conjoined from the chest and abdomen. Though the hearts are separate, the doctors are still expecting \"some surprises\" during the surgery, said Dr ChowdhryOnce the babies are separated, they would be placed on two different tables for the plastic surgery, he explained.Dr Chowdhry himself would perform the plastic surgery along with a team of surgeons \"to close the big defect in the chest and the abdomen\". For the post -operative care, special nurses have been arranged from different parts of the country. Meanwhile the parents Hariram and Maya Yadav, who stay in a village about 40 kms away from the hospital are praying.\"Maya has started observing fast on Monday and Friday, She has been visiting to the temples also praying for a successful operation\", says Hariram, a marginal farmer. This is the same couple that had \"donated\" (read deserted) the twins almost immediately after their birth on July 2 last year.When the realised they would not be able to bear the operation expenses, they donated the twins on a Rs 100 stamp paper.Later the hospital authorities persuaded them also to take back the kids as \"as many people have shown interest to adopt them\".For the last 11 months, the hospital has expensed almost a lakh every month on the care of the kids. The state government also promised some financial assistance, though they are yet to reach the hospital for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14083257", "title": "For a cause", "text": "He announced on Monday that he wants to raise funds for a school at Guntur which was started by well-known freedom fighter and social reformer Unnava Lakshminarayana in 1922.He says, \"This was the first school for women and also the first one to stars teaching Telugu and Sanskrit. Now that the school is in need of some financial help to encourage female education, from our side we would like to contribute funds for the school.\" To get funds for the school, a cultural event has been organised on Saturday at Satya Sai Nigamagamam. Apart from Tollywood stars, young singers like Geetha Madhuri, Sri Krishna and Hema Chandra will be participating. Veteran director Dasari Narayana Rao and MLA Jayasudha will also be present in this event, according to Tammareddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069582", "title": "States come under CBI\u2019s coalgate scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation will soon write to coal producing state governments seeking to know the basis of their recommendations given to private companies who were allocated coal blocks between 2006 and 2009. The agency in its prima facie investigation has found some material which shows that several ineligible companies had allegedly got the coal blocks during the period, CBI sources said.The CBI is now trying to ascertain whether these companies were recommended by the state governments as per the norms and parameters or there was a violation, they said. The agency will be writing to Chief Secretaries of all the coal producing states which are the members of Screening Committee which short-lists the companies for allocating coal blocks in the country, said the sources.The CBI is undertaking humongous task of scanning over 70 trunks of documents related to coal block allocation which are lying with coal ministry before filing any FIR in connection with the case. CBI sources said the investigations in coal blocks are huge because of documentation and spread of these blocks across number of states. They said 1422 application for 64 coal blocks were received by the coal ministry between 2006 and 2009 from 146 private companies and all these documents have to be scrutinised.They said the agency will also examine the members of screening committee to understand any alleged irregularities in the allocation. The CBI had initiated a preliminary enquiry in connection with the alleged irregularities in the utilisation and allocation of coal blocks allocated to private companies between 2006 and 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14071085", "title": "BHU to constitute intercultural study centre", "text": "VARANASI: The Banaras Hindu University had approved to constitute Intercultural Study Centre and Malaviya Mulya Anusheelan Kendra, as an independent interdisciplinary centre under the aegis of the faculty of arts as a tribute to the founder of the university and great patriot Mahamana Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya on his 150th birth anniversary celebrations.According to the BHU spokesperson, the executive council has had approved the recommendation of the academic council as per the notification issued by registrar VK Kumra. In a meeting of the coordinating committee of these centres held under the chairmanship of the head of the department of the foreign language studies (Faculty of Arts), Kamal Sheel, it was decided to host lectures and deliberations around Ramayana and its various cultural expressions in south and south-east Asia during 150th jayanti year of founder.Fellowship awarded: Former vice-chancellor of CSM Medical University, Lucknow, Saroj Churamani Gopal has been conferred with Raja Ramanna fellowship by the department of atomic energy. This fellowship will be initially for the period of three years.After a review, it may be renewable for further two years. She will get Rs 40,000 month as honorarium in addition to Rs 1.5 lakh contingency per annum. Gopal, who is currently first emeritus professor of Institute of Medical Sciences, BHU, will be working on patients of spinal cord Injury. She will work on spinal cord regeneration with the help of stem cell therapy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14074103", "title": "1 dead, 2 hurt after car falls into Ghaziabad canal", "text": "GHAZIABAD: One person died and another two were critically injured when their car fell into a canal in the Loni area of Ghaziabad on Tuesday. The injured were taken to Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital in Delhi.According to police, the three, Firoz, Amit and Umesh, were travelling in an Alto alongside a canal in Siloni village when their vehicle capsized and fell into the canal. Amit was reported to have died immediately, said police. Umesh and Firoz were rescued by nearby villagers after which they were rushed to the hospital. The incident took place around 3:30pm.\"We are still unsure about why or how the car fell into the canal. But it was travelling on a narrow slip road next to the canal and we suspect that the driver lost control and the car fell,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14273151", "title": "Running for cover", "text": "NEW DELHI: The heat is killing, quite literally so in some states. Hundreds of people and animals have lost their lives due to heat-related complications, especially in West Bengal and Odisha. The searing heat is also affecting north India. Atmospheric scientists say that heat-related deaths are becoming common as the maximum temperature is rising every year. This year however, it is the delayed monsoon that has spelled doom. \"According to our data, we are seeing a gradual rise in the maximum temperature,\" said professor S K Dash, head of the centre for atmospheric sciences, IIT Delhi. \"In the West coast, there has been a 1.2 degree rise in maximum temperature and a 0.6 degree rise in the East coast over the last 100 years IMD data has been available.\" His team had last year conducted a study on heat stress. \"Heat stress is becoming a public health problem. It is not just heat that affects the body, but so many other indices like cloud, radiation, wind. Heat-related deaths and health complications need to be monitored to conclude the impact of rising temperatures,\" Dash said. Another climate scientist, professor A L Ramanathan of the School of Environmental Sciences, JNU, who has been studying heat stress trends, says deaths this year may have increased due to the 'neutral El Nino' effect. \"The monsoon was about to hit Kerala and move northward. But that did not happen properly this time. The changed course of monsoon has affected the eastern states very badly,\" he said. Dr P K Nag, director, National Institute of Occupational Health, who has been monitoring heat-related deaths, says over 130 deaths in West Bengal is a very unusual phenomenon. \"High humidity and high ambient temperature together has increased the warmth so much that many people were not able to physically cope with it. Heat stress should be soon included in the disaster plan because the number of people getting affected by it is very high,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14072163", "title": "Anti-English-medium lobby seeks explanation from CM", "text": "PONDA: The 'Get well soon' group on Facebook has demanded a clarification from chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the medium of instruction (MoI) policy declared by him recently. The core committee of the group claims the policy is \"handicapped\".The Digambar Kamat-led former Congress government had taken a decision to allot grant-in-aid to English MoI primary schools and some youth had opposed the decision fearing that it would affect Konkani-Marathi language MoI schools and the culture of the state.Yugank Naik and some other youth had then created a group called 'Mr Digambar Kamat get well soon' on facebook - a social networking website to create awareness about the decision of the government and oppose it.Speaking to mediapersons in Queula-Ponda, core members of the group said that they will convene a meeting in Ponda on June 16 and they expect that chief minister Parrikar and MLA Vishnu Wagh explain the policy to them.Naik, founder of the group, said they want an explanation from Parrikar and Wagh as the duo had worked by joining hands with them throughout the movement. But other than seeking an explanation, they have not warned of any action - unlike their agitation last year.Naik said they had a movement against the former Congress government's decision of allotting grant-in-aid to English medium primary schools. The movement had demanded to revert the MoI decision in order to stop the grants.\"However, once Parrikar came to power, he took down his earlier demand and declared his decision to continue with the grants to English MoI primary schools,\" Naik said, adding that Parrikar declared his policy with the state cabinet approving it on the next day, hence there was no time for discussion on the proposed provisions. Naik said the 126 schools, which had shifted to English MoI, received government grants. \"What about the students who had opted for Konkani-Marathi in those schools,\" he said, criticizing the chief minister. The group however, has refused to rename it 'Mr Manohar Parrikar get well soon'.Claiming that the schools had done a 'contempt of court' by switching over to English MoI despite court restrictions, Surel Tilve - another core member said the government should have initiated action against them, but Parrikar allotted them with grants.Terming Parrikar's MoI policy as \"handicapped\", Hridaynath Shirodkar said the CM should explain it to them as he had explained it to members of Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch (BBSM) recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069798", "title": "Horticultural centre stage for 2 local mango varieties", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He is known as 'Aam Aadmi' due to his lifelong love for king of fruits \u2014 mangoes. Kalimullah Khan, the Padma Shree-awardee horticulturist from Malihabad near Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh, was in the city, on his way to Lucknow, where he talked about his passion for the fruit and scope of mangoes in the state.Khan had been part of the three-day mango festival held by state tourism department at Surajgadh near Sasan Gir that concluded on Monday. He interacted with the local farmers and mango orchard owners about cultivation techniques and local climate. The maiden edition of festival attracted more than 20,000 visitors where 108 mango cultivators participated with 80 breeds of mangoes.\"I love Gujarati varieties like Kesar and Valsadi Hafus (Alphonso) and have these trees in my orchard. This time around I have found two fascinating breeds known locally as Dudhpeda and Dhanlakshmi. While the former is round in shape and rich in pulp, the latter is fragrant and tender. I intend to multiply its qualities once I reach home,\" said Khan. The 85-year old holds national record to grow 300 varieties of mangoes on a single tree.Talking about the local conditions, he said that the state's soil and water supports experiments in mango breeding. \"Some of the farmers have experimented to get better fruits and have succeeded. Cultivation of new breed is a long process like a mother raising a child, \" Khan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14071173", "title": "Ubiquitous child labourers belie official claims", "text": "VARANASI: The labour department of Varanasi claimed that one child labourer engaged in non-hazardous occupation and 12 children in hazardous occupation were identified so far in the current financial year (2012-13).It sounds pleasant when the World Day Against Child Labour was celebrated across the globe on Tuesday. But, the fact is that one could see a number of children engaged in various works everyday at different places. The roadside food joints, dhabas and tea shops are the common sites to see child labourers.The International Labour Organization (ILO) launched the World Day Against Child Labour in 2002 to focus attention on the global extent of child labour and the action and efforts needed to eliminate it. Each year, on 12 June, the day brings together governments, employers and workers organizations, civil society, as well as millions of people from around the world to highlight the plight of child labourers and what can be done to help them. This year the theme of the Day is 'Human rights and social justice'.According to the UN report, the latest figures estimated that 215 million children, 127 million boys and 88 million girls are trapped in child labour and 115 million of these children, including 74 million boys and 41 million girls in the worst form. The ILO member states have set the target for eliminating the worst forms of Child Labour by 2016.According to assistant labour commissioner Anurag Mishra, a total of 1,744 child labourers had been identified by the department from December 10,1996 to 2011-12. Among them, 1929 children were engaged in hazardous industries and 815 in non-hazardous industries. \"So far, 12 children were found engaged in hazardous and one in non-hazardous industries in 2012-13,\" said Mishra. Some figures quoted by Mishra, particularly for 2012-13, differ from the record provided by the office of the deputy labour commissioner.According to the records, 10 child labourers, including nine in hazardous and one in non-hazardous industries were identified in 2012-13 till May. \"The fact is that UP is on the top of the list for having child labourers. The state has the highest, 20 per cent of India's child labourers,\" Rajni Kant, the state convener of Campaign Against Child Labour (CACL) and president of Human Welfare Association (HWA), said.It may be mentioned here that CACL had recently released a report on the status of child rights in the state titled as '20 years of United Nation Child Rights Convention - a balance sheet' in May. According to the report, there are 1,26,66,377 child labourers in the country and UP alone has 19,27,997 child labourers.Earlier, at the national level, a balance sheet of the 20 years of CRC had also been released in November last year on the occasion of the International Children's Day (November 20) by the New Delhi based HAQ Centre for Child Rights and Terre Des Hommes, Germany.According to the report, there are 57 laws and 60 legal provisions, 9 policy documents, a separate plan of action for children and many goals and targets set out under five year plans, 73 budgeted programmes and schemes of the Central government for children from nine ministries, a full-fledged ministry to cater to the children's rights and a National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), yet there is no respite for children.NCPCR also held a public hearing on the issue of 'Child labour and other child rights issues' at the auditorium of divisional commissioner's office in December last year. A total of 36 cases of child rights violation related to child labour, child trafficking and other issues were taken up during the hearing.The worst forms of child labour are:# All forms of slavery or practices similar to slavery, such as the sale and trafficking of children, debt bondage and serfdom as well as forced labour.# The use, procurement or offering of a child for prostitution, for the production of pornography or for pornographic performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14072812", "title": "Corporation to remove hyacinth from Coimbatore water bodies", "text": "COIMBATORE: After an extended period of neglect, the city corporation has decided to finally clean up the eight water bodies within its limits starting with the removal of water hyacinth from Valankulam Lake on Tuesday morning. The civic body has been planning to remove the invasive plant species from the lakes since it affects the growth of native aquatic flora and fauna.\"The work is being conducted as per the orders of the state government and it will be done through the city corporation,' said M Karunagaran, District collector, Coimbatore.The total estimate for clearing water hyacinth from the eight bodies is about Rs 39.9 lakh. The maximum cost of Rs 8.10 lakh will be incurred at Valankulam which is one of the biggest water bodies within corporation limits. The corporation has plans to restore these eight water bodies and introduce commercial activities including boating. \"The removal of water hyacinth will be completed within 30 days. We have instructed workers to maintain safety standards while they wade in the water,\" said SM Velusamy, Mayor, Coimbatore Corporation.The water hyacinth removal exercise is being conducted by a 20-member team of workers at Valankulam. Wearing life jackets, they will wade through the water and tie a rope around floating islands of water hyacinth, pulling it to the surface and removing them with the help of earth movers. It will be taken to the Ukkadam sewage farm of the corporation and sprinkled with mud, allowing it to dry. The dry hyacinth can be used as manure or will be put to some other use, said the commissioner TK Ponnusamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070485", "title": "Baptism by fire at passport seva kendra this summer", "text": "KOLKATA: This summer, the passport application process is proving to be a baptism by fire. With no shade around and not even a waiting area for applicants who arrive ahead of the appointed hour, the scorching sun is proving to be a challenge more daunting than the application process.Monyyad Tayebally Fakhri reached the passport seva kendra on EM Bypass at 2.30pm. Having got a 4pm slot, he had to wait for the next hour and a half under the blazing sun. When it was his turn to enter the air-conditioned office, he was feeling dizzy and dehydrated. \"I wish the authorities had made provision for a shed for those who arrive early. The agent who helped us fill out the forms told us to reach early. But getting baked in the sun for a document that every citizen can apply for is a torture,\" he said.Sukumar Bhakta of Howrah arrived at 2.40pm for his 3.15pm appointment. Standing in the unbearable heat in a queue that grew longer by the minute, he began to feel irritable. When the security guard at the entrance kept the door shut even at 3.20pm, he lost his temper.\"It is past the appointed hour. Why are you prolonging our agony?\" he shouted, trying to force his way in. \"Please wait for 10-15 more minutes. When the earlier batch of applicants clear out, we will surely let you through,\" the guard explained.At 3.30pm, there were at least three dozen applicants in queue in the sun, including Nazira Parveen from Hooghly, Mandira and daughter Tua Ghosh from Howrah, Meena Mullick from Kasba and P K Bose from Taratala. \"How much longer do we have to wait in this heat? Can't people show mercy? It's an unusually hot summer and there have been over 100 deaths in the state,\" he said.Part of the problem is that unused to timely and efficient service, people arrive much before the scheduled hour. \"We want people to reach on time and not hours before. There is no benefit of being ahead in queue. Yet, 10% applicants reach at least an hour early,\" said an official of TCS, the service provider at the PSK.A official at the passport office admitted a spillover of 15-30 minutes beyond the appointed hour, particularly in afternoon slots, forced applicants to wait longer in the sun. \"We generally ask applicants to arrive half an hour before the slot and try to accommodate those who arrive earlier still in the first half of the day. But once the 275 seats inside get filled up, there is no option but to wait outside,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14077469", "title": "A stitch in time may give her fabric of life", "text": "In all the time that S Ashpunisha is being interviewed, her mother Rahamath Nisha has not looked up from behind her sewing machine. She cannot afford to. It doesn't matter that Rahamath works nine hours as an ayah in a corporation school and rushes home to stitch blouses. Minute is money in this household, especially since their daughter's aspirations soar far beyond the walls of 150 sq ft rented house they live in.The family never dreamed that this would happen. Ashpunisha's parents are not educated. \"I have spent most of my life stitching men's clothes,\" says her father Samsuddeen. They knew their job was half-done when she scored the highest in corporation schools in the Class 10 exams in 2010. Now, with Ashpunisha scoring 1,125 out of 1,200 in the Class 12 board exams, the finish line seems so close. And yet so far.So close, because her marks are good enough for an engineering seat. So far because it is not enough for getting into a government medical college. And medicine is what she has set her heart on from Class 8.But she is not taking it lying down. \"I should have got a centum in maths and have applied for re-evaluation,\" says this student of Chennai Girls Higher Secondary School in Saidapet. She is so sure of scoring more that she has put all the money she earned as a data entry operator in the last two months since she finished school into it. She is short of the medicine cutoff by a few marks.\"She has always been good at studies,\" says Samsudeen, who occasionally works as a tailor. Ashpunisha says it is because she had something to prove to her parents and herself. And that was why it never bothered her that she was the last one to go to bed and the first one up ever since Class 10.The drive to succeed came when her father put her brother in a convent school before he shifted him to a corporation school. \"He never gave me that chance. Ever since, I wanted to do well,\" says Ashpunisha. \"Now, they cannot take a loan for me because they took one for my brother's education which they are still paying off.\"Finally, Rahamath looks up from her sewing machine, having finished two blouses, which means `80 for the day. \"I have told her to think about her future. I want her to have a better life than having to think about how her next meal will come.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069853", "title": "India premiere of unique joyrides at Kankaria Lake", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kankaria Lake may add new joyrides to its repertoire, rides that have never been introduced in any of the amusement parks of the country. In response to the expression of interest sought by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), nearly six parties have approached the civic body with proposals. Rides from Italy and Germany and other places are being considered for small clusters punctuating the lake.\"The proposals are being analyzed for their technical feasibility and project viability,\" said a senior AMC official. \"The companies may promise the moon, but we have to assess their viability as it is a public-private partnership. Ticketing, cost of infrastructure, safety and maintenance issues are of primary importance to us. Besides, the issue of risks will have to be studied.\" Among the proposals are rollercoaster rides and wheel-on-fire. \"Our focus is not on replicating a Disney World or any other fun park in the country. We want some unique rides for Ahmedabad as Kankaria has been mooted as a unique entertainment destination,\" the official said.Every year the Kankaria lakefront has added a unique ride. In 2009, it was the Atal Express toy train followed by another Swarnim Jayanti Express train the following year along with the tethered helium balloon ride and the Kid's City.In 2011, AMC added small rides in the periphery of the lake.To set up the new entertainment park, AMC has earmarked few spaces in various parts around the lake. \"We have to see which ride fits where according the space available. We cannot allow ambitious joyrides if we do not have space for them,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071175", "title": "Techie held for duping girls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department's (CID) Cyber Crime sleuths arrested an engineering graduate for duping over 30 girls by posing like an IIT graduate working for Microsoft. To lure unmarried girls, he had posted his profile on a matrimonial site 'Shaadi.com' with fake credentials.Police arrested Bojjanki Ravi Kishore of Miyapur. According to police, Ravi Kishore finished B Tech from Visakhapatnam a few years ago and later worked in BPOs in the Steel City and Bangalore. As he was unemployed since last one year, he shifted base to Miyapur. During this time, he uploaded a fake profile on the matrimonial site Shaadi.com claiming that he finished B Tech from IIT, Powai and then did MS from University of California. Ravi Kishore also claimed that he was currently working as a software engineer with Microsoft in Gachibowli.By seeing his profile, several unmarried women came in contact with him and he began luring them into his trap.In this manner, the fraudster became close to 54 women and then he slowly began extracting money from them by telling his sob stories. \"Kishore used to say that his father is undergoing surgery or his mother met with an accident. By listening to his sob stories, several girls gave money to him,\" additional SP U Rammohan said.Most of the women he trapped were software engineers or professionals from other fields. With his sob stories, Kishore extracted about Rs 12 lakh from 22 girls in the last one year. He even sexually exploited several girls, the officer said.However, some victims became suspicious as Kishore began avoiding them and during the subsequent interrogation, some of them realised that he was not an employee of Microsoft.On June 7, an architect from the city, who was duped by him, lodged a complaint with the Cyber Crime police. According to police, he lured her family and their marriage was also fixed. Based on the complaint, police booked a case under the IT Act and arrested Kishore in Masab Tank when he landed there to meet a friend on Monday night.Police seized a mobile phone and a laptop from him and produced him before court on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "parkal", "code": "14071353", "title": "It's neck and neck for YSR Congress, TRS", "text": "PARKAL: The Konda couple are confident while the Telangana protagonists are no less optimistic of winning the seat with the massive turnout of the electorate in the bypolls on Tuesday. Nearly 84% of the total 1,87,222 voters in Parkal, Atmakur, Geesukonda and Sangem mandals of the Parkal constituency exercised their franchise.While both TRS and YSR CP candidates are confident of winning the seat with a comfortable majority, analysts said it would be a tight finish between YSR CP's Konda Surekha and TRS' Moluguri Bikshapati. While Surekha is banking on her good work in the constituency, the TRS nominee is hoping that the strong Telangana sentiment would see him emerge victorious. In the 2009 elections, Surekha won against Bikshapati on Congress ticket.\"The high polling percentage indicates that the voting was anti-establishment, indicating a wave against the Konda couple,\" a senior citizen at Geesukonda said. Bikshapati hails from Parkal and has sizeable voter backing in his home town and Atmakur mandals. He was a gram panchayat sarpanch in 2004 and developed Parkal town. He became zilla parishad vice-chairman when TRS had alliance with Congress. \"He is a hands-on leader. Parkal voters know him closely. He stands a good chance this time around,\" analysts said.The road shows of Surekha, a minister in the YSR cabinet, saw good turnout of people and her stock rose after Vijayamma's public meeting in Parkal. Her husband and MLC Konda Muralidhar Ra, who is a native of Vanchanagiri village in Geesukonda mandal, has considerable support. Shayampet, which lost the constituency in the delimitation exercise, was represented by the Konda couple. Sources said the Konda family has good support in Sangem and parts of Atmakur mandals.But Surekha's problem is that most voters identify her with the 'hand' symbol of the Congress and had voted her to victory in 2009. Also, her new symbol of fan, which is YSR CP's, yet to be registered in the minds of the voters.Congress (S Samma Rao) and BJP (Vijayachander Reddy) are only trying to get their deposits intact as the fight is mainly between Surekha and Bhikshapati. TDP candidate Ch Dharma Reddy is nowhere in the picture. Lok Satta candidate and nine independents, including retired DSP Nalini, are hoping that they would get some votes on Telangana sentiment. \"The high polling percentage in every election indicates anti establishment sentiment, so high voter turnout in Parkal could spell bad news for Konda Surekha\" said a senior citizen at Geesukonda mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075678", "title": "It\u2019s official now: 60th-year bash of House on June 18", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government has finally woken up and decided to hold a special function on June 18 to commemorate the 60 th year of the legislative assembly.The first session of the state legislature was held from June 18 to 30, 1952, which was presided over by statesman H Sidhaiah.After a meeting with chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar , and assembly officials, Speaker KG Bopaiah on Tuesday said they have decided to organize the diamond jubilee celebrations in a befitting manner in the state assembly hall.Governor HR Bhardwaj will preside over the function where former Chief Justice of India MN Venkatachaliah will deliver the keynote address. Speeches given to Lower House members by former presidents APJ Abdul Kalam and S Radhakrishnan will be played on the day.Sitting members of both Houses, Lok Sabha andR ajya Sabha members, former Karnataka chief ministers, former assembly speakers and Union ministers will be invited.Three living members of the first Karnataka legislature \u2014 Madappa UM (Chamarajanagar ), Mulka Govinda Reddy (Chitradurga ) and TG Thimmegowda (Tiptur ) will be felicitated too.To commemorate the occasion, a souvenir will be released highlighting the rich tradition of Karnataka legislature and its contribution in strengthening parliamentary democracy, Bopaiah said.Kumar said an exhibition of rare photographs will be organized. \"The event is being held to draw inspiration from thosewho contributed their might for development of the state,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14074215", "title": "Connaught Place traders fear repeat of monsoon flooding", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the monsoon approaching, businessmen in Connaught Place expect severe waterlogging this year as well, and the market association has asked New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) to make arrangements to prevent flooding of shops. Last year, water had entered showrooms in the Outer Circle.\"They have not connected old sewer and drainage lines with the new ones. With the entire area remaining dug up, waterlogging is going to be a serious problem. The civic agency should first fix this problem,\" said Atul Bhargava, president of New Delhi Traders' Association. NDMC, however, claims the lines have been connected.The traders have already conveyed their demand to deploy additional manpower and divide the work into small projects so that it can be finished quickly. In an informal meeting with the CM on Tuesday, Bhargava sought her intervention in the redevelopment project. \"I have apprised the CM of the difficultly faced by us on a day-to-day basis. She has assured us that necessary steps will be taken to finish the project on time,\" said Bhargava.NDMC officials admitted that there were problems at the ground level. According to Amit Prasad, spokesperson, NDMC, \"The delay is due to several factors. At several locations, we had difficulty in getting work started. There were other issues like encroachment by vendors, disputes between landlords and owners, permission from traffic police etc which resulted in delays. But we are trying to finish the work in a time-bound manner.\"But traders and professionals with offices in CP are not ready to buy NDMC's argument. \"Didn't they know that they were redeveloping a market? They should have planned the work accordingly. These issues were bound to arise,'' said Tayal Bhrama, a stockbroker who has worked in CP for 40 years.Shoppers say NDMC should at least provide pedestrian pathways. \"It is impossible to walk in CP. One has to be very careful while walking in the Middle Circle as it is completely dug up and electric cables stick out of the ground,'' said Ramita Sahni, a college student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14086527", "title": "Kozhikode's tourism prospects get a boost with three new projects on the anvil", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district is all set to enhance and improve its tourism offerings. The tourism department will soon start works on developing the picturesque Wayanad Ghat, Kadalundi and Kuttichira as new tourist spots in the district.The development of the three untapped tourism destinations is expected to augment the tourism profile of the district as it would present diverse possibilities especially in the eco- tourism and heritage tourism segments.The Wayanad ghat, soaked in mist and lush greenery, is the gateway to the Wayanad district. The 14- km long road (Thamarassery Churam) winding up the mountains offers breath-taking views of the green plains below. The project would also explore the possibility of developing it as a trekking destination.The Kadalundi region, bordering the Kozhikode and Malappuram districts, is famed for its estuarine ecosystem in Malabar which houses the first community reserve in Kerala. The bird sanctuary at Kadalundi attracts thousands of migratory birds each year.The third planned tourism spot at Kuttichira envisages developing the historically important zone in the city. The region houses several mosques dating back to the 14th century. The mosques are built in traditional architecture with timber construction with tiered roofs. The stone inscriptions found in the Muccunti Mosque at Kuttichira is a testament to the patronage extended to Islam by the Zamorins, the erstwhile rulers of Malabar.Regional Joint Director of Tourism, C K Ponnappan said that the first phase of development works at all the major tourism sports has been completed. Cottages and cafeteria has been set up at Thusharagiri. He added that the beautification drive at Kozhikode beach is set to commence soon and the state Irrigation department has taken steps to develop the Kakkayam dam and Peruvannamuzhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071303", "title": "Employees Provident Fund Organisation poor in settling pension claims", "text": "NAGPUR: The Employees Provident Fund Organisation, dubbed to be running the world's largest social security scheme, fares poorly when it comes to settling pension claims.An analysis of its performance for April shows that only 63% of pension cases were settled within the mandated 30-day period. Almost 16 of 40 EPFO offices throughout the country have not been able to meet the target. The matter has been taken up seriously in the agency's headquarters with instructions issued to lagging offices to pull up their socks. A similar data for March-April 2012 shows that only 40% of the target was met.Ironically, even as settlement of claims within 30 days has been a decade-old agenda for EPFO, even today targets for achievement have been set at quite a low level. Under the revised target for the year 2012-13, only 50% of the claims have to be settled in time. Out of this only 63% of the job has been done within the deadline, says the current data.Sources say that lack of compliance from employing establishments is also leading to delay in settling pension claims. However, EPFO too falls short in what is expected of it in addressing public grievances.As against a target of 80% grievances to be settled in all, the overall tally stands at 60%. As much 30 offices have failed to meet the target on this front. At the same time the organization's score for settling provident fund claims is slightly better at 83% of the target.On the brighter side, the Nagpur office figures in the list of centres which have fared better. Other offices are Madurai, Guntoor, Ahmedabad, Jaipur and some others. However, the EPFO offices in the Capital are among those registering the worst performance with only 51% of the target in timely settlement of pension claims being achieved. It is worse in addressing complaints with only 21% of the target being attained. Others in the underachiever's list are Patna, Mumbai (Bandra), Gurgaon and Chennai.The workers' representative in EPFO's Central Board of Trustees, AD Nagpal calls it a dismal performance. Even settlement in 30 days is too easy a target. Nowadays, claims should be processed within a week. \"The issue will be taken up in the next board meeting,\" said Nagpal.A senior official in Nagpur said the office here has been able to meet the targets as priority was given to settling claims and grievance redressal. The city office has settled 71% and 98% of pension and provident fund claims within 30 days, respectively. Over 98% of the targeted grievance cases have been disposed of.Regional commissioner V Vijaykumar Madurai, who has achieved 100% of the grievance redressal target, says normally there is a designated officer for this job but in this office he takes up the cases himself.Pension settlement also takes time of due to the complexities involved in the job. It has been often found that the employer do not maintain the proper records due which the matter is delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075795", "title": "Spell out stand on Western Ghats corridor: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: It is high time, observed the Bombay HC on Tuesday while directing the Central government to state by when it will take a final decision on the Gadgil report on the Western Ghats corridor.A division bench was hearing a PIL filed by Awaaz Foundation for declaring the 22 km stretch of Sawantwadi-Dodamarg wildlife corridor as an ecologically sensitive area. This corridor connects to wildlife sanctuaries in Goa and Karnataka. The Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel, headed by Madhav Gadgil, has recommended that Western Ghats be declared ecologically-sensitive and has recommended a complete ban on mining leases.Awaaz's counsel told the court that the moratorium by the Centre on new projects was expiring on June 30, 2012. They said since no decision has been taken on the Gadgil report by the Centre, the moratorium should be extended futher. The advocate for the ministry of environment and forest, said they will need more time because the report was put on its website on May 23, 2012, and objections have been invited to it.The next hearing of the case is on June 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14071335", "title": "One film per week rule draws flak", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala Film Exhibitors' Federation today alleged that the superstars of Malayalam film industry were behind the 'one film release a week' rule that would come into effect from Thursday onwards.The federation said the move by the Kerala Film Producers and Distributors' Association was part of a conspiracy to scuttle the new trend in Malayalam film industry which is fuelled by a new crop of actors, producers and directors.\"We strongly suspect that the superstars of the industry were behind the decision. The Malayalam film industry had witnessed unprecedented box-office successes during the last five months producing seven hit films -- all featuring new actors. The superstars are wary that if the trend continues they would soon become second grade actors,\" said P V Basheer Ahmed, president of the federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14075228", "title": "Germany vs Holland: Dutch exorcise ghosts at Euro 1988", "text": "If demons ever existed on the soccer pitch, Dutchman Marco van Basten bids fair to be football's most famous exorcist. His amazing matchwinner in the Euro 1988 semifinal in Hamburg against bitter foes Germany, en route to winning their first title by beating the erstwhile Soviet Union 2-0 in the final, released the ghosts that had haunted the Dutch nation for 14 years.Holland, who thrilled the world with sublime skills in the scheme of Total Football, were stopped by Germany in the 1974 World Cup final in Munich.The defeat rankled the Dutch for years. And not just because the Oranje were highly fancied to win the title that year for their inventive football led by the legend Johan Cryuff.The embers of World War II had not quite died down and when it came to any face off between the two, the Dutch didn't seem to forget Nazi atrocities. Finally, when Van Basten delivered the coup de grace, it was as eerie as it could get. If ever revenge had a symmetrical design, this one did. The Germans won 2-1 in Munich. The Dutch, in 1988, reversed, not just the result, but the scoreline with the nature of goals and the sequence in which they were scored following a near 'linear inverted' pattern which would thrill any student of optics.In the 1974 World Cup final at the Munich Olympic stadium the Dutch took the lead in the 2nd minute - from the penalty spot (through Neeskens). The Germans equalized - also from the spot - roughly midway through the first half. Scorer: Paul Brietner. The German match-winner came, inevitably perhaps, from Gerd Muller nick-named 'Der Bomber' for his predatory instincts. He scored with an angular shot from the right to make it 2-1 as half-time beckoned. With no goals in the second half, Germany lifted their second World Cup title while Holland plunged into despair. Come the Euro 88 semifinal at the Volksparkstadion, Hamburg, Germany. How's this for symmetry?No score at half-time. The Germans took the lead early in the second half - a penalty converted by Lothar Matthaeus.The equaliser, no prizes for guessing, also came from a penalty - Ronald Koeman on target with a quarter of an hour left to play.The Dutch then snatched victory with just two minutes left on the clock through Van Basten -a player much like the predatory Muller on the opposite side of the pitch 14 years ago. And incredibly, in much the same manner - an angular shot into goal!It was a job well done by the 'exorcist'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071741", "title": "Leopard rescued after 20-hour-long operation", "text": "NAGPUR: Terror struck Ranbodi village in the newly-declared Umred-Kharangla Wildlife Sanctuary, 55km from here, when a full-grown leopard entered a house on Monday night.As the spot was hostile, the leopard was tranquillized and captured after a 20-hour-long operation. It was brought to the city's Seminary Hills nursery late Tuesday night.\"The animal is healthy and fine. It will be kept under observation for two days and released as per the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) guidelines in its original habitat after orders from chief wildlife warden,\" said PK Mahajan, deputy conservator of forests for Nagpur division.Ranbodi is a small village with 100-150 houses. It is the only village which falls inside the sanctuary. According to sources, the leopard was sighted on the edge of the village around 8.30pm.As the prey base of carnivores has dwindled, it must have entered the village in search of prey. Villagers learnt about the presence of the carnivore when dogs started barking loudly.When the crowd gathered, the leopard ran for shelter and entered the house of Tanabai Rane. The Rane couple and their daughter ran out of the house locking the leopard inside with the help of villagers.Before entering Rane's dilapidated house, the leopard injured four persons who came in its way. The injured have been identified as Saraswatabai Kolhe (55), Nikhil Narule (18), Dhanpal Mandhre (35) and Deepak Wanjari (22).Kolhe has been admitted to a government hospital in Umred and is stated to be out of danger. The other three, who suffered minor injuries, were discharged after treatment.There was resentment among villagers about the leopard's presence in their village. The forest employees had tough time pacifying angry villagers. As it was night, rescue operation could not be launched.Around 1am, a team from Nagpur including ACFs Kishore Mishrikotkar and SS Chavan, honorary district wildlife warden Kundan Hate and wildlife vet Dr Gautam Bhojne reached the spot to capture the animal.The team had to face a crowd of around 1,500 villagers on Tuesday morning. Many neighbouring villagers had thronged the spot. Umred police helped to control the crowd.\"As the house was very small, capturing the animal was difficult. The leopard moved in three rooms in the house posing problems for the team. Entire house was covered with nets to capture the animal. There was only one spot from where we could tranquillize the leopard,\" said Mahajan.The forest officials had planned to release the leopard in Ranbodi forest but as its reflexes looked weak, it was brought to Nagpur. \"We will keep it under observation for two days,\" said Mahajan.The leopard strayed into the same landscape where a tigress fell into a canal well in Tass forests in Bhiwapur. In the past two years, this was the third such successful operation. Earlier, leopards were rescued from houses in Hari Vela near Besa and in Kuhi Mandhal, 50km from Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "14077696", "title": "Epidemic kills 75 children in Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Call it an epidemic or calamity for the children of poor families of rural parts of Tirhut division, the killer disease, now given the name of acute encephalitis syndrome (AES), has claimed the lives of more than 75 children of below 10 years at Muzaffarpur since its outbreak on May 27 last.The most unfortunate part of the story is that no specific medicine is being used by the doctors to treat the patients and they are being treated according to their symptoms. In fact, there is no specific drug to cure the AES, according to SKMCH deputy superintendent Dr Sunil Shahi. However, Dr Shahi informed that a new symptom has been found in majority of the patients that their blood sugar level has been found to be far below normal. Most of them have been found to have sugar only 10 to 50. Inflammation of brain tissues has also been found in most of the cases. Convulsion and high fever are common among them.The calamity has assumed such an alarming proportion that chances of its cure is bleak. As many as 117 patients have been admitted to Kejriwal Hospital and 57 at SKMCH in the last 16 days. It is now evident that the disease is linked to weather. It occurs only in May-June every year. As the temperature has soared to 41 degree Celsius, 13 new cases have been admitted to the SKMCH on Tuesday alone. Kejriwal Hospital's administrator VV Giri said the situation is more serious than last year. Only 92 cases had been admitted to this hospital and only 30 of them had expired in a span of 30 days in 2011, whereas 117 had already been admitted and of them 42 had expired in a span of 16 days this time. As both the heat and humidity is still at its peak, more such cases are bound to come. Kejriwal Hospital's attending physician Dr Vidya Shreeprabha said on Tuesday that the condition of all the 35 patients is very serious. It may be difficult to predict how many of them will survive. But no stone is left unturned to save them. The ward is overcrowded with patients and their attendants. Two of the four air-conditioners of the ward are not working. The overall scenario of the ward is pathetic as half of the patients are surviving on oxygen.The parents had wrapped up their children with wet cloth to control the fever, while some keep crying due to uneasiness. Most of them are lying in an unconsciousness state.The state health department has provided free medicines to the hospital. Giri claimed that now the hospital is not charging anything in advance from attendants since June 8. The government has also given two ambulances to this hospital for carrying patients to SKMCH and their home.All the hapless families are poor, depending mostly on daily wage. None of the affected child is from urban area. They live under unhygienic conditions and drink only impure water.All the children are suffering from malnutrition.The calamity has assumed such an alarming proportion that chances of its cure is bleak. As many as 117 patients have been admitted to Kejriwal Hospital and 57 at SKMCH in the last 16 days. It is now evident that the disease is linked to weather. It occurs only in May-June every year. As the temperature soared 13 new cases have been admitted to the SKMCH", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075763", "title": "FIR against actress\u2019 hubby", "text": "MUMBAI: The Juhu police registered an FIR against TV actress Rucha Gujrathi's husband and in-laws on Monday night three days after she filed a complaint of physical and mental torture.Rucha told TOI, \"It is strange that the police has still not taken any action against my husband and his parents.\" The actress, who is living in her husband's house along with one of her sisters at Vile Parle said, \"My in-laws who live on the second floor of my building and my husband have disappeared from the house from the day I filed the complaint.\" She said, \"I am scared but will fight for my rights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14075039", "title": "Gandhi-Kallenbach letters to go on sale", "text": "In one of the most significant auctions of Gandhi memorabilia, Sotheby's London is going put thousands of letters , papers and photographs which shed light on the life of the Mahatma under the hammer on July 10.The archive comprises five decades of correspondence, much of it previously unpublished, between Gandhi and Hermann Kallenbach, a German Jewish bodybuilder and architect who became Gandhi's closest friend after they met in Johannesburg in 1904. It was Kallenbach's plot of land that Gandhi turned into his ashram of satyagrahis, and at his suggestion, named it after Tolstoy. Their relationship has been the subject of much speculation ever since the release of Pulitzer prize-winning journalist and author Joseph Lelyveld's biography, Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle. Though Lelyveld denied that he had said Gandhi was homosexual or bisexual , many interpreted his references to their closeness as an indication of a more intimate relationship.The archive is estimated to realize \u00a3500,000-700 ,000 (Rs 4-6 crore). As the archive is of considerable historic significance, it will be interesting to see whether the Indian government bids for it. One batch of letters between Gandhi and Kallenbach had come up for sale in 1986 and the government paid \u00a3140,000 (Rs 1.2 crore) for it. The papers are now with the National Archives, and were published in Gandhi's Collected Works in 1994.However, this time the price is considerably steeper. On its part, the government did try to procure the papers directly from Kallenbach's descendants who are based in Israel but the negotiations reportedly failed on account of the price.Historian Ramchandra Guha had discovered the letters at the home of Isa Sarid, the grand-niece of Kallenbach , and brought them to the notice of the government. Political scientist Sunil Khilnani also examined the correspondence and submitted a report to the government saying these were of significant historical interest and should be acquired.Gabriel Heaton, Sotheby's deputy director and specialist of Books &amp; Manuscripts, said the letters were an important new biographical source. He added that though they indicated a very close and intimate friendship, there was nothing of a sexual nature.Kallenbach had preserved all of Gandhi's letters though Lelyveld says that Gandhi destroyed all of Kallenbach's \"charming love notes\" to him because he believed Kallenbach wanted them to be seen \"by no other eyes\" .In the letters that go on sale, Kallenbach addresses his growing concerns about the spread of Nazism and the plight of fellow Jews in India. Poignant letters from Gandhi's sons to Kallenbach provide further detail of Gandhi's personal life in India \u2014 particularly significant for the years immediately after Gandhi's return to India, when he lived in relative obscurity. The letters and documents in this archive also trace milestones during Gandhi's time in South Africa , such as the purchase of Tolstoy Farm for his and his followers' use. \"Documents relating to the purchase show the two men acquiring and tending fruit trees, ensuring water supply, and even arguing with neighbours over grazing rights,\" said Heaton.THE BLOCK Auctions of Gandhi memorabilia are the stuff of controversies. In April this year, the sale of grass and soil spotted with the Mahatma's blood sparked off protests from his descendants. The auction went ahead however and the items were purchased by the Mumbai-based Kamal Morarka Foundation for the Arts. On August 15, Osian's will display these items at its new museum, Osianama at the Kila, near Qutub Minar.In 2009, liquor baron Vijay Mallya forked out $1.8m (then Rs 9 crore) to buy Gandhi's round-rimmed spectacles, leather sandals, pocket watch and the brass bowl and plate from which he is believed to have eaten his last meal.In 2007, Christie's withdrew a Gandhi letter from sale at the eleventh hour after the Indian govt expressed an interest. The government later negotiated with the estate of the late Albin Schram, a Switzerland-based collector, and bought it.FROM THE ARCHIVEGANDHI: Early advice to Kallenbach: \"... Just now your mind being in a ferment these dreams come to warn you of the secret enemy who may attack you without notice and when you are least prepared to meet him... \" \u2014c .1906 \"... Ismael Gora congratulated me on my travelling 3rd class. He thought I was now a true passive resister!... \" \u2014c .1908Preparations for his return to India: \"... I do all my writing squatting on the ground &amp; eat invariably with my fingers . I don't want to look awkward in India... \", \u20146 March 1914Draft letter by Gandhi's in Kallenbach's handwriting on South African politics: \"... politics are a cruel game and I am afraid I must be party to it so long as I must obtain all I want through that channel, rather than Passive Resistance... \", \u201419131. Manilal Gandhi on racism in S Africa:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14069504", "title": "Shifting out for better business", "text": "SURAT: A textile trader Kishore Rathi has been operating from a 200 square feet shop in Surat Textile Market (STM) on Ring Road for the last 25 years. Now, he is shifting his business to a new textile market coming up on Puna-Kumbharia Road. He has got a bigger space at a cheap rate.Rathi had purchased his shop in STM for Rs 2 lakh. Now, he is getting Rs 1 crore for the same premises. He is buying a new shop for Rs 50 lakh, which is double the size than the old shop and has an upper godown, space for loading and unloading, parking etc.These days when you visit the old textile markets on Ring Road, you would be surprised to find shutters down or notices hanging for sale of the shops. Large numbers of traders have started to shift from the old markets to the better equipped new shops coming up in the city. Nearly 25 per cent of the shops in old textile markets are up for sales as they can fetch high rate.Market experts said traders have started to move to upcoming areas like Puna Kumbharia Road and Saroli as here they get shops at cheap rates with better amenities.A leader of Federation of Surat Textile Traders Association (FOSTTA) Jay Lal said, \"The old textile markets on Ring Road lack infrastructural facilities. The younger generation of traders would like to operate from a large space. Eight new markets have come up on Puna-Kumbharia Road and Saroli and about 70 big textile traders have started to operate from new premises. These markets can accommodate 4,000 shops each and all have been sold.\"A city builder Sagar Dandvate, involved in textile market projects in new areas, said, \"We are giving due importance to infrastructure in the new textile markets. One of our projects has a giant elevator, wherein a truck load of grey cloth can be directly sent to each floor. All our shops have been booked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074756", "title": "3 hill cities planned in Pune district\u2019s green zone", "text": "MUMBAI: There are plans to develop three hill city projects in the Mulshi-Mawal-Velhe belt in Pune district. These, along with Lavasa and Aamby Valley, are part of the biodiversity-rich Sahyadri region.A private firm, Maharashtra Valley View Private Limited (MVVPL), has evinced interest in developing resorts, holiday homes and a township in villages falling under Mulshi taluka under special regulations formulated for hill stations in November 1996.Despite questions being raised by activists and concerns expressed by the state-level expert appraisal committee (SEAC) of the Union environment ministry, the state urban development (UD) department on May 19 issued a notification designating revenue land in seven villages in Mulshi as \"hill station\".While MVVPL will seek to develop the hill station project in the villages of Saltar, Mazgaon, Barpe Bhu, Barmbarde, Ekole, Ghutke and Adgaon, sources say another firm, Satind Infrastructure, has evinced interest in developing parts of nearby Talbela, Sakarand and Mazgaon. A third company, Aqualand India Private Limited, has reportedly shown interest in developing land in the Panshet, Varasgaon, Khadakwasla dam, Mulshi, Mugaon, Lawarde, Wegere, Sakhari, Dasave and adjoining areas.For the first project, the notification would facilitate the acquisition of land and submit a formal proposal for clearance under the policy norms, officials said. Clearance to the project would be granted only after the process of acquisition and terms and conditions of the government are met, they added.While the policy requires a developer to possess a minimum of 1,000 acres in his/her possession to undertake development, officials say the firm's plans span over 5,000 acres.Sources said the process of designating land required for the other two projects was pending with the UD department. The Aqualand proposal has been pending since 2005, officials said.On Tuesday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, endorsing the latest notification, said it was in accordance with the hill station policy. \"Clearances are being given in keeping with rules and regulation of the policy.\" In a reference to the Lavasa project, Chavan said, \"Mistakes committed in the past while granting clearances to projects such as Lavasa will not be repeated.\"For one, the government is firm that the new project/s would not be granted a special planning authority status. The UD department has also imposed a set of 20 conditions (see box), which include a commitment of exclusion of gaothan areas and government forest land. It has also said unauthorized construction will result in immediate withdrawal of permissions.(With inputs from Ashley D'Mello)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077087", "title": "Road cleared of encroachments still 'occupied'", "text": "CHENNAI: The removal of scores of hawkers from NSC Bose Road in Parry's over the past few days by the Corporation of Chennai hasn't brought any relief to pedestrians. They say the pavements are still occupied - by private vehicles and share-autorickshaws. Besides, many hawkers have returned to the spot from where they were removed, they add.Many said the pavements before several commercial establishments, especially textile shops, jewellery stores, wedding card units, hotels and motor vehicle shops, had been converted into 'parking spaces' by customers to these establishments.The eviction drive, carried out by corporation officials and police, follows complaints from local residents and commuters. The drive was first carried out a few months ago when the Madras high court ruled on a petition filed by K R 'Traffic' Ramasamy and asked police and corporation officials to clear the pavements. Ramasamy said all roads should be free of encroachments. \"Removal of encroachments is no solution. Enforcement officials should keep a close watch and if there is any obstacle for commuters, I will move court again,\" he said.S Kumar, a commuter, said police should stop unauthorized parking. \"Earlier, there were lots of encroachments and now there is illegal parking of vehicles. Many share-auto rickshaws use the road as a parking stand,\" he said. MTC drivers also complain about the narrow road. Corporation officials said 296 hawkers identified by the chairman of the Hawking Committee would be provided alternative space near Esplanade and given identity cards. Hawkers said that they returned to the spot after being evicted as they had no alternative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14072589", "title": "Three held hours after carjacking", "text": "GURGAON: Acting swiftly, the Bilaspur police arrested three out of six carjackers just two and a half hours after they had robbed a man of his Indica car at gunpoint late on Monday evening. The car was also recovered. The three were produced in a city court on Tuesday and taken on three days police remand.\"We nabbed the miscreants in only two and half hours of the robbery. The three were arrested near Khori village in Tauru when they broke a police barricade. We are interrogating the accused and the other three will also be caught soon,\" said Babu Lal, SHO, Bilaspur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14069558", "title": "Cheetah breeding success rate is low", "text": "MYSORE: The zoo here, which houses six big mammal species from Africa - giraffe, cheetah, hippopotamus, white and black rhino, zebra and elephant - has successfully bred three species. Giraffe and hippopotamus are the other two species bred in the zoo.Cheetah breeding is a major achievement as it is a protected species in Africa and its genetic base is limited. Success rate, both in captivity and wild, is low. Speaking of Maya, the big cat that died on Tuesday, zoo officials said they collected her blood sample when she became weak early this month. Symptomatic treatment along with antibiotics was initiated.The blood test revealed increased white blood cells, creatinine, blood urea nitrogen and other biological parameters that indicated severe infection and toxemia. Later ultrasonography was done under anesthesia for confirmation. Fluids were seen in the lower abdomen, and she was tentatively diagnosed to be suffering from pyometra, zoo director BP Ravi stated.Wildlife experts, along with top vets in Bangalore and Hassan, were consulted. Vigorous treatment was initiated accordingly with higher antibiotics and fluid therapy to reduce toxemia. However, Maya's condition deteriorated. On Monday, Dr S Yathiraj, dean of Veterinary College, Bangalore examined her.Ultrasonography and blood tests were repeated. Based on the clinical findings it was concluded that Maya was suffering from feline infectious peritonitis (FIP).FIP is caused by corona virus that has mutated from a harmless virus found in the intestine. FIP is commonly seen in immunodeficient animals. The FIP virus grows and destroys a type of white blood cell called macrophages and causes severe inflammation of the organs where they are invaded. There is no specific treatment for the FIP neither preventive vaccination available, Ravi said.Cheetahs are particularly susceptible to this disease because of their lack of genetic diversity and lack of immunity.The FIP is significant cause of mortality in captive cheetahs worldwide, he said. The lifespan of the cheetah in captivity is 12 years, and 10 years in the wild.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14085426", "title": "No more London trips: India emerges Asian hub for UK's exam", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time, India has emerged as an examination hub in Asia for Membership of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health (MRCPCH) with city-based Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani hospital being appointed as the centre for clinical examination.With this development, Indian doctors will no longer have to go to the UK and can now obtain an international qualification in India itself.They will be allowed to use the designation \"MRCPCH (UK)\" with their names in their practice once they clear the tests here, says a release here.The written examination for the MRCPCH was first held in India in 2009 and since then the Kokilaben Ambani Hospital had been the centre for the written examination in Mumbai, but candidates had to go to the UK to take the Clinical Examination.However, the Kokilaben Ambani Hospital will hold the Clinical Examination for MRCPCH for the first time in Mumbai on June 16 and 17, the release said.A team of senior Consultants from the National Health Service (NHS) in UK led by Dr Ramesh Mehta, the Principal Regional Examiner of South Asia for the Royal College together with the Education and Assessment Lead, Graeme Muir, will oversee the examination in partnership with a team of senior Consultants from all over India.Dr Santanu Sen, Paediatrician at Ambani hospital and Host Examiner for MRCPCH, said MRCPCH is a tough examination where even the examiners have to get trained and be evaluated themselves before they are allowed to examine candidates. The examiners are trained over a period of time and then they have to fly to UK for their final evaluation.Dr Sen said even though 48 young paediatricians would be taking exams in Mumbai over the two days, there is a large waiting list of candidates, who could not be accommodated.\"We have candidates not only from all over India, but also from Singapore, Australia, Muscat, Brunei, Bahrain and Saudi Arabia , who are coming to take the examination,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070841", "title": "Dacoits loot house after tying up family members", "text": "JAIPUR: In a second incident of its kind within 24 yours, armed dacoits barged into a house in Kho Nagoriyan on the city outskirts on Tuesday and snatched away valuables after tying up the family members.The dacoity took place just 500 metres from the local police outpost. According to the family members, had the police arrived on time after being informed, the dacoits could have been caught.The incident has come a day after another violent dacoity at Bhojpura village under Phagi teshil on the outskirts of Jaipur in which at least seven armed assailants barged into a house and opened fire, killing one person and injuring 10 others.According to the police, the dacoity took place at the house of one Mohammad Aleem at Madina Nagar area of Kho Nagoriyan around 3 am.\"A gang of five dacoits entered the house after jumping the boundary wall. The family members - Mohammad Aleem (40), his wife Farzana (38) and their son Azhar (18) - were sleeping on the rooftop due to intense heat,\" a police officer said. Aleem is an upper division clerk at a school in Jamwaramgarh area.Three of the dacoits went onto the house's rooftop while two others stood guard at the entrance.The officer added that threatening the family members at knife and gun points, the dacoits forced Aleem, his wife and son to climb down from the rooftop. \"Pointing a gun at Aleem and his son, the dacoits tied them up. They pushed them to the ground and threatened them not to make any noise. However, they kept Farzana free so that she could help them in searching valuables,\" said the officer.The robbers took away Rs 35,000 in cash, 30 gram gold and some other valuables. \"However, they kept rampaging the house for about one-and-a half hours hoping to get more,\" said the officer.Before leaving, they pushed Farzana into the room where Aleem and their son were lying on the floor. They bolted the room from outside and escaped. The family members shouted for help, but neighbours did not hear the cries.\"On finding no help, the three opened the screws used in fixing the door and came out,\" said the officer. Azhar and Aleem then called up neighbours and relatives and informed the police.Police have conducted a forensic examination and a dog squad was also summoned. However, it was of no avail. Police said there are not many clues in the case as of now.\"We are trying to search them on the basis of their appearance. Family members say the dacoits had a dialect peculiar to Haryana or Uttar Pradesh,\" said the officer.Azhar said, \"the only thing the dacoits kept repeating was not to make any noise. They did not hurt any of us physically. However, they intended to do so if we made any wrong move,\" Azhar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14082465", "title": "God is with me: Manoj K Jayan", "text": "The Eranakulam family court on Monday stayed its earlier order permitting actress Urvashi to keep her daughter Kunjatta (Thejalaksmi), during vacations. The court asked Urvashi to hand over the baby to Manoj .K. Jayan but give the order of permission to keep her child from 2pm to 6pm on Sundays.The court observed that \"It is unfortunate that even after repeated discussions both parties have refused to reach an amicable settlement.\" Family court Judge N. Leelamani also stated that they are wasted the time of common people without reaching any settlement.After the hearing, the court order Manoj K. Jayan said, \"God is with me, I am so happy\". But Urvashi refused to comment.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14071155", "title": "Several programmes organised in Varanasi to mark World Day Against Child Labour", "text": "VARANASI: A series of programmes were organised in the city to mark the World Day Against Child Labour on Tuesday.Several children assembled at Azad Park, Lahurabir and raise voice against child labour. The event was organised by the Human Welfare Association and Campaign Against Child Labour (CACL-UP). Displaying placards they demanded child right in UNCRC, more schools, more teachers, 25% reservation in private schools for poor children and saving environment for children.Addressing the gathering, state convener of CACL Rajnikant said that the children voicing concern on the issue of Ecological Child Right in UNCRC is important because there is no legal bindings in the Constitution and even in UNCRC for the protection of biodiversity, ecology and environment for the future generation.The labour department, in association with Child Line and District Legal Service Authority, organised a seminar at Asmita Child Line in Sigra. Addressing the seminar, director of Gandhi Adhyayan Peeth, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith, Ram Prakash Dwivedi stressed on the abolition of child labour from the society.Labour enforcement officer SK Sinha spoke about Child Labour (Prohibition &amp; Regulation Act), 1986 and other related issues. Assistant labour commissioner Anurag Mishra highlighted the activities of labour department for rescue and rehabilitation of child labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14070804", "title": "School students make film on plight of child workers", "text": "INDORE: As the world observed World Child Labour Day on Tuesday, a group of 25 Class V students of a city school reacted to this growing social issue in a different way. Instead of verbally raising voice against child labour, these students with the help of their teachers picked the characters and decided theme of the story to make a 22-minute film depicting the plight of children labourers, who are forced into various works at a tender age due to various circumstances.Their effort behind the short movie was to prompt the society to think on the matter and ramp up the support against this problem.The students released the film on Tuesday on social media sites and forwarded a copy to the Child Line India Foundation.The concern of students also holds importance as the International Labour Organization (ILO) has focused its theme for 2012 on eliminating child labour by 2016.Dilip Vasu, principal, Choithram International School, said, \"As a corporate social responsibility, we have asked all our students to report incidence of child labour to help line number 1098. In fact, we have given admission to the son of a guard working with our school under RTE Act. He was previously assisting his mother, who was working as domestic help. We have forwarded a copy of short film to Child Line India Foundation to screen it in a broader perspective.\"In the 22-minute film, the students have picked the characters, decided the theme for the story and contributed financially while students of grade XI and XII edited the film, gave background music and included songs without any professional help.The students used a normal video camera and shot the film at various locations across the city. The film cost around Rs 3,000 and took nearly a month time.\"Students have used Hindi and English in the film to narrate the story so that it holds relevance for a larger group of the society,\" said Vasu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071924", "title": "Rights activists say PUCL worker is not a Maoist", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh cell of People's Union for Civil Liberties and National Alliance of People's Movements have appealed for support to social activist and journalist Seema Azad and her husband Vishvavijay, convicted on June 8 by an Allahabad court of sedition. They are accused of links with Maoists and their front organisations and held guilty of \"waging war against the nation\".PUCL's UP general secretary Vandana Misra said, \"As soon as we get a copy of the verdict, lawyers associated with the organisation will examine it and file an appeal in the High Court.\"NAPM general secretary and Magsaysay awardee Sandeep Pandey said Seema is a civil rights activist and not a Maoist sympathiser. He said Seema was UP secretary of PUCL and publishing a magazine, 'Dastak', in which she wrote articles on illegal mining in East UP by mafia in connivance government officials.NAPM said Seema was arrested after she tried to sensitise people about instances of violation of their rights, including human rights. \"NAPM fully support the cause taken up by activists like Seema and NAPM will garner more support in her favour throughout the country,\" stated the appeal signed by advocate RK Jain, Sandeep Pandey, Roma, SR Darapuri, Arundhati Dhuru, Ashok Choudhary, Rajeev Yadav and Shanta Bhattacharya.Seema and Vishwavijay were arrested by UP STF in February 2010 and cops claimed to have recovered Maoist literature and large amounts of cash from them. They were charged with associating with the banned Maoists.After arresting them, STF handed them over to anti-terrorism squad (ATS) for their \"involvement\" in terror activities. ATS said the couple was involved in inciting people through CD, laptops and books. The court held them guilty and awarded them life term.The police also claimed they found incriminating material from the couple which included a detailed programme of Krantikari Jan Committee, pamphlets carrying message of CPI (Maoist), a pamphlet related to the arrest of Kobad Gandhi, a pamphlet on arrest of Naxal and Maoist functionaries and members in Bihar, Jharkhand, Orissa and Chhattisgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077137", "title": "Lankans among five held with forged passports", "text": "CHENNAI: During surprise checks at lodges in Valasaravakkam, police on Tuesday caught three Sri Lankan Tamils with fake passports. They revealed during interrogation that they were about to fly to France with the help of two agents who also helped them get the fake passports, police officers said.Police arrested the trio and nabbed the agents, Srinivasalu of Andhra Pradesh and Prabhakar of Trichy.During a check at a lodge on Arcot Road, police found that Sri Lankan Tamils, Dharmaseelan, 39, Balakumar, 28, and Ribinius Duke, 27, had checked into one of the rooms.\"When we questioned them, they revealed that they were waiting to meet the agents and had been staying at the lodge for a few days,\" assistant commissioner of police M Chandrasekar said. \"We set a trap for the agents by getting the Sri Lankan nationals to call them to the lodge.\"The agents revealed that they obtained the passports from the Madurai passport office and replaced the photographs and details on them. They had faked passports for 10 people earlier, an investigating officer said.\"The agents helped the 10 people to travel to France and Canada ,\" the officer said. \"Many of their customers went abroad looking for jobs but ended up behind bars.\"The agents also procured fake voter ID cards and driving licences. Police seized fake voter ID cards and driving licence from the agents.Police intensified checks in lodges and mansions in the neighbourhood after they arrested the Sri Lankan nationals. The case is likely to be handed over to the 'Q' branch police for further investigation.The agents revealed that they obtained the passports from the Madurai passport office and replaced the photographs and details on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14069618", "title": "Congress workers create ruckus at Vadodara Municipal Corporation, detained", "text": "VADODARA: With the elections around the corner, the Congress seems to be going all out to conduct agitations in the city. Since Monday night, the party was on a spree to hold demonstrations in the city over various issues and over 50 Congress workers were detained.The demonstrations began with opposition leader in the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) and Congress councillor Chinnam Gandhi reaching the residence of the municipal commissioner late on Monday night. While the commissioner Ashwini Kumar was not present, Gandhi and his supporters raised slogans there.A posse of policemen rushed to the spot and detained Gandhi as well as his supporters. Gandhi claimed that he had been raising the issue of supply of dirty water in Kotartalavadi in Manjalpur since quite some time. \"There was no response and hence I had to take the extreme step,\" he said. Gandhi and 24 others who were arrested were granted bail on Tuesday.Like previous occasions, the city unit of the Congress also held demonstrations parallel to the visit of chief minister Narendra Modi to the city on Tuesday morning. The Congress workers raised the demand of reduction of value added tax on petroleum products. They had planned a demonstration led by city unit president Narednra Ravat at Gandhi Nagargruh, but were detained.Some Congress workers had also planned a demonstration at the Lalbaug overbridge to protest against Modi's cavalcade using a 'No Entry' lane to commute. A portion of the divider was also broken to pave way for the vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071757", "title": "Old couple looted on Lucknow outskirts", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a daylight incident, gun-wielding miscreants barged into the house of an old couple, beat them up and escaped with gold jewellery and valuables worth lakhs. The incident took place on city outskirts under Chinhat police station on Tuesday morning.The victim couple was identified as Patanjali Sodhi (83) and his wife Usha Sodhi (74) and their domestic help Ram Kishore (45), all resident of Gosain Ka Purwa village in Chinhat police station area. According to reports, Ram Kishore had been living with the couple since childhood.At around 11.45am, Ram Kishore had come out of the bungalow-cum-farmhouse of Sodhi's to dump kitchen waste. On way, he was interrupted by a 22-year-old man, who called the domestic help by his name and said: \"Are you Ram Kishore?\" After receiving an affirmative answer from Ram Kishore, the said miscreant asked him to take him to Sodhis and started walking with Ram Kishore.Soon, he was joined by three more miscreants, leaving Ram Kishore helpless. The miscreants entered inside the house and asked Sodhis for the keys of the safe where jewellery and valuables were kept. One of the miscreants then whipped out a country-made .315-bore pistol and asked them take out the valuables they were wearing.While Usha had to take out two gold bangles, Patanjali and Ram Kishore were asked to take out their watches. During the course of the drama, the miscreants continued to beat up the old couple and the domestic help.While the miscreants asked for keys of the lockers and safe where other valuables might have been kept, someone rang the door-bell of the house. This alerted the miscreants who assuming that someone has come to see Sodhis, fled from the backyard door.The police said that according to eye-witnesses the miscreants sat in a four-wheeler and fled from the spot. They added that another miscreant was also seen waiting in the four-wheeler while the four had gone inside the house. The police rushed to the spot and started the investigation into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075382", "title": "Don\u2019t let ex-judges practise in Bombay HC: PIL", "text": "MUMBAI: A public interest litigation has been filed in the Bombay high court seeking a ban on five former judges who continued to practise before the court after they resigned. The PIL says they can practise in any other court, including the Supreme Court, but not in the Bombay HC.The five former judges are Y S Jahagirdar, Anil Sakhare, S U Kamdar, Ashutosh Kumbhakoni and Girish Godbole.They were elevated to the bench from the bar. The petition has been filed by activist Nitin Deshpande.In his petition, Deshpande said,\"Adorning the chair of judges for few months and just before they being confirmed as permanent judges, they submitted their respective resignations and resumed practice as advocates.\"The petition states that according to Article 220 of the Constitution, a permanent judge is restrained from practising in the same HC where he held office. The five, though they were not confirmed, come under the ambit of Article 220 and should also be restrained, it urged. Deshpande's petition relied on an SC judgment in the case of S P Gupta wherein it was held that additional judges are to be treated as permanent judges. The petition says by that corollary these five former judges should thus be restrained from practising before the Bombay HC.Deshpande has also submitted that on account of their experience as judges of the HC and their past association with sitting judges, their re-entry into the bar confers them an \"exceptional aura which gives them extraordinary benefits in many respects.\" The matter was mentioned on Tuesday by Deshpande's advocate Ashish Mehta before a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit and Justice Nitin Jamdar. Mehta urged the court to constitute a special bench for hearing of the PIL. The petition is likely to be listed for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14084515", "title": "Shanghai surprises Bollywood trade gurus", "text": "Dibakar Banerjee's Shanghai had critics going gaga over it. Though, trade pundits had hinted that the film may not get a blockbuster opening that is expected from an Emraan Hashmi venture, the weekend collection of approximately Rs 12 crore may force them to change their minds. In fact, trade analyst Amod Mehra predicted, \"Shanghai will break even. That is for sure.\"However, according to the makers, the film has already recovered its cost. Distributor Rajesh Thadani, for one says it is the satellite rights that have helped its cause. \"Though theatrical response to the film is not up to the mark, the satellite rights have helped it sail through,\" said Thadani.TOI has learnt that the satellite rights of Shanghai have been sold for Rs 8 crore and the music rights for Rs 2.75 crore. Also, 20 per cent of theatrical rights have been sold for Rs 4 crore.The producers claim that the film was made on a tight budget of Rs 19.5 crore. When asked how they managed to rope in Emraan Hashmi, Abhay Deol , Kalki Koechlin and Prosenjeet Chatterjee on such meagre monies, producer Priya Sreedharan explained, \"It is not right to compare a small movie to a big budget film. They have all done it for us for a good price. We are glad to have recovered costs.\"Incidentally, Sujoy Ghosh's Kahaani starring Vidya Balan , had a similar start earlier this year. The film that opened to a small audience, with effective word of mouth publicity, went on to pull bigger numbers in the second week. Shanghai too has a week before Vidhu Vinod Chopra's Ferrari Ki Sawaari takes over the theatres.But that hasn't managed to take away from director Dibakar's happiness. \"The film is doing great. In fact, today I was in a suburban multiplex with Emraan for the 3.30 pm show. There was 60 per cent occupancy,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14070206", "title": "Chidambaram, Ambika and Khurshid coming to slam Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As Narendra Modi emerges as BJP's top prime ministerial candidate, Congress has finally swung into action to corner the Gujarat chief minister ahead of assembly polls to be held in December this year.In a first-of-its-kind exercise, three Union ministers - P Chidambaram, Ambika Soni and Salman Khurshid - will arrive here on Wednesday only to address the media in Ahmedabad, to talk about the Centre's contribution in the Gujarat growth story, in a clear bid to share the spoils with Modi on the development front. An official announcement of the visit described this as part of central government's outreach initiative.\"Congress had made the mistake of attacking Modi for his communal image. For the first time, the party plans to challenge his propaganda about economic development,\" said a Congress leader.Having been out of power for nearly two decades in Gujarat, the Congress ministers are expected to dish out statistics to bust the 'vibrant' image of the state, even while giving figures of handsome contributions to Gujarat by UPA-2 for various projects, like BRTS in Ahmedabad, where Modi has cornered the lion's share of credit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14085539", "title": "Did you too get a call from +375297298696?", "text": "People across India, who got a call from this number in the last two days, are worried about their contacts being copied.There's panic in the city! Reason? People have been getting a missed call from an international number (+37529******) at odds hours and when they call back on the number, they realise it's a sex chat line with obscene recorded noises in the background. What's now a bigger cause for worry is the sms doing the rounds which says \"If you call back on the number then you'll be charged 15 to 30 $ and they can copy your contact list in three seconds and if you have you bank or credit card details on it then they can copy that too.\"Says actress Rakshanda Khan, \"I got the call, but didn't answer it. Many others have also got the call. Yes, people are panicking about whether their contacts have been copied. But my friend, who is a tech expert, says it's not possible to copy contacts like that. So, I guess people should relax.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14083403", "title": "Mallika to play 25 and 55 year old in Ozhimuri", "text": "National award winner Mallika is coming in different getups. She is doing the roles of 25 age lady and 55 aged mother in the film 'Ozhimuri'. Madhupal is the director of this film. Asif Ali, Lal , Shwetha Menon and Bhavana are the other stars in the movie.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077338", "title": "Chennai's Class X students get letter from Kapil Sibal", "text": "CHENNAI: Students from the city who wrote their CBSE Class 10 exams in March, were in for a surprise on Monday. The first batch to write the exam under the the continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) scheme, have been sent personal 'appreciation' letters from Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal .Separately, students who scored A-1 in the exam received certificates of merit for their outstanding performance, excluding the additional sixth subject.In the letter, Sibal said, \"I am sure your parents are feeling proud of you. You are special to the country as you belong to the first batch that completed Class 10 under CCE scheme.\"Senior principal of Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram J Ajeeth Prasath Jain said, \"The children are delighted to get the letter from union minister Kapil Sibil. When I distributed the letters to the students, I recalled my past experience. I was the first batch in the University of Madras (1976-77) to undergo semester pattern for all courses. It was a different experience. Similarly, the first batch of students under the CCE scheme would have had a different experience.\"SBOA School and Junior College principal P C Selvarani said, \"the 685 students who got the appreciation letter were elated and more than 140 students who scored A-1 grade got the merit certificate.\"G Mahitha, a Class 11 student of DAV Girls Senior Secondary School in Gopalapuram, who received the certificate, scored A-1 in all five subjects. \"This will definitely motivate young students,\" Mahitha's father A M S Gunaseelan, inspector-general of police (DVAC), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14074617", "title": "Loans elude poor Muslims as AP's minority finance body fails to meet target", "text": "HYDERABAD: Funds with the AP State Minority Finance Corporation are lying unutilised, thanks to the reluctance on the part of nationalized banks in giving loans to small entrepreneurs from the minority communities, sources at the Secretariat said.According to the latest State Level Banker's Committee report, the corporation could not meet its target of releasing Rs 8.7 crore subsidy in 2011-2012 owing to non-clearance of loan applications by banks. It released only Rs 3.8 crore until February 2012. The number of persons who benefited was only 2,077 as against the targeted figure of 2,900 the same financial year.The government, however, without correcting the loan mechanism has increased the subsidy grant outlay of the corporation by about two and half times to Rs 21.25 crore and the number of beneficiaries to 8,500. As per the APSFMC rules, each loan applicant is eligible for a subsidy of 50 per cent of the loan (unit) amount or Rs 30,000, whichever is lower. Forty per cent is provided by the bank while the loanee has to put in 10 per cent of the unit cost.Experts point out that the banks are not lending the way they should, which forces the needy to approach private moneylenders. Syed Amin Jafri, MLC, said benefits will not be visible if the APSFMC does not meet its targets. \"According to SLBC cumulative reports, until February this year, 2077 people availed of the loans and the subsidy amount doled out was Rs 3.8 crore. A total of 6,293 people had applied for loans. The delay in disbursement of the loan, which often happens a year after the application, also runs counter to the purpose. If targets are not met and if the banks do not disburse the amount immediately, the benefit does not reach the beneficiaries in the intended manner,\" he said.At a meeting in September 2011 on the release of a research study on \"Socio-economic status of AP Muslims post-Sachar Committee\", the issue of financial inclusion and lending to minorities, especially to Muslims, in the last five years was highlighted. Dr Abusaleh Shariff, former member-secretary of Sachar Committee who conducted the study, faulted the APSFMC for not providing poor Muslims economic assistance through low interest loans.Jafri also opined that the subsidy benefits a very small fraction of the minorities and that the subsidy itself is insignificant. \"Even if we make a modest assumption that 60 per cent of the15 lakh minority families in the state are below poverty line, the number of people who benefit from the scheme is less than one per cent,\" he said. Adding that the subsidy amount should be increased manifold, he said that the eligibility condition of less than Rs 50,000 family income has prevented many in need from availing the benefit.During the 177th SLBC meeting, managing director of APSFMC Ilyas Rizwi claimed that the banks' target was only 7 per cent as against 15 per cent under priority sector lending to minority communities. But when contacted, Rizwi maintained that targets for subsidy grant for loans were being met. \"The subsidy amount is given to us on quarterly basis. We can make the amount available only after we receive it. Directions have been given to all district officers to wrap up last year's lending by the end of this month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nellore/polavaram", "code": "14071310", "title": "'Neglected' villages boycott bypolls", "text": "NELLORE/POLAVARAM: While a large number of voters patiently waited for their turn in queues to cast their franchise, people from two villages in Nellore Lok Sabha constituency and seven villages from Polavaram assembly seat boycotted the elections.The locals of these villages raised their voice against the laxity of the official machinery in addressing their grievances and boycotted the election. At Racharlapadu village of Kodavalur mandal of Kovur assembly segment, the locals kept themselves away from the polls demanding that their land, which was taken away for Kisan SEZ proposed by IFFCO, be returned. Upon information about the locals' decision, Nellore district collector B Sridhar rushed the local tehsildar to the village and asked him to prevail upon the electors. Tehsildar Venkaiah visited the village and requested the villagers to participate in the voting with a promise to take the issue to the notice of the collector. But the official's efforts failed to yield any result as the village, which has 526 votes, did not relent.The villagers said more than 500 acres of land was forcibly acquired by the district administration and handed over to IFFCO to set up Kisan SEZ almost five years ago. As IFFCO failed to set up the proposed industrial units relating to the agriculture sector, the villagers of Racharlapadu have been demanding the return of their lands. \"The government promised that Kisan SEZ would help generate employment in large-scale in which the local youth would get their due share. Unfortunately, we lost both the land and employment opportunity as IFFCO did not set up the SEZ,\" P Venkatramaiah, a local farmer, criticised. With entire village sticking to their demand, the polling officials returned with empty EVMs in the evening. Similarly, the villagers of Chowdarypet of Kavali mandal, also under Nellore LS, too boycotted the election in protest of the failure of the officials in providing drinking water. This village has about 600 votes. Curiously, no political party made any effort to prevail upon the angry voters either at Racharlapadu or at Chowdarypet since the election here was for LS constituency and might have thought that 1000 votes were not going to change the result. The political parties would have rushed to the villagers had it been the election of an assembly segment, said a polling official.However, YSR CP legislator of Kovur, N Prasanna Kumar Reddy said that they did not approach the locals due to the model code of conduct, which barred any political party from seeking or campaigning for votes 48 hours before the polling. He, however, promised to look into the issue of Kisan SEZ after the declaration of results as it falls in his assembly segment.In Polavaram in West Godavari, people of Gummatur, Lankapakala, Reddikoppalle and Chintapalle and three other villages boycotted the polls following a call by the CPI (ML) New Democracy. Election officials said polling in both Buttaigudem and Polavaram mandals did not take place as the voters responded positively to the ND appeal. The ND said the government had not solved people's problems for a long time and hence the voters should boycott the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14082425", "title": "Karthik\u2019s Shakuni releasing on June 22", "text": "Tamil actor Karthi's upcoming political thriller \"Shakuni\" is releasing on June 22. The makers of the film have confirmed that \"Shakuni\" will hit the screens simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil on June 22.The film is directed by debutant Shankar Dayal, produced by Studio Green Gnanavel Raja. Sources say that Bellamkonda Suresh is planning to release in more than 500 screens in AP for the Telugu version.Karthi's earlier dubbed Telugu films \"Naa Peru Shiva\", \"Yuganiki Okkadu\", etc have managed to generate quite a decent buzz in AP. And he currently has huge popularity and market in this necks of the woods. Pranitha is playing the leading lady in this film.Also, Ajith's \" David Billa\" is releasing on the same day (June 22) and it'll be an interesting battle to watch out for at the box office between Ajith and Karthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14072298", "title": "All B.Tech students fail 2nd semester exam", "text": "NOIDA: The Mahamaya Technical University has ordered an investigation into the matter of not a single student in ten colleges affiliated to it getting passing marks in any of the subjects in the second semester B.Tech exams.MTU officials said that the fact that not even a single student was able to secure the required passing percentage in any subject raises questions regarding the quality of education being imparted in these institutions.\"The university has 408 colleges affiliated to it and among these 178 colleges offer B.Tech. However the results are not very positive and there will be a definite investigation into the matter,\" said an official.The vice chancellor of the university said that he has ordered the colleges to explain the reason for this poor performance and has sent a letter instructing them to explain the reasons behind it. University officials said that the faculty in these colleges will also be coming under the radar for checking their credentials. \"The fate of a student lies in the hands of his or her teachers and the teachers have a responsibility to bear in this matter,\" said the official.First year B.Tech had the poorest performance amongst the courses, with a total pass percentage of only 46%. Around 42,000 students sat for their second semester exams. The pass percentage for 10,000 students who gave the final year MBA courses was 65%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071227", "title": "Truant monsoon has farmers worried", "text": "HYDERABAD: Agriculture department officials are eagerly awaiting the south-west monsoon to hit the state as any further delay could become a cause for worry. As per the status report prepared by the agriculture department last week, the south-west monsoon should have arrived in the state on June 5-6 and covered the entire Andhra Pradesh by June 10-11.However, the reality is that till date, the state has experienced a rainfall of only 1 mm as against the 14.3 mm it should have by now. This means the state is experiencing a deficit of 93%.\"The monsoon is delayed but there is no cause for worry as of now. However, farmers are tense,\" agriculture commissioner K Madhusudhana Rao told TOI. Another factor that requires immediate attention is that the total quantum of water in all the reservoirs in the state till date is 284.63 TMC (Thousand Million Cubic) feet as against 515.73 TMC same time last year.The delay in the onset of the south-west monsoon in the state has delayed the crop sowing in all the districts. According to the status report by the agriculture department, sowing had not started in 33% of the area. Crop-wise, the sowing of paddy, jowar, maize, red gram, green gram, horse gram along with oil seed crops except cotton and groundnut has been delayed in the state.While heat wave conditions are still prevailing in East and West Godavari, Krishna, Adilabad, Khammam and Warangal districts, during the last week, East Godavari, Prakasam, Kurnool, Ranga Reddy and Hyderabad did not receive any rainfall. Region wise, north-coastal Andhra is experiencing a deficiency of 95% while the deficit in the south-coastal area is minus 98%. In Rayalaseema, the rainfall received till date is minus 91%, while it is minus 89% for northern Telangana. In south Telangana, the rainfall deficiency stands at minus 98%.The agriculture commission was hopeful that the monsoon should arrive in the next few days. \"The delay is being utilised to keep seeds ready in all the districts. Every effort is being taken to prevent black marketing of seed,\" he said.Meanwhile, AP Rythu Sangam president S Malla Reddy said the delay is a cause of worry for them. \"Because of the delay, production of pulses will be affected greatly as farmers will now switch over to cotton, inviting new problems from seed availability to marketing,\" he said. Farmers are worried that the late sowing would also increase the vulnerability of the crops to pests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "14076933", "title": "Terracotta citadel crumbles in absence of govt support", "text": "KEONJHAR: Once the pride of Keonjhar, terracotta art today is on the verge of extinction due to lack of promotion and support. Terracotta artists are not only facing financial difficulties due to lack of proper market facilities, they are also facing stiff competition from their counterparts from other districts and states. Owing to this, hundreds of terracotta artists in the district have already left this trade and shifted to other occupations.Tikarpada village of Sadar block, Bataharichandanpur and Haladharapur villages of Ghatagaon block, Mallipasi village of Patna block, Tukudiha village of Jhumpura block of Keonjhar district are known as terracotta villages, where thousands of potter families have been practicing the craft art since many years. Earlier, with support from the government, they were earning their livelihood by preparing various fashionable and decorative items like flower vase, flower pots, telephone stand, lamps, water filter, colorful pitchers, idols of deities, renowned personalities, animals, birds etc., and were selling their creations at government-run stalls and exhibitions organized at various places.Due to lack of adequate support now, many of these craftsmen are now leading a miserable life. \"Earlier the government provided marketing facilities like shops to sell our products and arranged participation in various exhibitions and melas to sell our products. Now we have lost these facilities,\" rued Goura Chandra Behera, a veteran artist of Tikarpada village. \"We are now running from market to market and sitting by the roadside to sell our products. We are getting lesser price than our investment and hard work. Hence many of us have left the art and shifted to other businesses to look after our families,\" he said.\"I started terracotta art in 1969 after training at a government-sponsored facility. Prior to that I was working as a potter. During that time the government had opened a shop known as Gramodyog in Keonjhar town to market the products of terracotta artists. But it closed down 15 years ago. The local administration is not encouraging us anymore to participate in exhibitions or Gramashree melas held at various districts or states to sell our products like they used to earlier. Hence except a few of us others have already left the art,\" Behera added.At least 120 families had taken to terracotta art in Tikarapada village earlier to enhance their socio-economic condition. Now only 30 families of the village are engaged in the art form. Similar situation persists in other villages of Bataharichandanpur and Haladarpur, where about 100 families used to practice the art earlier. A lone government shop in Bataharichandanpur village of Ghatagaon block, by the side of NH215, is now the only outlet available to these villagers to sell their terracotta products from.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14078374", "title": "Central panel nod to law college, airport in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The national committee on celebrations for 150th birth anniversary of Pandit Motilal Nehru has given assent to setting up a National Law University and a domestic airport in Allahabad and according central status to Motilal Nehru Medical College.The committee headed by the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , HRD minister Kapil Sibal , Union law minister Salman Khurshid , information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni and Karan Singh met at New Delhi recently.Congress leader Jitendra Nath Singh, who is member of the committee, mooted the proposal for according central status to Motilal Nehru Medical College, Allahabad and upgrading it to the level of Post Graduate Institute of Medical sciences.He also urged the committee members to set up a domestic airport in the name of Nehru and set up a chair at Allahabad University in the name of Nehru. Since Motilal Nehru was a famous lawyer, Singh suggested that a legal seminar be organized in his name at Anand Bhawan or Allahabad High Court. To continue the tradition of organising such programmes in future also, an auditorium/convention centre inside the premises of Jawahar Bal Bhawan is also needed, said Singh.The national committee on celebrations for 150th birth anniversary of Pandit Motilal Nehru has given assent to setting up a National Law University and a domestic airport in Allahabad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14076898", "title": "Cidco may demolish top 3 floors of Kharghar building", "text": "MUMBAI: After winning its battle in the high court, the City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) is all set to demolish unauthorized floors of the Green Heritage building, which is near Central Park in Kharghar.A source said the building's top two or three floors, accommodating 16 to 24 flats, may have to be razed in order to regularize it. \"We have forwarded the matter to our chief controller of unauthorized construction (CCUS), who will now initiate the demolition process. First, the builder will be asked to carry out the work on his own. If he fails to do so, Cidco will carry it out, but recover expenses from the builder,\" said a senior Cidco official.Cidco officials say the building's residents, who may have to vacate their properties, can seek compensation from the builder\u2014Abhishek Builders and Developers\u2014though the process is likely to be long-drawn. \"Affected residents may have to approach the consumer court to get back their money,\" an official said. While endorsing Cidco's action, the HC's message to buyers was that those who get carried away by brochures and advertisements and buy flats without inquiries cannot seek the court's help.What about residents' allegation that Cidco did not monitor the building's construction? An official said this was not possible. \"The builder must follow the plan approved by Cidco or face action as per law.\"There are chances that the builder moves court over the HC verdict, either requesting a stay or challenging the verdict.According to Cidco officials, the builder illegally extended the construction area of each floor horizontally by 1.5 m, thus converting 2,300 sq m above the allowed floor space index into saleable space.\"Due to structural problems in demolition, the builder has to figure out how much area on the top floors can be demolished to remove the illegally built area so that the building can be regularized. May be the top two or three floors, which accommodate 16 to 24 flats,\" said a Cidco official. The building has 140 flats in four wings, with two flats on each floor.Violations The developer of Green Heritage in Sector 20, Kharghar, extended the construction area of each floor horizontally by 1.5 m, thus converting around 2,300 sq m beyond the allowed FSI into a saleable commodityOf the illegal 2,300 sq m, 1,575 sq m were sold as residential flats. The rest comprise a club house and commercial unitsRemoving the 1.5-m horizontal extension would mean slicing the building vertically\u2014which cannot be done as that will damage the entire structureAlternatively, the top two or three floors can be razed to bring the building's FSI within the permitted limit Legal recourse BUILDER | Can approach the high court, urging it to stop Cidco from going ahead with the demolition; can also approach the Supreme Court, appealing against the HC's decision RESIDENTS | Can approach the consumer court to get back their investments if they are forced to vacate their properties. They may appeal for a return of money after a valuation of their properties at the highest market rateHistory of the dispute 2005 | Cidco allots two plots close to Central Park, Kharghar, to Abhishek Builders and Developers 2006 | Developer amalgamates plots, submits building plans for the construction of 90 residential units, obtains commencement certificate 2009 | After construction, developer applies for occupancy certificate. Cidco scrutinizes building, discovers discrepancies with original diagrams, refuses occupation certificate Oct 2011 | Cidco recommends demolition Jan 2012 | Seven-day demolition notice issued to developer, who moves court June | HC dismisses developer's petition, upholds Cidco's stand", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14084556", "title": "Now, Wasseypur in censor trouble", "text": "Anurag Kashyap's much anticipated Gangs of Wasseypur is headed for fresh trouble.In a face-off of sorts with the censor, the CBFC has cleared the gangland saga with cuts for 'Adult' viewing however it is yet to be given a go-ahead by the censor board.Reason being the CBFC is insisting on a disclaimer right at the beginning and Anurag, known to be a stickler with regard to his convictions, is in no mood to oblige.A source revealed to us, \"The CBFC has asked Anurag Kashyap to put a prominent disclaimer at the beginning of the film, declaring that the events and circumstances described in the film are a fictionalised and dramatised version of the reality. Anurag however has refused to do so. So Gangs Of Wasseypur is caught in a peculiar deadlock. It is censored and ready for public consumption but being held back only because the director won't declare his film to be fictional.\"Interestingly, the film that revolves round the coal mafia in Dhanbad ( Jharkhand ) has been a magnet for controversy from the beginning. For starters, it could not be shot on location and Varanasi had to masquerade as Dhanbad. And, as Mirror told you, the writer has been threatened with life if he should ever set foot in Wasseypur, which is his hometown. What's more, the residents of Wasseypur are protesting the title as it may affect their reputation.With both Kashyap and the CBFC refraining from comment, it remains to be seen if Kashyap will eventually buckle under pressure from the censor as the release date approaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14083161", "title": "Actress Nikitha on cloud nine", "text": "The actress who had made her debut last year with \"It's My Love Story\" has been nominated in the category of best female debut for a film awards to be held on June 21.\"I'm happy to be nominated and specially because I'm competing with some of the good actresses like Amala Paul, Nithya Menon and Sarah Jane Dias,\" says Nikita. The actress who got good reviews for her performance in her debut film, adds, \"I'm lucky that I got a performance-oriented character in my debut film which got me lot of appreciation.\" According to a source, Nikitha has signed her next project. On asking she says, \"I can't talk about the film right now, but I have signed couple of other projects and I'm quite exciting about them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14069631", "title": "Commerce faculty fracas: M S University appoints probe committee", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) on Tuesday appointed a seven-member fact-finding committee to probe the recent fracas at the university's Faculty of Commerce between BJP-RSS and ABVP factions.The probe committee under the convenorship of professor Ranjan Sengputa will inquire into the incidents and disturbances that had occurred during the admission process on June 9 at the main building of Faculty of Commerce.The university officials have asked the probe committee to submit its report to MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh at the earliest on what exactly had transpired at the faculty so that some action can be initiated.The rival camps of 'Parivaar' had hurled verbal and physical abuses at the faculty on Saturday when the admission season was in full swing. A teacher Pragnesh Shah, who belongs to BJP-RSS camp, had allegedly assaulted a former general secretary of MSU Students Union Smit Thakur, who is associated with ABVP, after heated arguments over a petty issue of banners being put up at the faculty premises. Shah has denied physically assaulting Thakur.After the incident, ABVP has been demanding action against Shah. It has threatened to launch a stir if the university officials fail to take action against Shah.The other members of the committee include professor Mahesh Champaklal, professor P S Choondawat, Dinesh Kanchan, professor B V Kamath, professor R S Srivastava and senate member Nilesh Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071100", "title": "Traffic comes to a standstill", "text": "BHOPAL: Heavy pre-monsoon showers brought the city to a standstill as traffic moved at a snail's pace at almost all the major roads of the city. Jams were witnessed at the link road, the Chetak Bridge, the Arera Hills , MP Nagar crossing, Jyoti talkies square, the under bridge at Habibganj, several places in Arera Colony, Kamla Park in the old city among others.The heavy showers coincided with the office hours when government employees and officials called it a day. On way back to home, they faced uprooted trees and water logging on the roads. This triggered traffic jamsAnd as usual, the traffic cops were conspicuously missing from the major traffic junctions. Those who were manning some squares, had to struggle to handle the huge rush and impatient motorists.At Arera hills there was a two km long jam while at Jyoti traffic square the vehicles were stranded till Ambedkar square. \"It took me one and half hour to reach MP Nagar from my office at Shyamla hills\", said Anil Kumar who works with a private firm.The assistant fire officer of the BMC Sajid Khan said the teams have been sent to different places to remove the uprooted trees obstructing the traffic. Similarly, efforts also remain underway to clear the water logging. However, the officials of the traffic department said that situation was brought back to normal by late the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14076873", "title": "Kudankulam no Fukushima, Centre &amp; Atomic Energy Commission tell high court", "text": "CHENNAI: Adequate safety measures have been put in place at the Kudankulam nuclear power plant after studying the Chernobyl nuclear disaster of 1986 and the Fukushima incident of 2011, the Centre told the Madras high court on Tuesday.A submission to this effect was made by the Centre as well as the Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) when the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T Sivagnanam took up a batch of seven public interest writ petitions relating to the Kudankulam issue. The first bench then referred the matter to a bench comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraisamy, which will hear it on Monday.While most PILs wanted the plant to await safety precautions and clearances before going critical, one PIL wanted the expeditious commencement of power generation and action against those delaying the project.On Tuesday, submitting four separate counter-affidavits filed by various central authorities, the additional solicitor-general of south India M Ravindran said a project of immense national importance and a well-studied policy decision of the government could not be unreasonably questioned.\"Chernobyl-type accident is impossible at Kudankulam and the advanced safety features of Kudankulam units will prevent any serious incident of that magnitude,\" said the Department of Atomic Energy and the AEC. Noting that the plant has been constructed 7.65 metres above sea level, their counter said the tsunami of 2004 triggered tides up to 2.5 metres. \"The Kudankulam nuclear power plant is very well-protected from a possible tsunami or other natural disasters. The Atomic Energy Regulatory Board had already undertaken a thorough review of safety measures at Kudankulam as part of its assessment of nuclear plants across the country in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear disaster and made some additional recommendations with regard to the storage of water for emergency cooling and to handle situations of prolonged loss of power,\" it said.The counters pointed out that out of 529 atomic power plants in the world, only 20 are located in India and that the country occupied 15th position in the generation and use of nuclear power.Describing the PILs as 'publicity-oriented,' the counters said India was using nuclear technology for peaceful purposes such as electricity generation. Highlighting the acute power shortage, more so in Tamil Nadu , the counters said power from Kudankulam units would be of great help for the nation.The counters, however, got philosophical at times, when they said: \"No technological endeavour is free from certain amount of risk. Everyday human activities involve some amount of risk. However, technological safeguards are adopted to minimize such risks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071988", "title": "Probe Gorakhpur firing: Council chairman to govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Legislative Council chairman Ganesh Shanker Pandey on Tuesday directed the state government to conduct an inquiry into the firing incident in Gorakhpur in which a former BSP minister and his brother were allegedly involved. The Legislative Council chairman issued the order after Leader of Opposition Naseemuddin Siddiqui and other BSP members raised the issue in the House through adjournment motion during the Zero Hour.Siddiqui alleged that registering FIR against former minister Ram Bhuaal Nishad and his brother Manoj Nishad for allegedly firing at a man named Ranjit Nishad on May 7 at Chattrasangh crossing was an act of vendetta. He alleged that there is a difference in the FIR filed against the minister and the police report on the case. \"In the FIR lodged by Ranjit Nishad, it was alleged that Bhuaal himself opened fire, whereas after police investigation charge of conspiracy was slapped against him,\" he alleged. Supporting his claim, Siddiqui read out a portion of the case diary of the police to which Leader of the House Ahmad Hasan raised an objection. Hasan said that by reading out portion of a secret document like case diary in the House, Siddiqui has committed a crime for which a case can also be lodged against him. Hasan said that the police officer who provided portion of the case diary to Siddiqui had also committed crime. The council chairman directed the government to conduct an independent inquiry into the firing case and take action to remove differences in FIR and police report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070385", "title": "Youth stabbing incident: Accused on the run", "text": "JAIPUR: An affair over a girl led to the stabbing incident of 22-year-old Charma Raj Meena, who was preparing for competitive exams, on Monday in Mahesh Nagar police station area, police said on Tuesday.According to police, some youths had misbehaved with the girl which led to led to an animosity between them and the victim. The accused are still on the run.The victim, Dharma Raj Meena, was a resident of Taranpur village in Sawai Madhopur district. \"He was preparing for competitive examinations and living in a rented accommodation in the Mahesh Nagar locality for the past six months,\" a police officer said.He said Meena had an affair with a girl. \"Some youths had misbehaved with the girl recently. Meena and these youths had a fight over the issue. The youths had been planning to take revenge. It has come up that they had issued threats to Meena,\" the officer said.On Monday, when Meena was passing through Bhagirath Nagar in Mahesh Nagar area, three youths rushed behind him. \"They first started beating them up and then one of them took out a knife and stabbed him repeatedly. They then fled,\" the officer said. He added that the youth was rushed to a hospital by the locals, however, he died while undergoing treatment.In a dying statement to the police, Meena revealed the names of the attackers. \"The suspects are residents of a nearby village in Sawai Madhopur,\" the officer said. Police carried out raids at several places in search of the three accused, however, they could not be found.\"Teams have been rushed to their village and other possible hide-outs. We hope to arrest them soon,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071862", "title": "Medical teachers to retire at 65", "text": "LUCKNOW: In wake of acute shortage of doctors and teaching faculty at autonomous medical institutions, the state government has decided to increase retirement age of medical teachers from 62 to 65 years. The medical education department has already taken the state cabinet approval (via circulation) for this and is in the process of issuing a government order (GO) in this regard.Sources said the final text of the GO is being vetted by the state law department. It would be issued in a few days. The order would be effective for Sanjay Gandhi Post-Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University and Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences. Faculty members at SGPGI and CSMMU had submitted representations to chief secretary Jawed Usmani in this regard. Usmani had assured all possible help to strengthen services in the institution.\"There is, in fact, no option left with us. Quality faculty is needed to create teachers for the next generation of medical students. The crisis would have long term effect on medical education. When we were students, teaching was the first thing a student thought of but now a days everyone wants to work in private hospitals and draw six-figure salaries. Only a few students are interested in teaching and research,\" said Prof Rajendra Prasad , director, Rural Institute of Medical Sciences, Saifai, which was the first autonomous institute to raise retirement age to 65 years.Statistics attest shortage of doctors and teachers. At SGPGI, there are 145 faculty members against 250 sanctioned posts. Similarly, CSMMU has some 350 doctors against the minimum requirement of 500. Director, Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences, Prof MC Pant said there are only 17 doctors against 61 sanctioned posts. Worse, crisis is increasing due to retirement of teachers (for example, 10 senior faculty members are due to retire in 2012) or exodus of faculty for greener pastures (which is rather common in SGPGI).Not just for teaching and research, experienced doctors are needed to manage patientcare services as well. The shortage of doctors puts extra burden on other faulty members. \"At SGPGI, we have 921 fully functional beds and an ever increasing burden of patients in the out patient department. In 2011-12, more than 3.6 lakh new patients were seen at our OPD. We need hands to cope up with the need,\" said SGPGI director Prof RK Sharma. Chief medical superintendent, CSMMU, Prof SN Shankhwar said, \"It is difficult to manage the situation at times.\"It has been learnt that the medical education department wants to increase the retirement age of teachers in state medical colleges but couldn't proceed further as the process for the same is too tedious. However, efforts are on. Meanwhile, government doctors have also made a similar demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075972", "title": "No janata for mayor darshan", "text": "BANGALORE: This was a janata darshan without the janata. The city's new mayor was left red-faced when only five citizens turned up for his maiden darshan!What was even funnier was the BBMP's face-saving excuse that citizens weren't aware of this interactive session. The officials, though, were in full attendance for the programme : mayor Venkatesh Murthy, BJP leader N Nagaraj, deputy commissioner (administration ) BF Patil and standing committee chairman V Vageesh.The five citizens who turned up for the 8am-to-10 am meeting didn't mince words in expressing their disillusionment.Chandrakala, a homemaker, told the mayor : \"I need medical fund as I've just delivered a baby and have some health problems.\"Next was businessman Rajanna, who travelled all the way from Dasarahalli in Peenya to the BBMP headquarters in NR Square. \"I am tired of complaining. It is almost six years now that we are suffering due to water shortage. We have complained so many times, but there are no solutions at sight yet.\"Said Srinivas Murthy, a retired citizen : \"There's so much chaos on the road to Nimhans. There is traffic clog every day. Lorries are parked and no one is bothered. I wrote to the authorities concerned last year. Still waiting for a reply.\"The mayor spoke to the Hosur zone corporator and promised Srinivas Murthy immediate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069252", "title": "Manmohan-Obama bilateral unlikely on G-20 sidelines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is unlikely to have a bilateral meeting with US president Barack Obama on the sidelines of the forthcoming G-20 summit in Los Cabos, Mexico. Sources said that Obama would make a brief appearance at the summit, where the only meeting he will hold will be with Russian president Vladimir Putin .It is also expected that UPA would have announced a presidential candidate before Singh leaves for the G-20 summit on Saturday morning. Pranab Mukherjee, finance minister and a likely presidential candidate, will be replaced by Salman Khurshid in Kabul this week. Mukherjee was standing in for foreign minister S M Krishna at the investors' conference in Kabul, but as the clamour for the presidential nominations gathered steam this week, he was asked to stay back.As a phalanx of Indian ministers and senior officials crowd Washington DC this week for the Indo-US strategic dialogue, it's generally felt that there are few wrinkles in the bilateral relationship. Singh will have a lot of explaining to do at the G-20 summit, and it will all centre on UPA's inept handling of politics and the slowdown-hit Indian economy. Besides, with the Iran oil sanctions now officially out of the agenda between New Delhi and Washington, it's expected to be fairly smooth sailing. The Indo-US economic relationship will get an airing in any case in end-June, when US treasury secretary Timothy Geithner visits New Delhi.With Obama heading for elections, he needs Putin's support on two explosive international issues like Iran and Syria , which, if unattended, have the potential to affect his campaign at the last minute. Russia is the biggest supporter of both the regimes. If the Iranian nuclear talks have to succeed in Moscow , Putin is the person Obama needs on his side since the Russian president is still the only leader whom Bashar al-Assad will heed if the massacres in Syria, which is creating ripples in the West, are to give way to some kind of political process.The G-20 summit comes between the Greek elections and the EU summit which could decide the future of the eurozone crisis. If the leftist Alexis Tsipras wins the vote, financial analysts foresee instability which could infect the Spanish banking system. The EU summit next Wednesday, in any case, could see a showdown between France, led by the Socialist Francois Hollande, and Germany's Angela Merkel . The story from Greece and France is similar: they are protesting against the austerity demanded by Merkel. The trouble is \u2014 a eurozone crisis \u2014 could affect the US, and consequently the rest of the world. The G-20 summit is unlikely to be about good news from any quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14070258", "title": "Cops scrutinise visitors' register", "text": "MUMBAI: The Pune police, probing the murder of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui, have examined the visitors' register of Yerawada Central Jail to know who visited his killers Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao in the last month.Siddiqui was strangled by Mohol and Bhalerao in his cell on Friday. He was arrested by the Maharashtra ATS in connection with his alleged role in attempting to plant a bomb on the premises of the Dagdusheth Halwai temple in Pune on February 13, 2010. He was a suspect in the Delhi Jama Masjid firing case and the bomb blast near Bangalore's Chinnaswamy stadium in 2010.Mohol and Bhalerao have been arrested for Siddiqui's murder. \"Investigators have gone through the jail's register and taken details about the visitors in the last one month. They will check the background and credentials of these visitors and their purpose in meeting Mohol and Bhalerao,\" a police source said. Siddiqui's relatives have alleged it was a pre-planned murder. The two accused have said it was the result of a fight, according to the complaint.Police are looking into the last visit of the two accused to a Pune court two days prior to the murder. \"We are going by the evidence and taking all efforts for a fair probe. We are in the process of verifying facts and corroborating various people's statements. It will be too early to say anything about the developments in the probe,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "narasannapet (srikakulam)", "code": "14071380", "title": "Did Dharmana's brother jump the gun?", "text": "NARASANNAPET (SRIKAKULAM): YSR Congress candidate Dharmana Krishna Das created a flutter when he reportedly cast his vote 10 minutes before the scheduled voting started at 8am. Krishna Das, who is minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's elder brother, reached the polling station at Mabagaon village before 8am and was rumoured to have cast his vote minutes before the actual voting began as he was worried about missing the 'muhurtham' (auspicious time).The TV channels flashed the news and opposition parties immediately cried foul. But election officer K Chiranjeevi clarified that he had not given permission to anyone to cast vote before 8am. He, however, admitted that the YSR CP candidate had reached the polling station five minutes before the polling scheduled.\"Krishna Das was standing in the queue along with three others at 7.55am. We started the polling on time and gave permission to cast their vote exactly at 8am,\" the polling station official said.Chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal denied reports that Das was allowed to exercise his franchise before 8am and added that he cast his vote only at 8am. Former advisor to Election Commission K J Rao said no person had the right to vote ahead of scheduled start of polling. \"The EC has a right to cancel the vote of the said candidate if he did vote ahead of time,\" he said in Delhi. He, however, said that EVMs could not record the voting time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077420", "title": "Gaming mania: Kids ready to pay any price", "text": "CHENNAI: On a good day Abbas sells at least three pieces of advanced gaming console Xbox 360. Even though an Xbox costs 22,000, the price has not affected demand for the device.Abbas, assistant manager of Games The Shop, a video game dealer at a popular mall in the city, says the price doesn't matter to his young customers. \"They're only concerned about the options available in a model,\" he says.\"Youngsters are crazy about some popular games and want the latest console models to play them,\" Abbas says. But others don't mind older versions.\"Those who can't afford to pay a huge amount for a new device will opt for an older version that is available at a cheaper rate,\" he says. \"That's why PlayStation 2 and 3 are still popular.\"If you don't want to spend so much money on a gaming console, there are a number of video game parlours with the latest models. A couple of days ago, when Sankar took his children to a shopping complex in the city, his children told him they wanted to play 'Rambo' at a game parlour. When the children entered the hall, they were stunned by the variety of games available.They began with car and bike racing and then moved to shooting. \"Even though I had to shell out 1,500 for the two of them for just 30 minutes, my children were happy,\" Sankar says. \"We shouldn't always look at video games as being bad for kids. They are learning new things and these things are necessary because people need to be tech-savvy today.\"There are about 200 video game parlours and 300 dealers of various video and computer games in the city. Competition is tough since companies introduce new models with advanced options every day.Vikas G, of Just For U Games, says the selection of games now depends on ratings of the Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB).\"ESRB ratings provide consumers, especially parents, impartial guidance about the age-appropriateness and content of computer and video games so they can decide which games their children can play,\" Vikas says. \"After checking the rate, they sometimes go online to verify whether the model is good or not.\"With children getting more and more involved in gaming, there has an increase in the number of video parlours in the city. Santhosh Kumar of Bambaram Toy Library, Velachery, sees this as a positive trend.\"Gaming is a powerful medium for interaction between children,\" he says. \"Fun and character-oriented games help children develop their personality. The more they play, the more than learn.\"Rate That Game!The Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB) is a non-profit, self-regulatory body established in 1994 by the Entertainment Software Association (ESA), formerly known as the Interactive Digital Software Association (IDSA). ESRB assigns computer and video game content ratings, enforces industry-adopted advertising guidelines and helps ensure responsible online privacy practices for the interactive entertainment software industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077263", "title": "Snatchers have a field day in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: As many as six chain snatching incidents have been reported from different places in the city since Monday. The snatchers targeted mostly women walking alone and stole a total of 36 sovereigns.In Avadi, Vasundra Devi, 37, of Bharathi Nagar was walking near her house on Tuesday afternoon when two motorbike-borne criminals snatched her five sovereign gold chain, police said.Hemalatha (40) of Pudupet was returning home from work on Monday evening when her six sovereign gold chain was snatched at Egmore. Jayachitra of Muthaiyya Mudali Street, Purasaiwalkam was walking near a bus stop at Poonamallee High Road when her nine sovereign chain was snatched by two motorbike-borne men.Similarly, Pushpavalli (65) of Arumbakkam, Padma of Jai Nagar, Koyembedu and Chandrika (42) of Kilpauk lost their chains to snatchers while walking on roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14074042", "title": "Residents cry for water, Delhi Jal Board in no hurry to respond", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ruma Roy has spent Rs 6,000 on purchasing water from private tankers in the past one month and a half. Her house in south Delhi's Gulmohar Park has been getting Delhi Jal Board supply only once a week, if she is \"lucky\". DJB has neither responded to calls for tankers nor explained why the problem persists.Roy is among thousands of Delhiites who have been facing water problems for an extended period of time for no ostensible reason. One day out of the blue the supply was disrupted and has not been restored since then. In Vasant Vihar's block F-8, there has been no water since the past two months. Repeated complaints to DJB have yielded a site visit or two by officials but no remedy has been found.\"If there is a problem at our end, we are willing to have it sorted out. However, whenever DJB staff does come, they say nothing except that the problem will be looked into. We have spent more than two months like this. Someone said we are at the tail-end of the supply line but some houses are getting water while others are not. There is obviously some other issue,\" said a resident of F-8 block.In Ashok Vihar, residents have been complaining of contaminated water supply since November 2011 but there has been no improvement in their water so far. PL Sharma, a resident of B-block says that people waste a huge amount of water each day by letting the contaminated water flow away.\"On one hand there is a shortage of water. On the other, while we are getting a proper supply at least once a day, we cannot use the water since it is so filthy. It's also become routine for the supply to not come at all sometimes. We have complained to DJB but nothing has been done,\" he says.The Jal Board has faced some problems in the past two weeks over its water supply but officials say that distribution is actually much better at present than it has ever been. Except, for various odd reasons, several of which can be attributed to an old system of pipes that sprout leaks and have been victim to illegal tapping, many parts of the city are facing a huge crisis.\"DJB probably needs to go back to its overhead tank system. The present system of underground reservoirs requires too much power and the pressure of water being supplied is just not sufficient in areas that are even slightly away. In our colony, supply comes once between 3.30am and 6.30am. Every third day the supply is disrupted,\" said Rajiv Kakria, a resident of GK-I.These are residents of authorized colonies. In several unauthorized areas and slums, water is supplied either exclusively through tankers or through borewells. In water samples picked up from 20 slums in southwest and west Delhi, high levels of e-coli contamination have been detected in most groundwater samples. Nahida, a middle-aged woman living in west Delhi's Darbhanga slum, says, \"This is the water that was supplied in the slum two days back through the DJB pipeline. We had to let the water sit for a while so that the sediments settled down and then boil the water before drinking it. We have a tubewell too but the water is so dirty that we use it only for washing,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14076769", "title": "University of Madras goes hi-tech to beat cheats", "text": "Beleaguered by charges of exam malpractices, University of Madras is planning to introduce an advanced security system to make mark cards tamper-proof. The system would use an invisible 13-digit code which can be read using a scanner. The new mark cards will be used from this academic year, university vicechancellor G Thiruvasagam said.The VC said the new system will minimise manual procedures. \"As long as we follow manual procedures, there will be possibilities of manipulation. The new system will prevent this and help curb circulation of fake certificates,\" he said.Thiruvasagam said the university has corrected the problem of 'double entry' of marks - first on the answer sheet and later on the mark card - by assigning the person evaluating the answer sheets to enter the marks on the cards too. The assigned marks are printed on the mark cards without another interface, the vice-chancellor explained.The invisible digital bar codes may include numbers, signs and symbols. The system was earlier proposed for colleges by the Tamil Nadu Higher Education Council. As part of the 'Future school' project, the Tamil Nadu school education department has started issuing tamper-proof mark cards with 2D barcodes.The university has been spurred into action following allegations of large-scale malpractices in the BE/ BTech exams and distance education exams held in May-June 2011. Nearly 450 students had taken the exams.Those privy to the investigation said there were several malpractices besides manual correction of marks. \"Several records of the exams were missing. Whiteners were used to correct marks. Fifty-one officers including the control of exams, section officers and personal assistants have been named in the report,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14074176", "title": "Voter cards in bulk found burning on Hyderabad roadside", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a curious incident, thousands of voter ID cards, some issued as recently as 2011, were found burning on the roadside while hundreds of other cards were found stuffed in at least six large sacks that were left suspiciously abandoned in Hasan Nagar, that falls under the Bahadurpura police station limits.While the authorities claimed that they were meant for disposal, many questions were being raised on whether the cards were authentic and who had tried disposing them in the middle of the road on a weekday evening. Given that it was polling day, there was initially suspicion if the cards were from any of the constituencies that went to polls on Tuesday but that doubt was unfounded as all the cards had Hyderabad addresses on them.The voter cards belong to residents of various constituencies such as L B Nagar, Sanathnagar, Marredpally, Asifnagar and Humayun Nagar. In fact, the identity card of enumerator Sri Lakhshmi was also found among others. Three sacks containing the voter ID cards were taken away by the Bahadurpura police while one remained in the custody of Shivrampally corporator Habib Zain Arif.The municipal corporation officials including the deputy municipal commissioner, Rajender Nagar division, Srinivas Goud declined to comment on the matter and police officials said they were clueless about who the culprits were. Later in the day, the police said the municipal department officials had informed them that the cards were old and that they were aware of them being disposed like this. M Ram Mohan Rao, ACP, South Zone said, \"The cards were issued in 1995 and 1996 and we have to check for new cards. We have registered a case under the Prevention of Destruction to Public Property Act. We are investigating the matter as we have obtained information from the concerned municipal department that the cards were meant for disposal to a scrap dealer. We are investigating the matter and there will be clarity on it soon.\"This comes as the second instance of voter ID cards being found under mysterious circumstances since late 2008 when thousands of voter ID cards were found in the Santoshnagar police station limits. Voter cards are one of the accepted documents issued by the government which act as proof of a citizen's identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073348", "title": "Baba Kharak Singh Marg parking lot opens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-awaited automated multilevel parking at Baba Kharak Singh Marg was finally inaugurated on Tuesday. With a capacity to accommodate 1,408 cars, this is the biggest automated car parking lot in Delhi. To encourage shoppers to use the state-of-the-art facility, NDMC is planning to a start shuttle service between the parking lot and CP.Inaugurating the facility, Union home minister P Chidambaram said, \"It's a matter of pride that this technology is developed completely by Indian engineers and technologists for the metropolitan environment. Sub-optimal use of land in Indian cities is no longer an option. This multilevel car parking is an example of optimal use.\"He admitted that there were some technical problems in NDMC's first automated multilevel parking at Sarojini Nagar, but said that the car retrieval time has been minimized and efforts are being made to further slash it to three minutes per car.Spread over an area of 3.65 lakh sq feet, the parking lot is an answer to Connaught Place's parking mess, feel NDMC officials. At the inauguration, chief minister Sheila Dikshit stressed on the need for a shuttle service to encourage people to use the facility. She asked the civic agency and DLF - the private concessionaire responsible for the construction and maintenance of the lot - to plan an \"eco-friendly\" shuttle service. \"It is important to have an eco-friendly bus service connecting the parking lot to Connaught Place and surrounding areas,\" she said.The 11-storey parking lot will have office space for 28 commercial units on the first two floors. \"Rest of the floors will have car parking facility. There are 12 parking bays and the retrieval time on an average will be three minutes,'' said Rajeev Talwar, group executive director, DLF. The civic agency is planning a similar project at three other sites. \"We have planned multilevel parking lots at Kasturba Gandhi Marg, Khan Market and Kali Bari near Birla Mandir. Work on Kasturba Gandhi Marg project will start soon. The Sarojini Nagar multilevel parking is running smoothly,'' said Archna Arora, chairperson, NDMC.The parking fee at the Baba Kharak Singh Marg lot is Rs 10 per hour. The parking will officially open to the public on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070256", "title": "Extend promotion quota to OBCs: Dalit body to government", "text": "NEW DELHI: A top dalit panel has asked the Centre to extend reservation in promotions to OBCs, adding a twist to the controversy over 'promotion quota' simmering since the Supreme Court quashed the Uttar Pradesh law last month.In a letter, the National Commission for SCs (NCSC) said, \"The Commission feels the benefit of reservation in promotion should also be extended to OBCs as per Article 15(4) and 16(4) of the Constitution.\"It said reservation had increased OBC representation in \"direct recruitments\", but their presence was abysmal in positions where direct recruitments were not held.The letter by NCSC chairman P L Punia, arguing that \"backward classes\" as mentioned in Article 16(4) comprises SCs/STs and OBCs could add a twist to 'promotion quota' for dalits which is already in a limbo since the adverse apex court order.In a case relating to UP , the SC ruled that the quota was not acceptable since the state did not provide data to prove 'adequate representation' and 'backwardness' of the beneficiary groups as laid down by the 'Nagaraj judgement'.The order led to an Opposition assault on Congress, with dalit leader Mayawati demanding that the Centre make a constitutional amendment to restore the quota. The row forced the Centre to commit to uphold the facility for SCs/STs and the Centre said an all-party meeting would discuss the issue.While the meeting has not happened, NCSC's demand for extension of facility to OBCs would test the Congress's stomach for quota rows. Such an initiative would run the risk of reaction from upper castes without necessarily bringing the support of OBCs that are aligned with regional parties across states. Instead, a stumble in a likely judicial challenge would backfire politically.The Centre is already on the back foot because of adverse rulings from the SC despite many constitutional amendments. Besides, the recent striking down of 4.5% minority sub-quota has put Congress in a quandary, with Muslim leaders accusing UPA of taking the initiative half-heartedly.The Centre is likely to be wary of the move. If NCSC's demand fires the imagination of OBCs, it may become troublesome for the Centre since it is unlikely to be opposed by any party for fear of reaction from backwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074125", "title": "Failing to replace faulty cellphone costs dear to firm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Failure to repair the defective mobile handset or refund of its price has been considered as deficiency in service and unfair trade practice on the part of a leading mobile company, by the district consumer disputes redressal forum here.According to the complaint, Anuj Karol, a resident of Sector 47, had bought a Sony Ericsson mobile from Indira Enterprises in Sector 22. He had filed a complaint against this shop and Sony Ericsson India. \"I had bought the handset for Rs 23,850 on February 13, 2011. Soon after its purchase, it started giving screen problems and getting switched-off during calls,\" said Karol.He added, \"Mobile was within the warranty period of one-year and I approached the shopkeeper for repair. Thereafter, I got it repaired at least three times but the problems persisted. The handset started giving more problems.Thereafter, I was assured that it would be replaced within 10 days but it was not done.\" Thereafter, the complainant served a legal notice, but to no avail.However, nobody, on behalf of opposition parties, appeared before the court. After hearing the arguments, the forum observed that from bare perusal of job cards, it's undoubtedly proved on record that the mobile handset in question was suffering from some defects. Thus, this amounts to deficiency in service and unfair trade practice.Forum has directed the opposition parties to refund a sum of Rs 23,850 to the complainant. Besides they have been directed to pay a sum of Rs 5,000 to the complainant as compensation for causing mental agony and harassment and a sum of Rs 7,000 as costs of litigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14075756", "title": "Sops fail to facilitate collection of impact fees from 15 lakh defaulters", "text": "The sop planned for 15 lakh defaulters who have not paid impact fee has turned out to be a flop. On June 1, the state government slashed impact fee rates and even simplified procedures to make things relatively easy for citizens. But then town planning officials in major cities have pointed out several problems in persuading citizens to voluntarily come forward to pay the fee. As of now, few people are trickling into zonal offices only to enquire about the complex procedure.The numbers will tell all. In Vadodara, just 125 applications were received. In Ahmedabad, 178 applicants approached the municipal corporation; while in Surat, just 150 applications were made.\"An awareness drive is a must to clear the air,\" says a senior urban development official. \"Several members of a society do not agree to pay. Some people in apartments claim their structure is legal or blame the builders. Then there are issues regarding certifying illegal structures to be safe before making an application for impact fee.\"Officials said that individual members can approach the municipal corporation or the local civic body for regularizing. Earlier, an applicant was required to get an NOC from the chairman of the society. Now this clause has been deleted. \"Still, not many people are aware of this change,\" the official said. \"We have been regularly getting complaints about chairpersons of societies not giving NOCs.\"In many Gujarat cities another major problem is identifying parking space within a 500 square metre radius of an illegal building that is devoid of any parking space. The rules clearly state t h a t buildings where mandatory parking space of 200 sq metre has not been provided can be regularized by paying existing jantri rate as impact fee, without having to make provisions for parking.\"Here individual municipal corporations can identify plots in the vicinity for which residents can pay for the development of multi-level parking,\" says a senior official of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC).Another major difficulty in cities like Vadodara is that private architects have now started maintaining a defensive stance by refusing to certify the safety of a building which has illegal extensions or floors.Times ViewAlarge segment of urban Gujaratis live in illegal homes. Given the rapid speed at which Gujarat is urbanizing, it is incumbent upon both the government and the people to find a practical solution to this malaise. While the government understands the problems that people face in legalizing their homes, people too should come forward and pay up the fee.Revised impact fee ratesBefore35% of existing jantri rate on ground-floor residential structure, 60% for commercial.20% of jantri rate for basement encroachment for residential, 40% for commercial.100% of jantri rate for common plot encroachment.NowFor illegal construction Up to 25 metres 12,500 flat.Between 26 and 50 metres 12,500 + 500 per sq mt of encroached area.Between 51 and 100 metres 25,000 + 1,000 per sq mt of encroached area Easy Clearance.The state government has done away with eight types of no-objection certificates (NOC) that had to be submitted with impact fee forms. Earlier, reports from a structural engineer as well as from departments like roads and building, petroleum, natural gas, power, airport, railways, and coastal regulatory bodies apart from an NOC from the society were mandatory. Now, no such clearances are needed for regularizing illegal constructions.(With inputs from Himanshu Kaushik, Himanshu Bhatt)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14076889", "title": "Lignite shortage at Neyveli Lignite Corporaltion hits power production", "text": "CHENNAI: For a week now, the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) has been borrowing an additional 300MW from the central grid to meet a shortfall in its share of power from the Neyveli Lignite Corporaltion (NLC). Decline in lignite mining at the NLC has severely dented the power generation at the plant, said sources.Out of the total installed capacity of 2,490MW at two thermal stations at the NLC, the TNEB has a combined share of 1,175 MW per day and the rest is shared by Karnataka, Kerala, Puducherry, Andhra Pradesh , Orissa and Goa. The plant, even during normality, will not be able to generate more than 85% of its capacity owing to issues like maintenance. Shortage of fuel is pulling generation further down, said highly placed sources in the NLC. As a result, TNEB's share from the NLC has dwindled to 900 MW.At present, the TNEB receives 2,825MW per day from the Central grid, which includes its share from the Madras Atomic Power Station , (330MW), Kalpakkam Atomic Power Station, (196MW) and Talcher (501MW) units. \"We compensate for the shortfall from other units in the Central grid. Since the difference is only 300MW, it has not made any big impact on the power situation in the state. Tamil Nadu is reeling under a 4,000MW shortage at present,\" said a TNEB source.Of the total installed capacity of around 16,000MW in the state, the TNEB gets a supply of only 8,000MW from all sources like thermal, wind and hydro. With the demand pegged at 12,000MW, the shortage is still a matter of concern and the state continues to reel from power outages.Sources attributed the decline in power generation at the NLC to poor performance of the NLC workers, especially those engaged in mining lignite. Though the 13,000 contract workers at NLC have returned to work after 40 days of strike demanding pay parity with permanent staff, their output is below normal, said an official.On an average, NLC requires 40,000 tonnes of lignite for power generation. Since lignite is easily combustible, it cannot be stored in huge quantity like other fuel forms. NLC officials said the situation could improve in a couple of days as efforts were being taken to beef up lignite mining.Meanwhile, wind farms have been generating between 2,000MW and 2,500MW daily for the past two weeks. It even crossed 3,000MW recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071890", "title": "Institutional reforms can\u2019t tackle corruption: Salman Khurshid", "text": "KOCHI: Union minister of law and justice Salman Khurshid has said institutional reforms alone won't address the rising menace of corruption in the country.Corruption can be eliminated if it is tackled at its roots, which can be traced to the widespread trend of greed gaining upper hand over need among individuals and societies, the minister said while delivering the inaugural address at the induction programme of new students at the Rajagiri Centre for Business Studies, here on Tuesday.A sustainable balance between greed and need can be worked out by going back to the basic ethos of Indian philosophy and the thoughts of Mahatma Gandhi . The younger generation should be inspired to participate in efforts to find solutions for various social ills, Khurshid said.People who are sensitive to the pain, agonies, dreams and aspirations of other human beings in the society must join politics and usher in a qualitative leap in politics.Khurshid also said that India would be able to tide over the marginal setbacks it had suffered in economic growth in recent weeks. It is important to achieve high economic growth without destroying natural resources indiscriminately.During the programme, bureaucrat-turned politician Alphons Kannanthanam said that conforming to the rules might not always be desirable and breaking them might sometimes yield refreshing results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071268", "title": "Weather-based insurance scheme for fruit crops", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing the insurance policy for fruit crops due to losses incurred by farmers in adverse weather conditions since last year, the state government has announced details of the policy for the coming season for fruits like grapes, banana, orange, sweet lime, pomegranate, mango and cashew nuts.There are specific details listed for Vidarbha by the government for orange crop. For the Mrig bahar insurance would be allowed for crop in case of inadequate rains from June 15 to July 15. Losses caused due to strong and heavy winds from January 1 to March 31, 2013, would be covered under insurance.If the loss is due to inadequate rainfall (less than 125mm) from June 15 to July 15 this year farmers would get 100% compensation of Rs 30,000 per hectare. While this amount will be reduced to 75% or Rs 22,500 if the rainfall is between 125 to 150mm. In case the crop loss occurs due to winds with high speed (40km per hour) from January 1 to March 29, 2013, then farmers would get compensation of Rs 30,000 per hectare.For farmers who have taken loans, the insurance scheme is compulsory but for others it is voluntary. The premium or installment for the farmers with loans will be deducted directly from the loan amount. Farmers without loans have to apply for loan with the bank before June. The insurance installment for Mrig bahar orange crop has been fixed at Rs 6,900. Of this, farmer has to pay Rs 3,450 and remaining 50% amount will be contributed by the state and central government with each sharing 25%.To take benefit of the scheme, farmers should contact bank officials, district agriculture or taluka agriculture officer immediately. Government has continued the scheme due to overwhelming response from farmers last year. In Vidarbha, the scheme is applicable to 52 talukas in Akola, Amravati, Buldhana, Yavatmal, Wardha, Washim and Nagpur districts where orange is grown. Scheme also covers sweet lime and guava.For Akola and Buldhana districts, farmers have to insure their Mrig bahar crop with HDFC Agro and for other districts, government has chosen Agriculture Insurance Company of India Limited. Government and banks will consider the weather conditions as recorded by the centres set up by revenue department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071961", "title": "CM asks officials to make Kumbh a grand success", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has directed officials to take every possible measure to make Kumbh Mela, beginning in Allahabad from January 14, 2013, a great success. He said that the pilgrims visiting the mela should not face any problem. Laying stress on maintaining cleanliness and law and order, he said any laxity on this count would not be tolerated.Reviewing preparations being made for Kumbh Mela at a meeting held here on Tuesday, the chief minister asked the officials to ensure that there should be no shortage of water in the rivers for bathing by pilgrims at the Sangam. He said that all those industrial units, which pose threat of water pollution should be closed during mela.Minister for urban development, Mohd Azam Khan , who was also present in the meeting said that the pace of beautification of crossroads of Allahabad should be accelerated and the ongoing construction of Alopibagh flyover should be completed at all cost by November. He also asked the officials to make foolproof arrangements for avoiding traffic jams on roads in view of the large number of people visiting the mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14086709", "title": "Robbery case solved, two arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch has solved the recent robbery in Borivli with the arrest of two dreaded robbers who had barged into a jeweller's shop in May and had robbed gold ornaments worth Rs 3 Lakhs.Acting on the tip off the crime branch unit 12 led by inspector Milind Khetle has arrested two accused identified as Rohit Mohan Shetty (26) and evraj Dhansingh Thakur (28). Police have recovered two stolen motorcycle from the two accused and half of the stolen booty from the accused.On May 24, the duo had barged into a jewellery shop at Savarpada in Borivli. On gun point they assualted the jeweller and fled away with oranments worth Rs 3 lakh. After the investigations police found that the two had come close during their stint at Arrthur road jail. While Shetty was arrested by Dahisar police in a house-breaking case, Thakur was arrested by MHB colony police in motorcycle stealing case and both were recently released on bail. Further, police said that both of them have previous cases in Dahisar, Malad and Chembur police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071452", "title": "Andhra bypolls: 80% vote in Jaganmohan litmus test", "text": "HYDERABAD: An estimated 80% of the 46 lakh voters across 18 assembly constituencies cast their franchise on Tuesday in a poll that is being watched nation-wide. Barring sporadic incidents of stone-pelting and group clashes reported from Railway Kodur, Parkal, Macherla and Payakaraopeta seats, the polls which saw an unprecedented display of money power ended peacefully. Angry voters damaged a police jeep in Durgampeta village in Parkal constituency after the cops beat them up.While it remains to be seen whether the results would change the political dynamics in Andhra Pradesh , YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's camp-followers asserted that the huge turnout was an indication of an anti-establishment vote. The ruling Congress and the main opposition TDP, however, are keeping their fingers crossed. Results will start rolling out around 10 am on June 15. Narsapuram in East Godavari district recorded an impressive 88.77% polling, Payakaraopeta (Visakhapatnam) returned with a handsome 82% and Parkal, the only constituency in Telangana that went to the polls, was not far behind with 83.52% polling. However, urban voter apathy was stark in Tirupati constituency where only 55% of the electorate came out to exercise their franchise. Anantapur too recorded a modest 66% voting. Analysts averred that the heat subsiding sharply drew larger crowd to polling booths. Jagan adherents however asserted that the large voter turnout was an indication of an anti-establishment vote and in favour of YSR Congress.In Nellore Lok Sabha where two big shots - YSR CP's Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy and T Subbarami Reddy of Congress - are locked in a close contest, 69.78% polling was recorded. Touted as semi-finals for the 2014 assembly elections, analysts said the bypoll results would test Jagan's ability to convert his late father's political legacy in the state to votes and seats. It is also crucial for the future prospects of the ruling Congress which has a thin majority in the assembly.Nearly 50% of the votes were polled by 1 pm in a majority of the segments after the polling began at 8 am. Elated over the big voter turnout, Bharati, Sharmila and her husband Anil Kumar rushed to Chanchalguda jail to call on Jagan. They were closeted with him for nearly one hour.Women turned out in large numbers in all the segments. Many analysts perceive that this could work out positively for the YSR CP what with Vijayamma and Sharmila leading the party campaign after Jagan was arrested. Sources said the mother-daughter duo's exertions helped bring the women voters to the polling booths. \"Also, Vijayamma's rhetoric on how her suitcases were searched by the cops during the campaign struck a sensitive chord with the women,\" an analyst pointed out.In Railway Kodur which is in Jagan's home district of Kadapa, private cab driver Chandra Sekhar lent his voice to the popular sentiment prevailing in the region. \"If the hand tries to stop a whirring fan, then it will get cut,\" Chandra said. For those who came late, hand is the Congress party's election symbol, while the fan is the symbol of the YSR Congress Party. Though the voting ended at 5 pm, some of the voters who were in the queue were allowed to exercise their franchise till 7.30 pm.The TDP, which is banking on 3-4 seats in the coastal region, demanded repolling in Prathipadu mandal alleging rigging by the YSR CP leaders. The election officials, however, turned down the demand. A case has been registered against Congress candidate K Vijayaramireddy of Udayagiri for violating the poll code following a directive from the Election Commission. YSR CP's Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy entered into a wordy duel with the polling officials demanding action against wife of Subbarami Reddy for seeking votes at a polling booth at Duttalur village, while Congress and YSR CP workers clashed at Lalupuram village in Prathipadu segment in the last hour of the voting, forcing the police to lathicharge the warring groups.In KC Agraharam in Railway Kodur segment, YSR CP and Congress agents clashed and pelted stones against each other. Cops dispersed them by resorting to a lathicharge. Police resorted to lathicharge at Marasapenta village in Veldurthy mandal when angry tribals protested over missing names from voters' lists. Tension prevailed in Ongole when some TDP workers made a vain bid to attack YSR CP nominee Balineni Srinivasa Reddy late in the evening. Police reached the spot and brought the situation under control.Meanwhile, exit polls by different television channels predicted a near sweep by the YSR CP, saying it could win 14 to 16 seats. However, Congress MP from Vijayawada Lagadapati Rajagopal said that the Congress prospects have improved but he hastened to add that YSR CP would bag 12-16 seats. PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana said the party's chances have brightened after the bypolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14076770", "title": "Bank robbers earn less than honest workers", "text": "LONDON: Crime doesn't pay! Quite literally, as bank robbers 'earn' less money than an average honest worker, an unprecedented study of their illegal trade has claimed.The analysis of the ill-gotten gains of bank robberies in the UK was carried out by a team of leading researchers from the Universities of Sussex and Surrey, who discovered that what the average raider escapes with is a modest \u00a312,706, a little less than six month's average salary.And unlike TV portrayals of bad guys escaping with suitcases stuffed with cash, robbers flee from one in three banks empty-handed .Meanwhile, the risks remain high, with police employing an array of high-tech technology to catch their quarry and judges handing down long jail terms, the Daily Mail reported. In fact, if a 'struggling' robber carries out a series of raids to boost his income, statistics show he will be caught after four raids and imprisoned.The researchers also examined how well security measures, from alarms to staff numbers, worked as a deterrent . Of these, fast-rising security screens, which shoot up from the counter to blockoff staff, are the most effective . Professor Neil Rickman said the study highlights how bank robberies are a \"poorly paid career path\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074340", "title": "Govt colleges set to accept forms online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Breaking away from the conventional common prospectus system this year, a provision of online submission of forms will be available for applicants this year for the first time in government colleges. Students don't need to stand in long queues either to buy prospectuses or submit their admission forms.Following uncertainty over the date of release of a common prospectus for all government colleges in the city, the Post-graduate Government College for Girls (PGGCG), Sector 42 on Tuesday announced its independent online submission process. For MSc, BSc and post-graduate diploma in computer applications' courses, students can not just procure a form from the college website, but can also submit it online. This online admission process will be on from June 18 to 30. Till last year, there was only a provision for accessing the prospectus online. \"We have announced admissions for certain courses to begin with. Since it is for the first time that such an initiative is being taken, hence we are doing it in a phased manner, \" says Mani Bedi, principal of PGGCG, Sector 42.Applicants aspiring to enroll for any course including BA/BCA/BSc/BBA (first year) or other programmes in any of the government colleges can expect sale of forms at all the colleges from June 18 onwards. Government college principals said that efforts were being made to make prospectus available from June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14092773", "title": "Hrithik Roshan gains in popularity", "text": "He may have landed only the No. 3 slot but this is the second time Hrithik Roshan has scored over superstar Aamir Khan.These were the results of an online poll in May, by Ormax Media titled the Stars India Loves. According to the results, the top 10 male stars in the Hindi film industry are: Salman Khan , Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan , Aamir Khan, Akshay Kumar , Ranbir Kapoor , Shahid Kapoor , Amitabh Bachchan , Ajay Devgn and John Abraham. This is the second time that Roshan , after the super success of Agneepath, has ranked above Aamir Khan in an online poll.The actor's popularity zoomed up the charts after he hosted the television show Just Dance, where the dance hero touched millions of hearts with his sensitivity and honesty. Roshan 's show had notched up a cumulative of TRP 4.7 while Aamir Khan's Sataymev Jayate's opening episode hit a cumulative TRP of 4.0.The success of ZNMD and Agneepath has definitely consolidated Roshan 's position at the box office and made him a bankable superstar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14077625", "title": "Killed men were Maoists: CRPF DIG", "text": "GAYA: Refuting the allegation that Kailu Manjhi and Phoolchand Manjhi, the two men killed during the anti-Naxal operation in Chakarbandha forest in Dumaria police station area were ordinary villagers who had gone out for cattle grazing on Sunday morning, CRPF DIG Umesh Kumar said the killed men used to be frequently seen in the company of Sandeep, a well known Naxal leader, said to be the mastermind behind the land mine explosions and subsequent gun battle between the police forces and the Red rebels.Asked whether the two Manjhis were wanted by the police in connection with any of the violent activities of the Red rebels, the CRPF DIG said cases need not necessarily be instituted against all the Naxals, quite a few of whom manage to escape the police radar. Police forces engaged in the anti-Naxal operation have been given clear instructions not to harass innocent villagers, added the DIG.Naxal-watchers take the police claim with a pinch of salt as the Sunday operation was conducted by trained PLGA members well versed in guerrilla warfare tactics and the fighting force in such operations generally does not comprise locals. Lack of previous police record against the 'killed men' supports the apprehension.Moreover, the killed men were casually dressed and neither any weapon nor any other incrementing document was recovered from their possesion. Naxals, on their part have been maintaining that they did not suffer any loss during the gun battle and the slain men were ordinary villagers.The Maoists, on Tuesday threw another challenge to the police by organising a 'jan adalat' near the Pile Tand village under the Barachatti PS on Tuesday. Reports reaching the divisional headquarters say the 'jan adalat' was organised to put two villagers on instant trial as the Maoists suspected the villagers of being police informers. The villagers were earlier abducted by the ultras.Sherghati SDPO Mahindra Prasad Basantari said as per his information no 'jan adalat' was held. About the abductions made by the Maoists, the SDPO said no formal complaint has been lodged with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073683", "title": "Palande saga: Mumbai Cops turn to forensic dentists", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch is likely to take the help of forensic odontologists (forensic dentists) to find out who the skull recovered from Kumbharli ghat might belong to. The skull was recovered from a spot pointed out to the cops by alleged serial killer Vijay Palande. Initially, the skull was believed to be that of aspiring producer Karan Kakkar, but the DNA reports have concluded otherwise.Investigators believe the skull might belong to another of Palande's victims. Considering that the skull is very small, cops are not ruling out the possibility of it belonging to a child or woman.Forensic dentistry (odontology) involves the identification of unknown human remains and bite marks using physical and dental evidence.\"Forensic odontologists or forensic dentists are typically called in to identify human remains that cannot be identified using fingerprints or other means,\" said JCP (crime) Himanshu Roy.The police will approach the court for permission to re-arrest Palande and his aide Dhananjay Shinde, both of whom are currentlylodged in Arthur Road jail. On Sunday police registered a fresh case of murder against Palande and Shinde after the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) submitted a report that while the torso found from the valley belongs to Delhi based consultant Karankumar Kakkar, the skull is of somebody else.Palande and his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde allegedly killed Kakkar, an aspiring film producer, in his apartment at Oberoi Springs near Link Road Andheri (W) on March 5. They then chopped the body into pieces and dumped them in the Kumbharli ghat section near Ratnagiri. Kakkar's BMW car was used to transport the body, police had claimed.In the last week of April, police had recovered most of Kakkar's body parts, except his legs, from the ghat at Palande's instance.Palande, who was convicted in a double murder in 1998 but fled while on parole, is also accused of murdering New Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku in his Oshiwara apartment on April 7 this year. When a society resident spotted the victim gasping for help, the accused-Palande and his two associates-fled, leaving Tikku's body behind.The police managed to arrest them along with Palande in the case on April 10. During interrogation, the accused confessed to their involvement in the murder of Kakkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14071218", "title": "Hooda pledges stern against Rohtal shelter home culprits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Tuesday said none of the culprits, involved in the sexual abuse and torture of inmates at a shelter home in Rohtak, would be spared.\"State government has constituted special investigation team (SIT) for probe into the incident. No one involved in it will be spared,\" Hooda said here after meeting home minister P Chidambaram.He was responding to questions on the action taken against those involved in the sexual abuse and torture of inmates in Rohtak's 'Apna Ghar' shelter home. \"The law will take its own course,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14076886", "title": "Contemporary dances enthrall Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The capital city was in for a visual treat on Monday evening with 'Samakala', a festival of contemporary Indian dance starting at Rabindra Mandap here. The festival aims to showcase creativity in Indian dance and encourage artistic talent. Six troupes will perform during the three-day festival organized by the Odisha Sangeet Natak Akademi.The first evening was made memorable by some innovative choreographies translating into brilliant dance recitals. The opening performance was that of Bhoomika Creative Dance Centre of Bharat Sharma and his troupe from New Delhi. They presented 'Hansha Balaka' skillfully displaying the different gaits and movements of Swain and street dance depicting nationalist element through the colourful display of the national flag with Ashoka Chakra. These had been choreographed by Narendra Sharma.They also performed stories from 'Jatakamala' tales of Buddhist expound on wisdom and vagaries of life through a series of narratives. These tales emanated from ecology, human relationships, wisdom stories and historical records. Choreographed by Bharat Sharma, this episode depicts images of animal world, power, conflicts, enviornment, relationship, dreams and abstract concepts using props, colour scheme and different designs through gestures and movements.\"The presentation of a story through dance and expression of artistes is mind blowing. It showed how artistes can use traditional and folk forms to develop their movement vocabulary and create contemporary pieces,\" said P K Mohapatra, a dance lover.The second presentation was by Dr Ananda Shankar Jayant from Hyderabad. She depicted popular stories from Panchatantra with myriad expressions, effortlessly bridging traditional structures with contemporary inputs. Her group performance on Panchatantra sent a message of friendship, bravery, leadership and freedom through parable and allegory of popular tales showcasing the stories of animals. Laced with humour and satire and elegantly blending the traditional with contemporary, Jayant took the audience to a different world of kaleiodoscopic designs of colour rhythm and imagery.The other dance troupes that will perform during the festival are Madhu Natraj from Bangalore, Mamta Shankar from Kolkata, Tanushre Shankar from Kolkata and Dr Mitul Sengupta and Ronki Shambik Ghose from Kolkata.\"While we have been holding several performances of Odissi and other classical dance, it is for the first time that the Odisha Sangeet Natak Akademi has organized such an unusual and interesting festival. This will provide a platform to innovative dance styles of contemporary dancers,\" said vice-president of the Akademi and Odissi danseuse Aruna Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075860", "title": "Panic in godman\u2019s abode", "text": "BANGALORE: Panicky over the state government's order to search and seal Nityananda Dhyanapeetham near Bidadi, inmates of the ashram have started moving out of the premises since Monday afternoon. The ashram houses 200 permanent inmates, including foreigners and about 70 kids, and 20 heads of cattle.Ananda Mokshapriyan, a volunteer in the ashram, posted on his personal blog a vehement denial of all allegations against Nityananda. Posting his version of the June 8 disturbances during the godman's press conference in the ashram, Ananda said the ashram was yet to receive the government order about the facility being sealed. He argued that the government doesn't have the right to take over private property.Ananda claimed that the developments have not scared the inmates of the ashram. Another volunteer speaking on the condition of anonymity said that if the ashram were to be seized by the government, the disciples would be happy if they were provided alternative accommodation.Arguing that the government can't confiscate the ashram, he said that 23 acres of the ashram land had been donated by a disciple and the property was in the name of the godman.He clarified that \"the fee collected from disciples for various upcoming training and spiritual programmes and workshops to be held in the ashram premises this year will be refunded. During the last controversy also (when alleged sleaze footage of the godman was aired on TV) money was refunded after the cancellation of programmes,\" he added.Ashram authorities are confident that Nityananda will emerge clean. \"We are worried about the safety of disciples, who will be shifted from Bidadi to other ashrams since there is a threat from anti-social elements. We request the government to provide security for our ashramites,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073439", "title": "Cluster course details out", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University has announced the admission schedule for its niche course in BTech/ BS in innovation with mathematics and information technology for the 2012-13 academic session. This was the first course to be introduced by Cluster Innovation Centre (CIC) from the 2011-12 academic session.Students with an aggregate of 60% in four subjects, including mathematics, are eligible for the course. For OBC category students, an aggregate of only 54% is needed. For physically handicapped students, the minimum percentage is 55%, whereas for SC/ ST candidates only passing marks are needed.Only those students who have secured admission in a regular undergraduate course in a DU college before July 13, 2012, are eligible. You can download the forms from June 26 from DU and CIC websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14080483", "title": "Chandigarh police to add more horse power to its force", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police is all set to get extra horse-power as more number of cops will be seen riding horses, while doing patrolling all across the city. So far horse patrolling was limited to only few areas but now it would be extended in a big way.Police have planned to increase the number of horses by 200 per cent. Currently there are only 15 horses and police have planned to purchase 40 more thoroughbred horses, which is one of the best breed. Seventeen of them have already been bought from Muktsar and Faridkot districts, of Punjab.\"Idea is to increase the frequency of horse patrolling in the city. Cops will ride them, at slow pace, all through the city and it will help them to keep a better vigil on anti-social elements. There are certain areas where police gypsies or bikes cannot pass through but horses can easily go there\" Suman Kumar, deputy superintendent of Chandigarh police (training), told TOI.\"Besides, horses will be trained so that they can be effectively used during anti-riots operations and while controlling any agitating mob,\" stated Kumar.Each horse has cost up to Rs 2 lakh and a special diet plan has been made for them. Police will also set-up a world-class riding arena in its training grounds to train its jawans in the equestrian sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14074217", "title": "Baby girl dies in wall collapse", "text": "HYDERABAD: A two-month-old baby girl died and three of members of the family suffered injuries when the wall of an underconstruction building collapsed on their house at Bholakpur on Tuesday. The victim was identified as Asfia Mehreen of Bholakpur. She was the daughter of Shakeel, a daily-wage worker, and Nasreen Banu. Shakeel's neighbours are constructing a new portion on the second floor of their building. At about 10 am, the wall of the under construction structure suddenly gave way and collapsed on the asbestos roof of Shakeel's house. Nasreen and her three children were at home when the roof came crashing on them and all of them sustained injuries.All the injured were rushed to a nearby hospital, where Asfia succumbed to injuries while undergoing treatment, Musheerabad SI M Ram Laxman Raju said. Nasreen and her two sons, Rehan and Ayan, were out of danger, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14084818", "title": "Mehdi Hassan admitted to hospital again", "text": "Only last month, legendary Pakistani singer Mehdi Hassan, was discharged from hospital. However, just a day later, he was admitted back due to health problems. This time round though, he hasn't been put on ventilator.Mehdi Hassan's son Arif confirmed the news and added, \"My father has been ill for the last 12 years but this year, his condition has deteriorated significantly and in the last one month, he was released from hospital for just one day before being admitted again.\" Aga Khan Hospital for the last one week.Hassan, who has a huge fan following all over the world, is suffering from lung, chest and urinary tract ailments for the past many years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071293", "title": "Stray incidents of violence during polls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stray incidents of violence were reported from various assembly segments during the bypolls on Tuesday. Police resorted to lathicharge on a group of voters at Durgampet village in Atmakur mandal in Parkal. The voters revolted and attacked a police jeep. In the lathicharge N Prameela, 60, suffered a head injury and Poshetti Narsaiah suffered a serious injury. Both were rushed to MGM hospital in Warangal.The enraged villagers pelted stones at a police jeep and broke its windshield. They staged a rasta roko on national highway 202 demanding action against the erring constables. Urban SP Shyamsunder rushed to the spot and convinced the villagers.Police lathicharged TDP and Congress activists at Mondrai village in Sangem mandal in Parkal segment when they refused to accede to police request to not loiter within the 100 metre radius of the polling station. In another incident at Puligilla village of Parkal mandal, police caned voters. Dharmendra , a farmer hailing from Potharajupally village in Geesukonda mandal, sat at a polling station in support of YSR CP candidate Konda Surekha and created nuisance in the morning.At least three people were injured in a clash at G Kondareddi village of Varikuntapadu mandal of Nellore LS. The injured were rushed to hospital by the police and they dispersed the mob by caning them. TDP activists attacked some SC voters at Adigoppula village of Macherla segment after learning that they voted for their rival candidate. Adigoppula is a stronghold of TDP.The polling was stopped at an election booth at Kandukur town following a clash between Congress and YSR CP workers. Police resorted to lathicharge and later resumed polling. In Rayachoti constituency, local TDP leader Shashi Nayak's house was attacked which lead to some tension in the area. In Railwaykodur clashes were reported between YSR Congress and Congress workers. In Jangitavaripalli mandal of Railwaykodur police had to resort lathicharge to disburse warring activists. War of words between YSR Congress and Congress resulted in stone pelting in KC Agraharam in which three people sustained minor injuries and polling was stalled for two hours. In Obanapalli mandal of the same constituency, TDP and Congress activists clashed with each other.Police kept MLC B Chengalrayulu at Kodur and Congress leader from Lakkireddypalli, Ramesh Reddy, under house arrest. At Govindadine in Allagadda segment in Kurnool, YSR CP leader Bhuma Nagireddy and Congress candidate Gangula Pratap Reddy's brother, Sudershan Reddy, were kept under house arrest after they entered into a verbal duel. A cop was suspended in Moradi in Rayadurgam in Anantapur district after a Congress leader's complainted against him. Six were injured in a clash between Congress and YSR CP activists, in G Kollareddypalli village in Nellore. In Massaiahpet in Payakaraopet constituency, voters whose names were missing in the electoral rolls staged dharna on the road with TDP candidate CH Venkat Rao leading them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14070090", "title": "Test-tube babies beat sex ratio in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Girls are beating the boys, at least in in-vitro fertilization (IVF) centres of the city. Gujarat may have ranked low on the sex ratio scale in the 2011 census, but the trend is quite the reve rse for test-tube babies. The 12 IVF centres in the city have shown a heartening trend - a total of 291 girls were born against 241 boys in the last one year.District health officer of Ahmedabad, Dr Neelam Patel, who collated this data, said, \"The data shows that the birth ratio is 54:46 in favour of girls. We had conducted this survey to ascertain the sex ratio in these clinics. The trend we got from IVF clinics is a pleasant surprise and quite encouraging.\"Dr Falguni Bavishi, who runs an IVF centre in Paldi, said: \"Our clinic delivered 55.6% girls and 44.4% are boys. There is no method to choose between a boy or a girl, it depends on pure chance.\" Dr Manish Banker, who runs an IVF clinic at Navrangpura, said: \"From January this year, we have carried out 56 IVF deliveries, which include several cases of twins. Of these, 46 are girls and 31 boys.\"The trend seems to be same elsewhere in Gujarat. Dr Naina Patel, who runs an IVF clinic and surrogacy centre in Anand, often dubbed as the surrogacy capital of India, said: \"In 2011, we got 120 girls and as many boys. Close to 40% of these were IVF deliveries.We do get patients from north India who make specific request for boys but we have no role to play in this matter. Couples from other regions do not have any reservations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14078487", "title": "Panchayat president's powers clipped", "text": "MADURAI: The Virudhunagar district collector M Balaji has cancelled the cheque signing powers of the panchayat president and vice president of Kottakatchiyendal panchayat in the district, following cases being filed against them for financial irregularities.On Sunday, the Block Development Officer of Narikudi, P S Shanthi, filed a complaint against Karuppan, the vice president of the panchayat M Uma Maheswari, the panchayat secretary Ravindran and another worker Tiruvettai on charges of misappropriating panchayat funds to the tune of Rs 1.16 lakh in the Narikudi police station. The police filed a case against the four persons and said they were alleged to have misappropriated funds of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGs) by creating false records.Another case was also filed against Uma Maheswari, her husband Marikannu and panchayat secretary Ravindran for receiving bribes from the beneficiaries of the MGNREGs. Ravindran has also been stripped of his job and is to be replaced soon, according to sources.Last week, Karuppan had alleged that he had not been allowed to sit on the chair meant for the president even once since his 2011 appointment to the post in the reserved constituency for dalits. However, on Monday he went back on his statement of caste based discrimination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14087390", "title": "Nayantara in Mani Ratnam\u2019s Kadal?", "text": "The fresh buzz to hit the marquee is that director Mani Ratnam has offered a role to Nayanathara for his upcoming flick \"Kadal\". Sources close to the production house indicate that the ace director approached the sexy damsel for a special role in the film and Nayan has immediately agreed for it. It was also reported that Nayanathara accepted the role without looking at the script since Mani Ratnam is directing it.After some shocking developments like Samantha walking out from the project and the makers planning to rope in Karthika's sister Tulsi for the role, the news about Nayanthara has surely raised interest about the project. However, the official confirmation from the actress is awaited. Debutant Gautham, son of actor Karthik, in playing the lead role in this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14085647", "title": "Supreme Court rejects Centre's plea for 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback for the Union government, the Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to stay Andhra Pradesh high court order quashing 4.5 per cent sub-quota for minorities in central educational institutions, including in IITs this year.The SC said the government's decision to implement 4.5% sub quota from January this year did not prima facie appear to be supported by constitutional provisions.\"We are not inclined to grant stay,\" a bench comprising justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar said while issuing notices to the petitioner on whose PIL the high court had quashed the 4.5 percent sub-quota for minorities.It further said that the December 22, 2011 office memorandum on the issue of sub-quota did not have the legislative support.The apex court said, unlike the 27% reservation to OBCs in central educational institutions, the carving of 4.5% sub-quota is not supported by even a law.The SC said it appears that the carving out of 4.5% sub-quota was purely based on religious considerations.With today's apex court decision, the OBC students will get an additional 443 seats in IITs, which were kept aside for Muslims under 4.5% sub-quota.Wednesday is the last of counselling for IIT admissions and the government ended up disappointed being not able to push through the sub-quota in IITs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14072063", "title": "Quepem parishioners say no to new church", "text": "MARGAO: The proposed construction of a new church in Quepem, adjacent to the existing one, has caused concern among some parishioners. The parishioners are of the view that either the new church be constructed on the land where the current church stands or structural modification/extension be carried out to the existing church to meet the requirements of a more spacious premises.Aggrieved over being kept in the dark over the plan of constructing a new church, the parishioners marched to the Bishop's Palace, Altinho, Panaji, on Monday to voice their objections. Though they were unable to get an audience with the archbishop, Filipe Neri Ferrao, the parishioners placed their objections before the secretary of the archbishop, Fr Joaquim Loyola Periera and secretariat of fabrica/confrarias Fr Manuel Gomes.The parishioners were assured that the parish priest, Fr Mario Vaz, would be asked to take them into confidence before identifying a place for the construction of the new church.Speaking to TOI, writer and parishioner of the Quepem church Walter Menezes said that the parishioners were unanimous in their view that there should not be two churches in Quepem.\"In a meeting of the parishioners with the bishop held on January 25, 2011, it was agreed that a committee be formed consisting of parishioners, church authorities and experts to conduct a 'de novo' (fresh) exercise of going into the merits and demerits of the construction of the new church. However, though the names of some four parishioners were also specified, for reasons best known to the church authorities and the parish priest, the committee has not been constituted till date,\" Menezes said.Former chairperson of the Quepem Municipal Council (QMC) Raul Pereira said, \"We need a new church, but in the very place where the one now stands. The requirement of accommodating a larger gathering in the premises can be served by carrying out structural modification and extension of the existing church, while the adjacent land can be developed for parking space,\" Pereira said. Vaz, when contacted, declined to comments on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14072009", "title": "'Parrikar will inaugurate Shri Ram Sena Goa unit'", "text": "PONDA: Karnataka-based Shri Ram Sena chief Pramod Mutalik on Tuesday asserted that he would go ahead with his plan of opening up branches of his Sena in Goa and stated that he would invite the chief minister, Manohar Parrikar, to inaugurate his first branch within the next three months.A news item had appeared in Monday's edition of TOI quoting Mutalik, who reportedly expressed his desire to curb Goa's western culture of clubs and pubs. Mutalik made the comments on the sidelines of the four-day all-India Hindu convention now under way at Ramnathi in Ponda.In response to it, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday had warned against fundamentalist elements taking the law into their own hands in Goa, saying that the government would come down heavily on such elements.Apparently bowing down to the warning, Mutalik said that his organization will work within the framework of the law and will keep a watch on illegal activities like drugs, prostitution in night clubs, etc, and will draw attention of the police and administration. His organisation will be a registered non-political outfit, Mutalik said.\"Presently, the BJP government rules Goa. It works on Hindu culture since the last several years. Sena is also working on same line. Hence we would invite BJP CM Parrikar to inaugurate its first unit in Goa within three months,\" Mutalik told reporters.Speaking about dance clubs in Goa, he said the members of his Sena would decide about the course of action once they start functioning in the state. The right wing leader however soon lost his temper over a question if his outfit will oppose Valentine's Day celebration in Goa like it was doing in other states.An agitated Mutalik said that the group will not tolerate 'westernization' of Indian culture, since events like Valentine's Day, involve the drug mafia and sex mafia.\"We have created awareness about Valentine's Day in Karnataka and following our 'awareness' campaign, 82 colleges have banned celebrations in the name of valentine's day\", the Sena chief stated. Speaking on the infamous Mangalore pub incident, he said that the Sena never had any intentions of attacking the youth but things went out of hand. The police have registered 8 cases against Sena activists and 17 members of it were arrested by police, but till date no charge sheet had been filed against them, the Sena chief revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071410", "title": "One dead, one injured of electrocution", "text": "NAGPUR: Monday evening's heavy rain in the city led to two cases of electrocution. In the first incident, a truck driver died in bid to save his truck that had caught fire due to electrocution on Monday night.In the other incident, an electrician was seriously injured after he was electrocuted while repairing a transformer at Bhilgaon on Tuesday morning.Driver Kailash Kawde (40) was a resident of Ganga Nagar in Mankapur. According to the police, Kawde drove a sand loaded truck to Ramai Nagar in Jaripatka. To unload the sand, he lifted the hydraulic.In the process while lifting, the hydraulic came into contact with a high tension line of 11,000 volts. The trolley as well as the tipper caught electric current. Kawde, who was holding the trolley door, was thrown at a distance due to the electric shock.Police said that within minutes, the truck caught fire. Kawde, though injured, rushed to save his truck from getting ablaze, but was again thrown due to the current. An unconscious Kawde was rushed to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGGMCH). He was declared brought dead by the doctors.The fire spread through major portion of the truck and also some portion of the electric cable caught fire. A major incident was averted as theThe patrolling cops immediately alerted the fire department and the fire was doused. However, the entire are plunged into darkness as the electricity connection at Ramai Nagar was disconnected for two hours.Many residents complained about the cable wire are passing through short height and hence many untoward incidents can took place. They claimed that despite many complaints, no action has been taken yet.Jaripatka police haves registered an accidental death.Lineman, Pramod Mate (41) has been struggling for life after he sustained more than 60% burn injuries while repairing a transformer at Bhilgaon on Tuesday morning.Khasala resident Mate had climbed an electric pole to repair the transformer when he suddenly suffered an electric shock and fell down. Residents immediately rushed Mate to IGGMC. Police said that he is still stated to be in critical condition.Bhilgaon residents claimed that immediately after the incident, they contacted the helpline number given to them in case of emergency. However, no one responded.Angered residents demanded cops to take an action against the officials but were sent back. Many complained that the cables are in a bad shape and lot of them are not properly covered.\"In the rainy season, the transformers often stop functioning and for hours the electricity is disconnected in the area. Many times we have to stay in dark,\" said a resident.Yashodhara Nagar police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14077118", "title": "Mother, daughters attempt suicide", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A pall of gloom hung over Raghunathpur village on the outskirts of the city after a woman died and two of her daughters became critical on Tuesday after allegedly consuming poison on Sunday.While the mother Minati Sasmal died in SCB Medical College and Hospital, her daughters Prasabini (22) and Subhadarshini (17) are battling for life in a private hospital in Cuttack. Sources said the third daughter Prabhasini (20), who also gulped the poison, is safe.Sources said Minati and her daughters consumed poisonous seeds following an altercation with her son and husband. They were immediately rushed to a private clinic in Baranga and later admitted to a hospital at Patia. Worried about their deteriorating condition, the doctors shifted them to SCB on Monday.\"Minati died on Tuesday morning. We are trying to find out the exact cause and circumstances that led to the incident,\" said IIC-Nandankanan Janardan Padhi.Acccording to neighbours, Minati's son had allegedly beaten up his sisters and mother over a petty issue. \"He bought fish and asked his sisters to fry it. When nobody listened to him, he went to his mother. She too did not pay heed. Livid, he beat them up and left the house in a huff,\" a neighbour said. When Minati's husband Mahendra, who works in the public health division, returned home, he too allegedly rebuked his wife and daughters for enraging his son. \"After he left home, his daughters consumed poisonous seeds and forced their mother to follow suit. She too consumed the seeds,\" the neighbour said.Police said they would question Mahendra and his son in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14076795", "title": "Flowers help love blossom", "text": "LONDON: The age-old belief that flowers are the way to a woman's heart is indeed right, as their presence makes women significantly more receptive to men's advances and have a powerful impact on romance, a new study has claimed.A team of psychologists from the University of South Brittany in France found that young women shopping on their own are far more likely to give their phone number to a handsome young man who approaches them if they are stopped outside a flower shop, rather than a cake shop or woman's shoe shop.Psychologists discovered that the presence of flowers make women significantly more receptive to men's advances, even when the flowers are in the background rather than presented as a gift.\"Flowers reflect our emotions and moods. The results confirm the effect of exposure to flowers on receptivity to romantic request,\" the research found.Tom Buchanan, a psychology expert at the University of Westminster , said the sight of a certain object can lead people to behave in certain ways. \"These findings are consistent with the phenomenon known as automatic or behavioural priming. That is where 'cues' or triggers in your environment can lead you to behave in ways consistent with that environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14072055", "title": "Kerala HC admits petition against Dental Council of India", "text": "KOCHI: A petition seeking CBI enquiry into corruption, amounting to Rs 50 crore, by executive committee members of the Dental Council of India (DCI) was admitted by the Kerala high court on Tuesday.Admitting the petition by former DCI member Dr Shaji K Joseph, division bench of Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice CK Abdul Rahim asked CBI to file an affidavit about conducting a probe into the alleged irregularities.The court directed CBI to respond to the demand for a probe after senior advocate K Radhakrishnan, who appeared for the petitioner, argued that maladministration and corruption by the president and executive committee members in granting 1,187 new postgraduate seats for the academic year 2012-13 was abuse of official position and involves corruption to the tune of Rs 50 crore..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074041", "title": "Traffic cops to be pulled out of comfort zone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Admitting that there are irregularities in its force and many traffic cops indulge in taking bribe in lieu of letting violators go scott free, traffic police have decided to break the nexus of cops who have been posted together at their favourite locations for the last many years.Besides, traffic police superintendent said they would ensure no two officials are posted together after reshuffling which will now be done every one or one-and-a-half months.\"We have observed that there are instances where same traffic cops have been posted at a particular location for the last few years. They become comfortable and complacent. Also, such things can allow certain discrepancies to emerge in the traffic police department,\" Maneesh Chaudhary, superintendent of Chandigarh police (traffic), told TOI.\"To avoid this, we have evolved a plan under which cops will be moved frequently and no two cops will be posted together for the second time. While shuffling the officials, we would make sure that no official gets a posting of his choice or is allowed so on the basis of any lame excuse,\" stated Chaudhary.Besides, traffic department has also decided to send their personnel who have been in the traffic wing for a very long time to other police departments. \"There are some officials who have long been serving in the traffic police.They will be sent on duty to police stations, police posts and security department,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14070358", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party may go it alone in 2014 polls", "text": "PUNE: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) is likely to contest the next Lok Sabha and state assembly elections on its own strength. It will also stake a claim over Pune's Lok Sabha seat which is being held by its alliance partner, the Congress.\"We have started preparations to contest all the seats for the 2014 Lok Sabha and assembly elections,\" said Vasant Wani, vice president of NCP's state unit, addressing a news conference here on Tuesday.The party has planned a training programme for the newly elected members of the Zilla Parishad and municipal councils in Balewadi on June 16 and 17. Besides training about the functioning of local self- government bodies, elected representatives will also be groomed in the image-building of the party.\"The NCP's performance has been excellent in the recent municipal council, zilla parishad and municipal corporation polls. We have emerged as the leading party in the state and so we have planned to fight the polls single-handedly. A final decision will be taken by senior leaders of party and NCP chief Sharad Pawar ,\" Wani said.He said that the party has asked workers and aspirants for 48 Lok Sabha seats including Pune and 288 seats of the state assembly to begin ground work.On whether the party will still stake a claim on Pune Lok Sabha seat if the NCP struck an alliance with the Congress, Wani said the NCP will seek the Pune Lok Sabha seat. \"NCP has every right to demand the Pune seat as the party has done exceptionally well in the civic election,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069395", "title": "Never sought any exemption: Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: India reacted cautiously to the US decision to exempt India from Iran oil import sanctions saying that this was a decision taken by the US under its domestic law. Even while cutting down its oil import from Iran, India had never sought such an exemption from the US and maintained that it was not going to follow any unilateral sanction imposed by any country.\"We have seen the US notification exempting Indian financial institutions from the application of the provisions of US domestic law for energy-related transactions with Iranian Central Bank and other financial institutions designated by US government. This is a decision taken by the US government under its domestic law,'' said MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.He added though that India and the US have a growing strategic partnership. \"The India-US strategic dialogue on June 13 will once again demonstrate the strength of our relationship and the extraordinary breadth of our bilateral cooperation, based on our shared values and convergent interests,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071916", "title": "\u2018UV rays should be used in bribery case\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: The Aurangabad Bench of Bombay high court has quashed bribery charges against Jalgaon clerk observing that the fingers of the accused were not tested under ultra violet (UV) rays before he was asked to deliver the bribe amount.\"The recovery of bribe money is proved from the accused. The acceptance, however, comes under cloud of doubt. Such checking prior to recovery of bribe amount from the accused would not have been necessary, had it been recovered by aid of any person other than the accused,\" a single-judge bench of Justice Ambadas Joshi ruled.\"If conviction which is ordered by special court is confirmed, it would turn out to confirm the conviction basing the judgment on suspicion than proof of charge,\" the judge observed before acquitting both accused - Pandit Chaudhari and Subhash Shirke of Jalgaon district.Chaudhari, working as junior clerk in irrigation project at Jalgaon, was accused for demanding Rs 400 on September 6, 1988 by way of illegal gratification. He allegedly settled for Rs 300 and formally accepted it on September 9 for recommending the conversion of the post held by complainant Vishwas Tukaram Patil, a daily wage worker in the irrigation department. He demanded favours from the accused in exchange of bribe. Shirke allegedly abetted the crime.On Vishwas' complaint, deputy superintendant of Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) Digambar Gadhekar conducted a raid and arrested him. He caught hold of his both hands and asked him to produce the bribe money kept in his pocket.Chaudhari contended that the money had been forcefully put in his pocket and the change in the date of entry in employment so as to be beneficial to Vishwas was not done. \"Investigating officer (Gadhekar) should have examined the hand of the accused to see whether those are stained, before he was told to take the money out of his pocket. Also, it has not been made clear as to how it was within the powers of the accused to correct the date of entry in order to render it favourable to the complainant,\" the court remarked.The demand of bribe money, its acceptance and recovery, have not been proved by the prosecution beyond a shadow of doubt, the court concluded before acquitting the petitioner duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "delhi/jaipur", "code": "14070806", "title": "Jaswant meets Mulayam, lobbies for Vice-President's post", "text": "DELHI/JAIPUR: BJP leader Jaswant Singh on Tuesday met Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav amid speculation that he could be lobbying for the Vice-President's post.The news has brought a smile to the state BJP unit, which already takes pride in the fact that former Vice-President late Bhairon Singh Shekhawat also belonged to the state. While Shekhawat was undisputedly the most popular leader of the party, Jaswant Singh has faced several ups and downs in the state. Over a period of time, Jaswant Singh lost out on the public support in Barmer and was more known for the differences with senior party leaders including former chief minister Vasundhara Raje . His son Manvendra Singh lost the last Lok Sabha polls from Barmer. The major reason behind the party's poor performance in the area during the last elections was the differences between the two camps.Though respected as a senior leader, Jaswant Singh has had little role to play in the state politics for a long time now. He and Raje - in a public display of united and renewed alliance- came together for a tour of the district in February. With the differences resolved, Jaswant Singh is likely to find support from the Raje camp in the state. Talks about Raje campaigning for him are already making rounds.On Tuesday, when Yadav was meeting yoga guru Ramdev at his residence on the issue of black money, Jaswant Singh drove in and was inside the SP leader's house for ten minutes. It is understood that the three discussed the issue of black money stashed away abroad. Jaswant Singh had raised the issue on behalf of the BJP in the Lok Sabha.The meeting between the SP chief and Jaswant Singh triggered speculation that the BJP leader may be making an effort to lobby for himself as a candidate in the Vice-President poll. BJP and NDA have not yet taken a stand on issue of President and Vice-President candidates.After the meeting, Yadav came out to see off Jaswant Singh and the two were seen talking one-on-one for some time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14071991", "title": "Govt to reconsider buffer zones policy", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Tuesday told the high court of Bombay at Goa that it is reconsidering its policy on demarcation of buffer zones around wildlife sanctuaries.The statement was made by government advocate Manish Salkar during a hearing on a petition filed by Goa Foundation demanding demarcation of buffer zones around wildlife sanctuaries the state.Earlier, the ministry of environments and forests (MoEF) had written to the government pointing out that the wildlife clearances issued to some mines were not in accordance with the Supreme Court's order of December 4, 2006. Based on the letter, the government had withdrawn the clearance given to Bandekar Brothers Pvt Ltd mine at Pale, Bicholim.Bandekar Brothers had then challenged the closure order against their mine and the subsequent withdrawal of consent by Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) before the high court.Bandekar Brothers had contended that their mine in the proposed buffer zone was ordered to stop operations while several mines were operating within the 10 km buffer zone of the wildlife sanctuaries. Incidentally, the government had decided not to implement the MoEF order with respect to the other 18 mines. The court will hear the petition further on August 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14081966", "title": "Eight Chinese arrested in Himachal on charges of visa violation", "text": "SHIMLA: Eight Chinese nationals have been arrested on charges of visa violation after police raided a fortified house-cum-monastery in Chauntra village of Mandi district.The raiding police teams on Tuesday night also recovered Indian currency worth Rs 30 lakh, USD 3,000 and some other foreign currencies in cash and mobile phones suspected to have Chinese SIM cards and international ATM cards from them.The raids, which were carried out following intelligence inputs by central intelligence agencies, continued till past mid-night.Additional director general of police SR Mardi said it was too early to conclude that those arrested were Chinese spies.The arrested persons were being interrogated by the police and intelligence agencies and nothing could be said till their interrogation was completed, he said.The arrest of Chinese nationals comes in the backdrop of reports of renewed threat to the life of Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama and another Tibetan guru, Karmapa Oxygen Trinley Dorje.The arrested Chinese nationals have been living in the house, protected by a 15-foot high wall, for quite some time and some of them were reportedly working as masons.The police was investigating as to how these Chinese nationals managed to come together in a remote village like Chauntra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073952", "title": "Delhi at mercy of tanker mafia", "text": "NEW DELHI: A water-starved city is the best place for water tankers to thrive. Delhi has a parallel water supply industry operating along with Delhi Jal Board that promises supply but charges anywhere between Rs 400 and Rs 800 for 1,000 litres. Often, DJB water meant for free supply to residents is sold to either private operators or to consumers.Despite some massive crackdown operations, the water mafia continues to hound Delhiites. Some cases of DJB officials being involved in selling and distribution of water through private tankers have also come to light. \"We are taking strict action against any complaint of malpractice. However, DJB can only control its own tankers. There are thousands of others operating privately that are beyond our purview,\" said an official.Residents often complain that in the absence of any response from DJB in the time of water shortage, they often have to rely on private supply. \"In our area, DJB takes bookings for tankers only when we go to their office. Even then they take their own time to send water. In that case, one usually has to purchase water from private operators for Rs 400-600 per 1,000 litres. As demand goes up, so do their charges,\" said PD Vashisht, a resident of C-2 Vasant Kunj.Local administration too has its hands full dealing with illegal extraction of groundwater. \"In south and southwest Delhi, the problem of illegal water extraction is huge. It interferes with DJB's pumps as they go dry. The government has tried to crack down on these activities but often gets no aid from police and other agencies,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069829", "title": "Siachen talks on expected lines, freeze continues", "text": "NEW DELHI: No ice has been broken on the forbidding glacial heights. With both India and Pakistan remaining steadfast on their respective positions, the two nations on Tuesday merely resolved to carry forward the dialogue in the hunt for the elusive solution to the military stand-off in the Siachen Glacier-Saltoro Ridge region.\"India and Pakistan reaffirmed their resolve to make serious, sustained and result-oriented efforts for seeking an amicable resolution of Siachen,'' said the anodyne joint statement, after the 13th round of the defence secretary-level talks at Rawalpindi.While the \"atmospherics were good and certain proposals were exchanged'', in keeping with \"the desire of the leaders of both countries for early resolution of all outstanding issues'', the bottomline remained the same. \"There was no breakthrough at all...the stalemate continues,'' said a source.Pressing for a \"time-bound'' demilitarization of the region, the Pakistan-side, led by Nargis Sethi, again called for both sides to simultaneously pull back troops to the pre-1984 positions. The Indian delegation headed by Shashikant Sharma promptly shot this down, holding military disengagement from the Saltoro Ridge could be considered only after Pakistan first agreed to the sequential pre-requisites of \"authentication, delineation and demarcation\".Pakistan is in a hurry to resolve the dispute, especially after it lost 139 soldiers in an avalanche in the region in April. India, too, wants the glacial heights to be demilitarized but will not vacate its dominating posts on the Saltoro Ridge \u2014 occupied after launching \" Operation Meghdoot\" in April 1984 \u2014 till it's fully satisfied that the 110-km Actual Ground Position Line (AGPL) has become inviolable to any Pakistan perfidy in the future.India finds it difficult to trust Pakistan on the AGPL, or the unmarked stretch between the last marked grid reference point NJ-9842 on the Line of Control and the Karakoram Pass, when it did not even respect the well-delineated LoC to occupy the Kargil heights in 1999.The steadily increasing Chinese strategic footprint in Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir has only served to harden New Delhi's stand. The presence of Indian troops on the Saltoro Ridge, at heights varying between 16,000 and 22,000-feet, serves as a wedge to prevent the Pakistani and Chinese armies from linking up through the Karakoram Pass to threaten Ladakh.The \"trust deficit\" can be bridged only after Pakistan \"authenticates\" the relative troop positions on the AGPL along the Saltoro Ridge, which will clearly show its soldiers are three to seven km away from the actual glacier.Then, it will have agree to the proper \"delineation\" both on the map as well as on the ground, which in turn will lead to the final \"demarcation\" of the agreed border. The proposed \"disengagement\" and \"redeployment\" plans will be consideration only after that, as was earlier reported by TOI.India wants the authenticated troop positions to be made a part of the proposed agreement on Siachen, and not the annexures as Pakistan has been demanding, as a legal and diplomatic safeguard if Islamabad reneges on the agreement and moves its troops into the positions vacated by Indian troops.Both sides on Tuesday, however, applauded that the ceasefire along the AGPL was holding since it came into force in 2003. \"It was agreed that the next round of talks on Siachen will be held in New Delhi on mutually-convenient dates, to be fixed through diplomatic channels,\" said the joint statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14080940", "title": "Indian border forces criticised for abuses by rights organisations", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's border forces are under fire by human rights organisations yet again for alleged extra-judicial killings and torture. In a new report, Human Rights Watch asked the Indian government to investigate and prosecute BSF forces for rights violations along the Bangladesh border. India maintains that it keeps a watch on and takes action against such violations.\"The Border Security Force has reverted to its previous tactics of unilaterally punishing suspects, defying orders from Delhi issued last year to exercise restraint and protect the right to life,\" said Meenakshi Ganguly, South Asia director at Human Rights Watch. \"But the central government is also responsible, since it has failed to hold perpetrators accountable. Justice is the best deterrent against further violations.\"There have been repeated complaints by the Bangladesh authorities about Indian excesses, particularly after incidents in December, 2011, when BSF forces were alleged to have killed what they called \"intruders.\" However, both the BSF and the Indian government maintain that these persons trying to cross the bird illegally are not innocent persons.In a statement on December 20, the MEA spokesperson had said responding to reports of deaths of Bangladeshis on the border by BSF, \"To prevent loss of lives along the border areas, BSF has exercised the utmost restraint and has resorted to firing in self defence only in rare cases. India has taken various steps, including strict control on firing, introduction of non-lethal weapons, round-the-clock domination and intensive patrolling. It has also imposed night time restrictions on the movement of people in the border areas.\"\"Unfortunately, this policy of restraint has emboldened criminal elements who have stepped up their attacks on BSF personnel deployed along the border in order to facilitate their illegal activities. A number of attacks have been recorded on BSF personnel and posts along the India-Bangladesh border over the last few months. \"The MEA said Bangladeshi miscreants had pelted the BSF forces with stones and in one incident even tried to drag them across the border. They claimed the BSF only fired in self-defence afterwards.However, HRW contends that despite India's assurances to end unlawful killings, document evidence by Indian and Bangladeshi NGOs state otherwise, and both Indian and Bangladeshi citizens are at risk.In its defence regarding incidents in Malda and Coochbehar in December, MEA said in December, \"In the recent incident at Malda, a group of around 50-60 miscreants involved in illegal activity, not only pelted stones when challenged by the BSF jawan on duty at his post, but also tried to drag him towards the Bangladesh side of the international boundary. Sensing imminent danger to his life, his two colleagues fired four rounds in all resulting in the miscreants fleeing the scene leaving the BSF jawan behind. In the other incident at Coochbehar, around 30-40 miscreants involved in illegal activity attacked a BSF jawan with bamboo sticks and dahs, when challenged by him.Sensing imminent danger to his life, the BSF jawan first hurled a non-lethal stun grenade and then as a last resort opened fire at the armed miscreants in self-defence. Both incidents took place 200 to 250 meters from the international boundary inside Indian territory. One BSF jawan was injured in the incident and is currently in hospital undergoing treatment.\"HRW says in the past decade, Indian border forces had increased their killings of citizens on the border, documenting, they say, nearly 1000 killings of residents. \"The recent allegations claim that in order to get around the restrictions on shooting at sight, BSF soldiers have been subjecting suspects to severe beatings and torture, resulting in deaths in custody. Efforts by local residents and activists to file complaints and secure justice have resulted in threats and intimidation.\"\"While the Indian government claims that it holds its forces accountable, it produces no information to show that this is actually happening,\" said Ganguly. \"There appears to be complete impunity for BSF soldiers - even in the most egregious cases. Unless the government orders an independent investigation and ensures the prosecutions of those against whom credible evidence is found, such acts of brutality will continue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14076083", "title": "Court denies bail to sex-test doctor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city sessions court on Tuesday denied bail to Dr Hemang Shah, who was arrested by police after a sting operation exposed a sex determination racket.After Dr Shah's arrest last month along with one Ashok Patel, he unsuccessfully sought bail from the magisterial court. He moved sessions court requesting to release him on bail on various grounds, but additional sessions judge N M Vyas was not convinced and refused bail to him. In denying him bail, the judge observed that the doctor might indulge in the same activity again if granted bail and he could also hamper investigation, which is at a crucial stage.On May 18, Dr Shah and Patel were caught in a sting operation conducted by district health department at Umiya Nursing Home in Naroda. Patel worked as an agent and middleman for a three-month-old pregnant woman, who wanted the sex determination conducted, after charging Rs 9,000. Dr Shah had used his portable sonography machine in the hospital and conducted the test illegally. Patel was soon shifted to VS Hospital after arrest because his medical condition deteriorated.Opposing Dr Shah's bail plea, public prosecutor Sudhir Brahmbhatt contended that the accused was not even qualified to conduct sonography because he is not a qualified radiologist. He argued that Dr Shah was having a degree in Ayurveda and he is not entitled to use sonography machine. Requesting the court not to take such an offence lightly and not grant him bail, the public prosecutor also contended that one accused person in this case is still on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14071225", "title": "Awareness programme for engineering aspirants", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE) Malabar sub-section will organize a one-day programme for students aspiring for admission to engineering courses on Saturday. The programme is aimed at creating awareness about different areas of engineering and the skills needed to succeed in the field.The programme, to be organized at the Sports Council Hall, is intended to address the decline in pass percentage in many engineering institutions and help students get detailed information and job prospects of various branches in engineering.S Gopakumar, former deputy director of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC) will lead the panel discussion on the need to develop soft skills to become 'employable' engineers.K P Mohandas, former dean, National Institute of Technology-Calicut (NITC) will speak on the topic, 'special tips for engineering studies'. M P Sebastian, professor, Indian Institute of Management-Kozhikode (IIM-K) will talk on 'engineering career paths and prospects'.Students who have appeared for engineering entrance examinations and their parents can register for the programme through the website http://hellocampus.in/roadmap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14069649", "title": "Diesel theft racket busted", "text": "VADODARA: The vigilance squad of state police seized two tankers trying to pilfer diesel near Karjan off the national highway. The seizure was made on Tuesday based on a tip off received by the police.According to sources, the two tankers had filled diesel at Hazira and were on their way to Mehsana. They stopped at a hotel near Kiya village on the highway and were removing diesel when the sleuths of the vigilance department swooped down upon them.The tankers containing around 24,000 litres of diesel were seized. The total value of the seizure including the vehicles and the fuel is estimated to be around Rs 27 lakh. Two persons were arrested while one managed to escape. tnnThe arrested include drivers Dahansingh Rajput and Manojsingh Rajput.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14072766", "title": "Film captures Mangarbani's predicament", "text": "GURGAON: \"The Lost Forest\", a short documentary film on the threats faced by Mangarbani, was screened in Gurgaon on Tuesday evening to highlight the peril this ecologically fragile zone is facing, thanks to the vested interests of land mafias.The documentary directed by Ishani Dutta highlights how this forest, important for preserving the ecological balance of the area and maintaining the groundwater level, would be lost to the realty boom. These forests have been identified as groundwater recharge zones by the Central Ground Water Board. The movie has taken on board people closely associated with these forests, namely Dr R P Balwan, who was the whistle-blower in the illegal mining activities in the Aravali hills and took voluntary retirement as Conservator, forest (south circle) after facing severe resistance from authorities.The group has also formulated a petition to be sent to the director general, Town and Country Planning department to raise objections about the DDP-2031 by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074588", "title": "Schools protest screening ban", "text": "MUMBAI: \"'No screening during admissions' has been a rule in our state for many years, but schools were not following it. Now, with the backing of the central government and the Right to Education (RTE) Act, schools have no choice but to oblige,\" said Sanjay Deshmukh, director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan on Tuesday.Deshmukh added that schools will also not be allowed to charge capitation fees at the time of admissions or during the academic course. Those found guilty of charging capitation fees will be fined 10 times the amount.The state education department also plans to start advertizing the 25% reservation quota available in private schools through local newspapers as well as radio. \"We realized that radio is the most powerful tool to reach out to the masses, especially in rural parts of the state. Jingles will be played to attract the attention of listeners,\" said Deshmukh.Schools, though, didn't sound happy about the latest diktat. \"Screening procedures conducted by schools are not as scary as the education department makes them sound. It is a way to interact with students as well as parents. But now we have no choice but to follow the rule,\" said a school principal.Meanwhile, the upgraded version of Maharashtra Prathamik Shikshan Parishad (MPSP) website is ready to be launched by August. It gives access to information about RTE, school-mapping, enrolment of students, infrastructure of schools across the state and so on. \"The main purpose was to make information available in public domain and reduce RTI queries. Tracking schools will be very easy,\" said Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14087125", "title": "60 exhibition stalls, 4 trucks gutted in fire", "text": "HYDERABAD: Around 60 exhibition stalls and four trucks were gutted in a fire that broke out at a ground in Kukatpally locality here this morning , police said.However, no casualties were reported in the incident, they added.According to police, the fire, which was noticed at around 7.45 am, spread from the main entrance to the adjacent truck parking area and then to the exhibition area in which four trucks and around 60 stalls were gutted.The fire brigade personnel brought the fire under control within an hour.\"The fire started at around 7.45 am has been brought under control now after four fire engines were pressed into service,\" an investigating officer said.Even though further investigation is underway, fire officials suspect that the fire could have caused due to short circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14086344", "title": "Robert Pattinson hates 'R-Patz' nickname", "text": "Robert Pattinson has revealed that he doesn't like the nickname R-Patz that has been given to him by fans.The 26-year-old actor said that he would like to strangle those who have given him this name.\"When I got this part, every single article that came out was, 'R-Patz's struggle for credibility!\" Us Magazine quoted the actor as telling the Guardian.\"I don't understand who invented that thing, 'R-Patz', I want to strangle them,\" she said.He is not the only A-lister who finds his public nickname less-than-endearing, earlier this year, Scarlett Johansson had spoken to USA Today about her intense dislike for the nickname \"ScarJo.\"\"Oh, it's awful,\" The actress had told the paper. \"It's a laziness . . . People can't actually say the whole name? It's just bizarre . . . so Cate Blanchett is not, like, 'CaBla'? Why is that? Why do I have to get stuck with [ScarJo]?\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070386", "title": "Like it or lump it, midnight curfew is here to stay", "text": "KOLKATA: For Ambika Shroff, weekend parties are no longer what they used to be till January. She now has to make sure that she is part of a large group with at least two men accompanying the ladies. Cars have to be arranged to drop everyone home and none is allowed to stay back at a nightclub once the rest have left. Making friends with strangers on the dance floor is now a taboo. Exchanging cell phone numbers, that would be quite normal till recently, is strictly forbidden.\"Even if you take all these measures, you're not allowed to stay out late. You are forced to be back home by midnight, when a late-night party should actually begin. It really makes no sense to take so much pain for an hour of fun. But you can't take chances either when you keep hearing about these scary assaults,\" said Ambika, a second-year BCom student at Shri Shikshayatan College.Nightclubs in Kolkata have not been the same since they were asked to shut down by 11.30pm after the Park Street rape last February. While most regulars have been staying away, some have been partying early. The clubs, on the other hand, pointed out that a new crowd has been hitting the floors since the deadline was imposed and it's making things even worse. \"The regulars don't believe in winding up early. So, they would rather have a house party. This has paved the way for a new group of visitors who are not quite acquainted with the nightclub culture. Many are, in fact, rowdies and can be a threat for men and women alike. It was evident from the molestation that happened at a New Market nightclub last Sunday. They are driving people away from nightclubs,\" said Arvind Bhatnagar, executive director of PDK Shenaz Hotels Pvt Ltd, which owns nightclub Shisha.He added that Sunday's assault proved that the early deadline is a futile exercise. \"One or two incidents can't be ruled out. Having an early deadline will not keep out miscreants. It will merely ruin the city's nightlife. It's important to have a stricter vigil and make sure you get the right crowd. Only that can make women safe,\" said Bhatnagar.Jaideep Kohli, a Dunlop resident and grooming expert, calls the imposition of 'Cinderella hour' a silly decision. \"Earlier, we used to order for the drinks at 11pm and party till four in the morning. Now we have to get out of the place before the party can even begin. Have you heard of such nightlife elsewhere?\" he fumed. \"It does not feel the same now. Imposing a ban does not solve the purpose. Girls are vulnerable not only at night clubs, but at a lot of other places. And killing nightlife is not a solution,\" he added. Jaideep stresses that the girl who steps out at night should be mature enough to protect herself. \"Women often mingle with strangers at night-clubs and that is inviting trouble,\" said Kohli.Many, like Ambika, felt the ban has reduced crime against women only by 2%-3 % but it is the responsibility of the woman to secure herself. \"No law in the world can help curb crime against women. A woman should be well-equipped with safety measures. Kolkata is safer in that way. The ban feels like a school rule,\" said Ambika. To keep trouble-makers at bay, Ambika recommends the girls to go to a night-club in the company of their male friends and make sure they have a private vehicle to drop them home at night.Whether this ban worked in the favour of the state or not, for the rest of the country the ban has become a matter of joke. Mumbai-based Aman Singh wanted suggestions about the nightlife in the city before he can come to Kolkata. \"Does Kolkata have nightlife? Or Didi has killed that also?\" wrote Singh on facebook.Gursheek Kaur, a Kolkata resident till a decade ago, said she was surprised to find nightclubs shutting down early. \"This was a surprise since Kolkata have always partied late and safely. There would always be a few mischief-makers but there were enough decent people around to keep them at bay. While the recent assaults are shocking and shameful, it really doesn't make sense to banish nightlife altogether. You need more good people to stay out late or else only miscreants will rule Kolkata at night,\" said Gursheek, who is now based in Chandigarh.There isn't enough incentive for those seeking clean fun and entertainment to visit nightclubs any longer, said Akshay Gambhir , vice-president of nightclub Basement. \"You can't change the party peak-hours by imposing an early deadline. People will still be walking into a nightclub only after 10pm. Unlike Delhi or Mumbai, it's the business community that frequents night joints in Kolkata. They finish their work only around 8.30pm after which they need at least an hour-and-half to go home, freshen up and then join a party,\" said Gambhir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14069472", "title": "\u2018Zero encroachment\u2019 on 117 roads in Surat", "text": "SURAT: At least 10,000 hawkers on the 117 roads of the city are in for trouble as Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has declared these paths as 'no encroachment zones'. Standing committee passed a proposal in this connection on Monday and has planned hawking zones for them across the city.\"The aim is to keep our roads clear for traffic. Those found encroaching will face severe action,\" said Bhimji Patel, chairman, standing committee. There are over 50,000 road side shops and thousand of hawkers on these 117 roads which SMC plans to inspect on a regular basis. Carts and commodities on zero encroachment roads would be seized and won't be returned, a SMC official said, adding that earlier the seized goods and carts were given back to the violators after 21 days on payment of fine.Small vendors have been found encroaching upon public space, specially designed for transport and traffic. Many continue to hawk from the same place even if their carts are taken away. They always keep a second cart ready, sources said.\"The number of people who do business on these zero encroachment zones is just 15 per cent of total. SMC needs to come out with more hawker zones,\" said Jaylal, an officer-bearer of Hawkers and Traders Association.At least 31 roads of central zone, 11 each in Rander and Athwa, 12 in Udhna, 19 in Limbayat, 18 in Varachha, 15 in Katargam have been declared 'no encroachment' zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069117", "title": "BEML chief hid indigenization clause on Tatra, alleges CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Suspended BEML CMD V R S Natarajan allegedly suppressed the original commitment to indigenize Tatra trucks to favour Ravi Rishi and companies controlled by Rishi in Slovakia, CBI has told the defence ministry. This would be the primary charge in the criminal investigation against Natarajan.In its communication seeking sanction to investigate Natarajan, CBI has said the original 1986 contract stipulated 86% indigenization by 1991, but the official chose to overlook this commitment.Natarajan went ahead and signed a fresh contract with Ravi Rishi-owned Tatra Sipox, UK, in 2003. In this contract, he specifically exempted indigenization of axles and backbone tube, or chassis parts, terming them special components that cannot be made in India.CBI has said that these parts are manufactured in the Slovakian arm of Tatra that is controlled by Rishi. Natarajan ensured that Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML) continued to import these crucial parts in perpetuity.It is not clear if the 86% indigenization commitment was part of an agreement signed between BEML and Tatra Sipox, UK, in 1997. Though the 1997 agreement was for 10 years, it was revised in 2003. The CBI has pointed out that the 2003 contract was signed after Natarajan was appointed the chairman-cum-managing director of BEML. Sources said the agency has accused him of \"suppressing\" the indigenization commitments, and relaxing rules to favour Rishi and businesses controlled by him.The findings could be the trigger for the CBI to seek further proof to establish that there was a criminal conspiracy among all those involved in negotiating the 2003 contract to avoid Tatra's indigenization and consequently cause huge financial and technical losses to the government. Now, the agency may also look at the money trail, including properties, benami companies etc of BEML brass and decisions taken by Rishi and others over the years.The CBI has also found that Natarajan tried to mislead the investigators during their interaction with him. Also, Natarajan was influencing witnesses, mostly employees and ex-employees of BEML, whom the CBI was summoning for questioning.But what would mark the turning point against Natarajan is CBI's findings that he suppressed the indigenization commitment of Tatra and favoured Rishi and the Slovakian arm of the Tatra company. This would be the first allegation against Natarajan on which the agency would formally begin criminal investigation against him, armed with the defence ministry's sanction given on Monday. So far, Natarajan was treated as a witness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071006", "title": "75% turnout in Maheshwar bypoll", "text": "BHOPAL: A record 75% voting was registered for the Maheshwar assembly constituency by-poll on Tuesday where the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and opposition Congress were vying for the seat to demonstrate their respective political power and strength. The state electoral office sources said that the final voting count could reach 78%.The results would be declared on June 15, but it was the Election Commission that stole the show on Tuesday. To safeguard against bogus and fake voting the EC distributed polling slips to each voter with their photographs on it.Observers appointed by the election commission told voters to carry their photo identity cards when they went to the polling stations. However, if the voter did not have a photo identity card issued by the EC, then he or she could produce the certified photo slip as evidence of his or her identification.The sizzling and scorching summer sun did not prevent men and women queuing-up in large numbers with those photo slips in hand. The constituency has a total 1,83,900 voters including 90,000 women.The contest here in this SC reserved seat is between Rajkumar Mev of the BJP and Devendra Singh Sadho of the Congress.The seat fell vacant after former minister in the Digvijay Singh led Congress government, Vijaylaxmi Sadho, was elevated to the Rajya Sabha. Devendra Sadho, the brother of Vijaylaxmi is the Congress candidate while Rajkumar Mev who lost to Vijaylaxmi in the 2008 elections is the BJP candidate.Mev had lost to Sadho by a wafer-thin margin of 673 votes, the reason why the BJP fielded him again from the seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14070667", "title": "Khaps meet to decide action against Aamir Khan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Khap panchayats of Haryana, which have already warned Bollywood actor Aamir Khan against portraying them in 'poor light' and demanded his show Satyamev Jayte be taken off air, have now summoned a meeting of all village khaps of the state.The Sarv Khap Panchayat has been called to decide the course of action to be taken against the film star and respond to his attempts of maligning the Khaps and intruding into the social structure of villages in Haryana, said Randhir Singh, Head of Meham Chaubisi Panchayat, on whose invitation the meeting has been calledSingh, who had also taken part in Aamir's Satyamev Jayte, said that the Amir Khan's show has sent a wrong message. \"I got a call from a villager informing me that his three-year-old granddaughter told him that she too would marry by eloping,\" said Singh.\"What kind of changes the film star wants to bring in our society, his act would destroy the entire social structure of out villages that were living in brotherhood for decades.\"There are around 110 khaps in Haryana, of which 72 are active.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072516", "title": "BJP state executive meeting to mull 2014 poll strategy in Maharashtra", "text": "NASHIK: A two-day meeting of the BJP's state executive will begin on Wednesday in the city, to discuss how best the party can exploit the failure of the UPA II and the Congress-NCP allianace state government, for the legislative assembly and Lok Sabha elections due in 2014.\"The thrust would be to target the government for its anti-people policies. While some attention would be ovcer what the party thinks of the Shiv Sena (SS) and Maharashtra Nav Nirman Sena (MNS) in the state, it is unlikely that a decision would be announced now,\" saida senior party office-bearer.The two-day state executive meeting will be held at Burkule Lawns, CIDCO, to mull over major issues facing party in its run up to the assembly and parliamentary polls for the year 2014.The meeting would kick off with state chiefs setting an agenda for the two-day brain storming session, followed by party leaders guiding 450 office-bearers of the party on the various issues - largely related to the poor law and order in the state and scarcity issues.After liaising with the Shiv Sena, to establish itself in the state, twenty years ago, the party has in the recent past occasionally supported the MNS, a move which drewing flak from the Sena.\"All of this is true, but the executive meeting will decide an agenda for mobilizing party workers and office-bearers towards the larger goal of gaining access to the treasury benches in the state. Besides, the party would prefer showing its cards only if and when required,\" the official said under conditions of anonymity.The party is also planning a jail bharo andolan on 22 June protesting against rising petrol prices, inflation, and corruption involving many big leaders and ministers from Congress and the United Progressive Alliance (UPA)-regime.\"Efforts will be aimed at getting maximum people out in the streets to send a clear message that those in power cannot take citizens for granted,\" Rajendra Phadke, BJP's state organising secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "14073747", "title": "Understaffed department unable to check mafia", "text": "FARIDABAD: The illegal sand mining near the Yamuna in Faridabad may have halted temporarily after a constable was mowed down by the sand mafia men but residents of the nearby villages say it's just a matter of time before it resumes. They say there is little check on illegal mining on the 40km river front between Faridabad and Palwal.Despite a Supreme Court stay order on sand mining in the two districts, violators go to the sites late in the night and leave with truck loads of sand by early morning. Villagers allege sand mining has been happening with the active support of local police. When a TOI team visited these sites, there were fresh tyre marks of dumpers and tractors. Villagers said that mining happens at night. tnn The 212 FIRs filed against the violators in the past two years have failed to act as a deterrent, say officials of the mining department. \"In almost every case, the accused have been arrested but they are soon out on bail. We have been carrying out raids and placing pickets at night to catch the offenders,\" says local mining engineer MP Sharma. Sources say 1,500 cases have been registered for the offence of illegal mining across Haryana.The department has just five inspectors and 15 guards. \"There is no organized mafia here. Those involved in sand mining are local players,\" Sharma says. However, an insider in the mining business said each truck sells for around Rs 10,000 and none else than the \"identified\" operators can even enter the sites.Last year, mines and geology department of Haryana government had auctioned minor mineral quarries and had granted short-term permit for four months to private players. But a case was filed against the auctions in SC and then there was the stay order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071957", "title": "A flyover, 2 ROBs, a broader underpass to ease Lucknow traffic", "text": "LUCKNOW: If plans of the state government are anything to go by, then Lucknow may soon have a new flyover, two ROBs and a broader underpass. While the flyover is proposed to come up at IT crossing, the Railway Over Bridges (ROBs) will be constructed at Purania and Daliganj crossings. Likewise, the narrow underpass near Hathi park too is proposed to be widened twice its existing breath.On Tuesday, top brass of Lucknow Development Authority (LDA), district administration and UP Bridge Corporation carried out an exhaustive survey for the proposed structures that would ease out traffic congestion at these highly congested areas considerably.To begin with commuters on way from university road to Kapoorthala and beyond may look forward to zoom past over a new two-lane flyover which will stretch over IT college crossing for a distance of approximately 750 meters. The flyover is proposed to begin from a point near Lucknow University V-C residence to merge on the existing railway overbridge that connects Niralanagar and Kapoorthala. Speaking to TOI, LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey said that the proposal to this effect will soon be sent to the state government. UP Bridge Corporation officials said that the flyover will in fact cover 80 percent of the Niralanagar-Kapoorthala ROB which, subsequently, will have to be bifurcated. The project, therefore, will require a no-objection certificate from the railways.The structure is expected to ease out traffic that moves towards Kapoorthala and Aliganj. Dubey said that there will be sufficient space underneath the flyover for commuters on way to Niralanagar from Ram Krishna Math trisection, as also for those moving from university road towards Babuganj and Daliganj.The ROB proposed at Daliganj crossing will stretch from Niralanagar-Daliganj trisection near railway crossing to merge at Sitapur road. The flyover, which is proposed to stretch for a distance of nearly 684 meters, will pave way for to-and-fro movement of vehicles between Sitapur road and Niralanagar and Daliganj. The UP Bridge Corporation was however examining the possibilities if the flyover with a single bend could be made a three-lane one. The locality, significantly, has a host of shops which will be examined before the proposal is finalized.This flyover has been a long pending demand of the people of Daliganj and Niralanagar as they face massive traffic snarls because of the railway crossing. In fact, it has been one of the poll promise of Abhishek Mishra who contested as SP candidate from Lucknow north and is now minister protocol in Akhilesh Yadav government. Likewise, the one proposed at Purania crossing too will stretch for a distance of around 630 meters. The ROB will connect Aliganj with Sitapur road. This ROB is likely to be a two lane one.The team of officials also examined the railway under pass near Hathi park for its proposed widening. The under pass, which is presently is only 10 mts broad, is now proposed to be widened up to 21 meters. The crucial under pass happens to lie between Daliganj with the road connecting Medical university and Chowk. Once widened, the underpass will allow easy movement of vehicles, which, otherwise, get stuck up in repeated traffic snarls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071711", "title": "UP Lokayukta moots CBI probe against ex-sports minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta, Justice (retd) N K Mehrotra has recommended a CBI inquiry against former state sports minister Ayodhya Prasad Pal in a case of disproportionate assets. According to the Lokayukta, the minister amassed Rs 24 crore in the name of his wife, sons, brothers and friends during his tenure as the sports minister in the BSP government.In the 1,660-page report submitted to the chief minister on Tuesday, the Lokayukta has recommended a probe against the minister by any one of the agencies like CBI, Enforcement Directorate or the Anti-Corruption Bureau. \"It is surprising that sons who were shown as minors in 2007 by the minister in his election declaration, went on to own property worth crores in five years during the minister's tenure,\" said the Lokayukta. In the 2007 declaration, the minister had shown his wife and sons having assets worth Rs 13 lakh.Pal is the fourth minister in the Mayawati government against whom the Lokayukta has recommended probe by special agencies (CBI, ED or ACB). The others are Babu Singh Kushwaha , Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Ramveer Upadhyay. All the inquiry reports will be tabled in the Vidhan Sabha for discussion for future courses of action. Pal is the 10th Mayawati minister since December 2010 to have been indicted by UP Lokayukta.In the documents perused by the Lokayukta, the minister has been shown to have earned Rs 18 lakh in the last four to five years, when he was the sports minister. But he owned immovable assets worth Rs 23.9 crore (Rs 23,93,03,631). \"And all this has been acquired in five year's time, which raises serious doubt on how the assets were acquired,\" he said. Notably, the property, based on documents, has been valued at approximately Rs 24 crore.During Pal's term as minister, the sports department released Rs 169 crore at different points of time for construction of sports infrastructure and other facilities. The money, however, was allegedly siphoned off. The construction agencies were given payments without them having carried out even a single construction. The minister used \"pick-and-choose\" strategy to award contracts. There was no tendering held to award contracts. The agencies and contractors did not even purchase land for construction, and got the payments.The audit reports did point towards the irregularities in awarding the contracts, but the minister continued to fleece public money. However, the audit reports, looked into by the Lokayukta, provide evidence against the minister and \"co-conspirators\". \"I have recommended action against the minister and his partners in crime,\" said Mehrotra. The Lokayukta has not looked into the diversion of funds received for sports, maintenance and competitions, though there were complaints that even these set of funds were misused.Pal also owns about an 8.5 hectare land in Mohanlalganj, called Awadh farmhouse. The land comprised parts of forest land and gram sabha land. The minister acquired the land by way of partnership, which incurred loss to the tune of several crores to the state exchequer in terms of loss of stamp duty. The Lokayukta has also recommended inquiry and action against forest and revenue officers, who remained mum while the minister and his kin illegally acquired the land. He has also recommended the cancellation of land possession to the minister.\"Action should be taken against the minister under Prevention of Corruption Act, Forest Act and Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act,\" the Lokayukta report recommended.The minister also bought an oil depot and a petrol pump in Fatehpur, the documents for which were not scrutinised by the Lokayukta. But officials in the government shared that the property was bought by the minister. The Lokayukta has probed the properties owned by the minister in Lucknow and Fatehpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14073847", "title": "Medicine shortage ails GH-6", "text": "PANCHKULA: The patients at General Hospital, Sector 6, are a harassed lot as stock of major medicines has been exhausted. So much so that even ordinary medicines like antipyretic and ORS are also not available. \"I have come here three times. My son has fever but they don't have medicines. They say all medicines are out of stock,\" said Komal, a resident of Sector 14, Panchkula. She further added, \"Now, I will have to the market to get the medicines.\"Ordinary medicines like that of fever, sugar, other antibiotics and even ORS solution are not available. Not only this, there are some medicines, which are prescribed by doctors of the hospital and aren't available elsewhere.Even those are out of stock. \"The doctor has prescribed medicines which were earlier, available only at the government dispensary, but now they say they don't have those either. What do we do now? As these antibiotics are not available in the market,\" rued Rajesh, a resident of Sector 21, whose wife is suffering from diarrhoea.\"We really face a lot of difficulty at night as when some medicines are needed urgently and the chemists' shops in the vicinity are closed. Are the authorities waiting for some mishap,\" said an upset Varun Gupta of Sector 12.\"It has been a month since the medicine stock has finished. We just have simple cough syrups and nothing else. We informed the authorities several times, but they haven't sent us anything,\" said an official at the medicines counter, declining to be named.\"It is true that stock of the medicines has exhausted and people are facing lots of difficulties as medicines even for the emergency and OPD purposes are not available. I have already written to the higher authorities demanding medicines and the problem will soon be sorted out,\" said principal medical officer Usha Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14077014", "title": "More seats in govt engineering colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At a time when seats in private engineering colleges are lying vacant, the government is planning to increase the number of seats from 1,460 to 2,090, a government statement said. The decision was taken at a meeting attended by the six government technical college authorities and chaired by chief secretary Bijay Kumar Patnaik.It was also decided that infrastructure would be upgraded in the colleges besides increasing the number of seats. The government would spend Rs 15 crore each for College of Engineering and Technology (CET) Bhubaneswar, Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology, (VSSUT) Burla, and Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology, (IGIT) Sarang.CET will have one new teaching block, a library building, a new boys' hostel and a new girls' hostel soon. VSSUT and IGIT too would have new facilities. The chief secretary also directed the college authorities to modernize their laboratories. The technical colleges and universities were also given clearance to fill up vacant teaching posts.Currently, CET has 210 regular intake capacity while IGIT has 180, VSSUT 300, PMEC, Berhampur, 240, GEC, Kalahandi, 240 and OSME (Degree) has 290 seats. In self-financing courses, CET has annual intake of 180 while IGIT has 150 and VSSUT 160.Patnaik advised technical institutions to be in touch with the industry in their regular academic activities so that students are kept updated about application of innovative technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071815", "title": "Impersonator caught in BEd counselling", "text": "LUCKNOW: Impersonators caught in entrance examinations is no big deal. But doing so in the counselling certainly makes news. In the ongoing BEd counselling, an impersonator was caught at Faizabad centre number one, which is the Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University's (RMLAU) entrance and admission block on Tuesday evening. An FIR has been lodged in the case. University registrar, SK Shukla said, \"A candidate named Tirathraj Yadav was impersonating for one Dharmendra Kumar. The impersonator also informed that he appeared for the entrance exam in place of Dharmendra.\"On Tuesday while the counselling was going on, head, department of physics and electronics, RK Mishra was on duty. \"At the time of document verification, when he asked questions pertaining to educational qualification. When the candidate gave vague answers, some doubt was raised. When we interrogated him, he confessed to be impersonating,\" said Shukla.Shukla said that Tirathraj claimed to be studying in a BEd college in Jaunpur. \"Tirathraj informed that he was working for a gang-based in Allahabad. We are seeking more details in the case,\" said Shukla. Information regarding Dharmendra is also being gathered. Meanwhile, as many as 8,061 candidates registered on Tuesday, of which 8,059 successfully locked their choice of college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071928", "title": "Tabung Haji may be adopted in India: Salman Khurshid", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre is considering a proposal to adopt some of the features of the Tabung Haji system for supporting Haj pilgrimage in India in the wake of the recent Supreme Court order on Haj reforms. Tabung Haji facilitates savings for the pilgrimage to Mecca through investment in Shariah-compliant vehicles.Union minister of law and justice Salman Khurshid told reporters here on Monday that the ministry of external affairs has organized a discussion regarding this which would be held in New Delhi on June 19. Experts from Malaysia would be attending it.He said the Centre would abide by the Supreme Court order to do away with the practice of giving subsidy to Haj pilgrimage within 10 years. But during this interim period alternative arrangements are being considered. \"We will anyway ensure that Haj subsidy will not mean subsidizing the airline fares.\"He said the government was also planning to provide more embarkation platforms for the Haj pilgrimage in different parts of India. Replying to questions he said, the Centre was trying to find a solution to the Mullaperiyar dispute which would be acceptable to both Tamil Nadu and Kerala.Khurshid strongly condemned the reported killing of the ousted CPM leader T P Chandrasekharan and said \"this is not the way civilized people behave with adversaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "14071362", "title": "2 polling officials removed for 'helping' voter", "text": "ONGOLE: The Election Commission cracked the whip on two polling officials in Ongole when they were found 'guiding' an aged voter in exercising his vote and asked the police to take the duo into custody.Upon a directive from the EC, Prakasam district collector Anitha Rajendra rushed to PVR High School and removed presiding officer S Seshagiri Rao and micro observer U V Seshaiah from election duties with immediate effect. The collector replaced them even as polling was stopped for 30 minutes.According to information, an octogenarian sought the assistance of the polling officials in casting his vote on the electronic voting machine (EVM) and the polling officials immediately obliged his request. As per the rules, no official should enter the voting chamber for any purpose. Curiously, no agent from any political party raised objection when the polling officials entered the EVM chamber to assist the aged voter. Taking advantage of their silence, the two officials reportedly helped the voter in pressing the EVM button in favour of a particular party candidate.The election observers, who were watching the webcasting of the polling process live in Hyderabad, were shocked to see the officials' solicitude and immediately alerted chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal. After verifying the video clippings, the CEO directed the collector to immediately remove the duo from election duties. Police detained both Seshagiri Rao and Seshaiah and shifted them to the RDO office.Later, Anitha Rajendra conducted an inquiry and took the statements of the errantofficials. After the enquiry, collector observed that polling officials were not at fault as they had only shown the symbol and did not influence the voter in choosing his candidate. Polling agents also did not raise any objectionsto this. With video recordings too supporting their version, the EC decided to exonerate the officials with a warning. \"Though it was found that they had no mala fide intention, they were still replaced,\" pointed out Bhanwarlal.According to sources, the officials guided the aged voter to cast his vote in favour of the YSR Congress nominee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14077301", "title": "Too much money in young hands", "text": "KOLKATA: Class XII student Shuvadeep Roy loves to party with friends. He does it in style every weekend, not at home or a friend's place. He prefers fine-dining restaurants and nightclubs. The expenses often cross Rs 5000 but the youngster doesn't seem to mind because his pocket-money allows him to be generous. Not surprisingly then, his friends love him for his lavish weekly get-togethers. His parents don't object, either.Twelve-year-old Shweta Singh is a cellphone freak and upgrades her gadget every month because she \"easily gets bored with her phone\". The last one cost her father Rs 16,000. Shweta, however, dismisses the suggestion that his father gifted her the phone. \"I had saved enough from my pocket-money,\" she claims. Next, an i-Pod next, says the Class VI student.Youngsters in Kolkata no longer pester their parents for gifts. They don't need to because their pocket allowance has grown fatter over the years and touched absurd levels, say child psychologists. In most case, it's working parents trying to compensate for lack of time spent with their children\"They either shower their children with gifts or pamper them with pocketmoney or both. Children get used to spending heavily from an age when they haven't yet got the maturity to take a buying decision. They prefer gadgets, but thanks to TV ads, they have even started dictating which TV or refrigerator their parents should buy,\" said psychologist Dola Majumdar. Forever DependentPampering your children with gifts is not the same as letting them buy things which they crave, say experts. While it teaches them to take buying decisions which are often more informed than their parents, it also gives them a sense of liberty and confidence which is perhaps premature, they say.\"If you allow them to buy whatever they want and give them enough money to pick it up from a shop-shelf, you are actually making them grow up before time. Once you let that happen, you can't stop them from spending heavily even though they know they are wasting their parents' money. It makes them devalue money,\" says psychiatrist Amarnath Mallik.Spending is a habit which you need to develop according to your means, not your parents', experts warn. It also makes children dependent on parents.Psychiatrist Siladitya Ray came across an accountant who has been working for two years but still receives a monthly allowance from his father, a wealthy businessman. \"He is used to an air-conditioner at home, uses a laptop and multiple gadgets that he still can't afford on his own. But he can't do without them either so he has to accept a dole from his father. What's worrying is that he doesn't see anything wrong in this. Unless he can earn enough to support his expensive habits, he will always have to lean on his father,\" said Majumdar. They Want EverythingPampering them with gifts is turning children greedy, felt Amit Chakrabarty, psychologist. \"Once they set sights on something, they know it will be theirs. These days, youngsters need not even plead with their parents for something. It's enough to say that they want it. This not only takes away the pleasure of having something which you have desired for a long time, children refuse to take no for an answer. For they know that even if their parents refuse to buy them, they can have it with their pocket money,\" said Chakrabarty.Birthday parties are perhaps the best reflection of the changing times, says Supriyo Ray, father of a six-yearold. \"When we were young, it would be entirely up to our parents to prepare the guest list, decorate the home with balloons and streamers and food would be strictly home-cooked. I have been throwing birthday parties for my son at a restaurant for the last two years. I don't think my son will ever agree to a birthday bash at home,\" he said. Health ScareThe big spending habit is also ruining youngsters' health, doctors warn. Eating out and gorging on fast-food is the first thing that children do when they start receiving pocket money, said Shantanu Ray, paediatrcian.\"It takes less than six months to get hooked on junk food. Less than 10% manage to get out of the habit. This is one of the major reasons why obesity, gastroentiritis and even diabetes is now so common among adolescents,\" said Ray. He doesn't allow his two children to have fast-food more than once every fortnight. \"They are still very young and I plan not to give them pocket-money ever. But I know that there aren't many who would agree with me,\" he says.You can't be too strict with children either, argued Vijay Sharma, a businessman. \"My son went to a leading English-medium school and naturally picked up a few expensive habits. I didn't bar him from doing everything but told him that he should learn to be restrained and remember that it was my money, not his. It worked for he is no longer a big spender,\" Sharma said.You can never compensate for lack of quality time, says Chakrabarty. \"That's the easy way out for parents. Children stop complaining once parents turn generous with pocket-money. They love the freedom to be able to make their own purchases. But for parents, it's actually self-defeating. Those who spend enough time with their kids, need not bribe them,\" said Chakrabarty.CAUTION CALL Make sure that the pocket-money you allow is not unreasonable Keep a tab on their purchases Encourage them to save money Spend time with children because gifts and money cannot compensate for lack of parents' presence Make sure that children don't buy or spend on something that you have forbidden them to", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073109", "title": "'Purani Jeans' star returns, this time with Sufi album", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mention the words 'Purani Jeans' and the catchy nineties' melody inevitably comes to mind. Its singer, Ali Haider, may have left the business in 2009, but his pop songs have remained a mark of nostalgia. He's back now, in an avatar that's a far cry from his pop background - as a Sufi singer.Three years after he decided to quit singing, Karachi-based Haider is in town to talk about his new album, Kee Jana Main Kaun - eight Sufi tracks, which include poetry by Baba Bulleh Shah, Sultan Bahu and Josh Malihabadi. \"I left music when my son passed away as I was in deep shock. Forget singing, I wasn't even listening to music and started reading religious poetry instead. It resonated with my frame of mind at the time, as I was trying to find myself. Music made me popular, and I didn't know who I was without it,\" he says.Only last year, on the birth of his daughter - he named her Alishba, which means Ali ki shabi, or shadow of Ali - did he realize he had to return to music. \"Her birth is a gift, and it made me see that I couldn't stop living my life. I had become so detached and aloof, and knew that needed to change,\" he says. His friend had gifted him a book of Baba Bulleh Shah's poetry; on simply flipping its pages, it opened to Kee Jana Main Kaun. \"The words stuck with me and I composed the music in just half hour,\" says Haider.He sang the track without any music at first, and it was an emotional moment when the producer played him the version with music. \"I hadn't heard my voice to music in so long,\" he explains. He says working on the album brought him back to life, and he isn't worried about an adverse reaction from fans expecting a more peppy song from the once pop singer.\"Fans appreciate variety and want to hear different kinds of music from you. I will sing pop again as I want to be versatile. I don't want to stamp myself as only a Sufi singer, but the genre is why I am comfortable singing now,\" he says.He's been away since a while, and the change in the music industry, especially in India, has caught him off-guard. \"Independent music is still popular in Pakistan, but here commercial Bollywood music has taken over. Many talented artists, whose voices may not be suitable for film, are languishing now,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077183", "title": "Koyambedu-St Thomas Mount metro line by July next year", "text": "CHENNAI: Metro rail expects to complete laying of tracks on the 12-km Koyembedu-St Thomas Mount elevated stretch by July 2013. Hoisting, placing and welding of tracks are progressing fast on the viaduct between Koyambedu and Vadapalani and tracks have so far been laid for 200 metres.The stretch will serve as a showpiece for the project and trains are likely to be operated on the elevated line by the end of 2013.\"Tracks have been laid for 200 metres from Koyambedu. Works are on schedule and are expected to be completed by July next year. Around 4,000 tonnes of the 11,000 tonnes of rail have arrived. Tracks are being laid on the Koyambedu-Vadapalani stretch and inside the metro rail depot at Koyambedu where several lines will be laid to service and repair trains,\" said a senior Chennai metro rail official.Imported from a French firm that uses Tata Steel , the 18-metre-long rails are welded from end to end by a flash butt welding machine. A track master machine checks the alignment and gauge of the tracks as they are laid and fastened on to concrete platform on the viaduct. Metro rail tracks are ballast less.A joint Larson &amp; Toubro and Alstom Projects venture bagged the 449.22-crore contract to design and lay tracks for the 45-km network. The track work comprises 109 route km, including 15 route km inside the Koyambedu depot. The tracks will be standard gauge - the width between two rails will be 1,435 mm.Standard gauge is used in metro networks in Delhi, Bangalore and most cities across the world. It is preferred for urban mass transit system as it allows sharper turns - the turning radius of trains will be lesser when compared to broad gauge. Moreover, standard gauge will minimise land acquisition, reduce tunnel diameter and, thereby, the cost of construction.While the elevated viaduct between Koyambedu and Vadapalani is complete, works on the remaining viaduct on the 100 feet road are at different stages of progress. Station buildings are taking shape at Koyambedu, Vadapalani and Alandur while viaduct pillars have been raised and works on building the K K Nagar station are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074184", "title": "BEd aspirants clueless about admission guidelines", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what has turned into a harrowing experience for applicants, due to an incessant delay in receiving communication from the Panjab University, colleges offering Bachelor degree in Education (BEd) in city are clueless on the admission guidelines till date.Whether or not will there be an entrance exam for the admissions to over 540 seats in these colleges or it will be on the basis of a merit list, uncertainty prevails over the rules and criteria for admission .Incidentally, the prospectus approval from PU that came on April 14 last year, has still not reached colleges this time.\"We are not sure whether there will be an entrance exam or admissions will be on merit basis of graduation or post graduation marks. We are still waiting for some information from PU,\" says Jyoti Khanna, principal, Dev Samaj College of Education, sector 36.What adds to the worry of these colleges is that the final exams of the last batch, academic session that concluded in April-May 2012, were held along with other colleges yet the new session would be delayed.\"We are still waiting for some communication from PU. The exams were conducted at the same time this year as other colleges and hence the academic calendar must also be same. But applicants are enquiring about the courses and we hope PU releases some information soon,\" says Harsh Batra, principal of Government College of Education, Sector 20, who is also officiating principal for Government College for Yoga Education, Sector 23.Principals, heading these colleges, have no answer to queries of applicants about the admission process.PU functionaries on the other hand said the information will soon be conveyed to the colleges. \"I will be able to give any information on the matter on June 13 once the information sent by the PU authorities is verified,\" says Nandita, chairperson of Department of Education, PU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "14077585", "title": "More suspects in Special Investigation Team net", "text": "ARA: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the murder of Brahmeshwar Singh, alias Mukhiyaji, arrested one Krishnanand Singh from his house at Charitravan in Buxar late on Monday. Said to a close aide of a controversial JD-U MLA, he was brought to Ara Town police station and released after interrogation.The SIT also interrogated Nilnidhi Singh, former commander of the Ranvir Sena, for the second time. However, the probe team refused to divulge details.Meanwhile, the CJM court will hear on Wednesday the SIT's request for conducting narco and polygraph tests on Monu Rai and Sunny Singh alias Harshwardhan alias Rahul Singh. Monu is learnt to have told his interrogators that Abhay Pandey, son of Surendra Pandey, had asked for cartridges for 7.65mm pistol. Mukhiyaji was shot by a 7.65mm pistol on June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071856", "title": "Make Kumbh Mela a grand success: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has directed officials to take every possible measure to make Kumbh Mela, beginning in Allahabad from January 14, 2013, a great success.He said that the pilgrims visiting the mela should not face any problem. Laying stress on maintaining cleanliness and law and order, he said any laxity on this count would not be tolerated.Reviewing preparations being made for Kumbh Mela at a meeting held here on Tuesday, the chief minister asked the officials to ensure that there should be no shortage of water in the rivers for bathing by pilgrims at the Sangam.He said that all those industrial units, which pose threat of water pollution should be closed during mela.Minister for urban development, Mohd Azam Khan, who was also present in the meeting said that the pace of beautification of crossroads of Allahabad should be accelerated and the ongoing construction of Alopibagh flyover should be completed at all cost by November.He also asked the officials to make foolproof arrangements for avoiding traffic jams on roads in view of the large number of people visiting the mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14071028", "title": "Congress seeks probe into tampering of EVMs in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee president Captain Amarinder Singh has sought a probe into reports of tampering of electronic voting machines (EVMs) in Amritsar during the municipal elections.Amarinder Singh on Tuesday wrote to the chief election commissioner of India seeking detailed investigation about working of EVMs and how these can be made foolproof as some developed democracies have already reverted back to ballot papers. Referring to reports of EVM tampering in Amritsar by hackers hired by Akalis, the PCC president said that the Congress party in Punjab had been consistently maintaining that EVMs were not tamper-proof and had been manipulated time and again.\"The deputy commissioner of Amritsar had reportedly raised the matter with the state election commission for ordering repolling in some wards where some youth were found to be using wireless technology like WiFi and bluetooth to tamper with EVMs to alter the results,\" he said.The PCC president stated that similar things were reported during the assembly election as well and now these have been repeated in the municipal corporation elections. He pointed out that during the MC elections, total control of these machines lies with the state administration. He said the issue needs a be thoroughly investigation by technical experts. \"Otherwise, elections will hardly serve any purpose as long as the EVMs are programmed for a particular result as has been reported from different places,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14072588", "title": "Armyman wanted in woman murder case", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have issued a lookout circular to all the airports in the country to nab a serving Army officer who was allegedly involved in the murder of a pregnant woman in Gurgaon. The officer is missing since he and his family returned from a foreign trip recently.The officer and the deceased woman knew each other for a long time. Two men, including an Army jawan, have so far been arrested in connection with the case. According to a police source, the two men said in their statement that the serving officer was also involved in the murder. The Army officer, posted in Delhi, has his house in Gurgaon. According to the source, the officer recently returned from abroad but did not contact the Gurgaon police. The Sector 56 police on May 25 arrested jawan Ramji Yadav, posted at the Army headquarters in Delhi, in connection with the pregnant woman's murder. The next day, the police arrested his associate. The two are in judicial custody at present.The woman, identified as Rekha , was found dead in a deserted area in Ghata village on May 19. The woman, unmarried and two months pregnant, was stabbed several times. According to the police, Rekha, a native of Sohn live alone in a rented house in Sukhrali village. \"There is no evidence against the Army officer as of now,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077225", "title": "Madras high court permits lawyers' rally", "text": "CHENNAI: The right to freedom of expression, which includes demonstrations or rallies, could not be suppressed unless such freedom would endanger the community interest, the Madras high court said, permitting lawyers and others to take out a rally from Monroe Statue to the state guest house at Chepauk.Justice K Chandru passed the order, on a petition filed by G Pavendan against an order passed by the city commissioner of police seeking to restrict the proposed rally from Rajarathinam Stadium to Langs Garden Road in Egmore. Advocates and others planned the rally on Wesnesday protesting against the 'poor' CBI investigation into the Satish Kumar murder case. Advocates will also boycott court proceedings for on Wednesday on the same issue. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075422", "title": "Cabinet expansion on CM\u2019s mind", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa may be preparing fresh grounds for his 'oust-DVS ' campaign, but chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda is unruffled and is looking ahead to expand his cabinet, and said as much on Tuesday.Gowda said the cabinet should have been expanded months ago, but elections to the Upper House delayed the process. \"I will visit New Delhi shortly and seek permission from the leaders for cabinet expansion,\" he told reporters. The chief minister, who has more than 20 portfolios with him, also indicated that a drastic reshuffle of portfolios among the existing ministers was also on the cards. After lying low for some time, Yeddyurappa is expected to renew his mission to oust Gowda and make efforts to install rural development and panchayat raj RDPR) minister Jagadish Shettar, another Lingayat, as chief minister ahead of the assembly polls early next year.With the chief minister announcing his intentions on cabinet expansion, ministerial aspirants in the BJP led by CT Ravi and Appachu Ranjan are planning to visit the capital and urge party president Nitin Gadkari to give the green signal for the much-awaited expansion. These two will carrying a signature campaign for expansion, signed by nearly 50 legislators asking for changes in the cabinet.Referring to massive cross-voting by BJP in the Upper House polls, Gowda said it had marred the image of Karnataka, and the national parties - BJP and Congress - need to introspect as cross-voting has taken place in both parties. In the election held for 11 seats, Congress's official candidate Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi was defeated on account of cross-voting by six MLAs. Though 12 MLAs from the BJP cross-voted, all its six candidates won the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14069603", "title": "Trinamool students wing vandalizes Bengal university", "text": "KOLKATA: Five members of the Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP), student wing of Trinamool Congress , were arrested on Tuesday after they went on a rampage at the BT Road campus of Rabindra Bharati University on Kolkata's fringes.Among those arrested for ransacking the vice-chancellor's room and the conference room were students and office bearers of the students' union.They were arrested after VC Chinmay Guha made a distress call to Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee who then intervened.Non-teaching employees loyal to the ruling Trinamool were assaulted when they tried to resist the students.Students and employees of the university said the problem started after noon. Witnesses said a group of TMCP activists, including the general secretary and president of the students' union, stormed into the cabin of the VC. They claimed the attackers were armed with hockey sticks, lathis, cricket bats and stumps.\"They started breaking the furniture and window panes of the room. They even damaged the CCTV installed there,\" said an eye witness.Before ransacking the room, the accused reportedly entered the main server room of the recently installed CCTVs.The students then barged into the conference room and damaged telephones, glass panes and furniture.They also clashed with a group of non-teaching employees who tried to resist them. These non-teaching employees are members of Trinamool-backed Sara Bangla Viswavidyala Siksha Bandhu Samity. Four employees, including the vice-chancellor's driver were beaten up.The vice-chancellor alerted higher education minister Bratya Basu, who advised him to get in touch with the CM. \"I informed her and she assured me that stern action would be taken against the hoodlums,\" said Guha.Soon a team from Sinthee police station reached the spot. On the basis of the complaint lodged by the university administration, four of the rioting students were arrested under non-bailable charges.Three of the accused were identified as Aliur Mondal, general secretary of the students' union, Dhiman Seal, president of the union and Asifur Rahman an influential leader of the university unit of TMCP.Initially, TMCP leadership denied their role in the rampage and even refused to acknowledge that the accused were members of the outfit. Later, the organization's state president Shanku Panda said, \"We have suspended the students union and till further order, the body will remain defunct.\" Panda also hinted that he may take action against the accused.The vice-chancellor said he was targeted by the union leaders as he did not buckle under pressure from the union to admit more students.\"According to directions issued by higher education ministry, we increased the number of seats by 10% after speaking to the departmental heads. Unreasonable demands however cannot be met,\" said the vice-chancellor.Sources said the students' union for the past few years was garnering huge revenue by admitting excess students.Sources also claimed that that some members of the union were downloading admission forms from the website and selling the printouts to the candidates. \"The vice-chancellor was furious and had warned the union. This could have led to the rampage,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14074002", "title": "Erratic supply forces people to skip work", "text": "NEW DELHI: With no water supply for several months, residents of Raj Nagar in Palam Colony have lost all faith in the system. In absolute desperation, Ritu Singh had to first shift to her mother's home in Sarita Vihar for around 13 days and then to her sister-in-law's residence in East of Kailash for another two during her son's Class X exams this March.\"We have sent letters to everyone in DJB, met officials, filed complaints but there has been no respite. I have a DJB meter in my house for which I am charged Rs 50 each month but for water we only get one tanker a week. Sometimes, even that is stopped,\" she said.Disruption in water supply has not only led to a shortage of drinking water but people have had to miss office, cancel social commitments and miss important appointments Chetram works as a guard in GK-I. He is supposed to work till 8pm but each evening he leaves for his home in Zamrudpur as that is the only time when they get water. \"My daily schedule is tied down to the time of supply,\" he says.Dwarka's Esha Govind says that last week she missed office for two days as there was no water in her house. \"After two days I finally went to my friend's house in south Delhi to take a bath. It was too embarrassing to say why I missed office and finally said I had been unwell,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14070906", "title": "Truck crushes cop to death", "text": "INDORE: A speeding brick-laden truck crushed a 55-year-old senior constable (traffic) to death at Khajarana on Tuesday noon. The deceased, identified as Ram Suresh Singh, 55, son of Trilok Singh, died on the spot.Traffic police inspector Arvind Tiwari said that Singh was on duty on his motorcycle (MP09/MM9117) when the recklessly driven truck (MP13/E0870) hit him from behind between Velocity talkies and Ring Road. The constable made attempts to gain control after the hit but lost balance due to the impact and came under the wheels of the truck. His head was crushed under the rear wheels of the truck.The unidentified truck driver parked his truck some 20 meters and fled away from the spot, said Tiwari.The senior constable (traffic) belonged to Bhind district and was living in Vijay Nagar locality in the city. His son Anil is attached with Rajendra Nagar police while another son Satyendra is a home guard. His daughter is married. As Singh lived in Vijay Nagar locality, he was deployed to nearby localities said Tiwari.Tiwari maintained that the accident occurred when the senior constable (traffic) attempted to stop the brick-laden truck from the restricted city limits. Police have announced Rs 20,000 for immediate relief, said Tiwari.Police sent the body to MY Hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14077882", "title": "Unchecked sim cards come in handy for rebels", "text": "RANCHI: Lapses on the part of private telecom operators have come handy for Naxalites in Jharkhand. The rebels are buying sim cards without furnishing their photographs, address proofs and identity cards in connivance with retailers.Taking a serious note of this, inspector general of (IG) police M S Bhatia has decided to convene a meeting of telecom operators to check the menace.Police sources said, \"A network of sim card retailers works in Ranchi and other districts through which the rebels buy the sim cards. These cards are bought at a cost 10 to 20 times higher than the original one,\" said a source.A zonal commander of People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) Lakha Pahan, who was arrested from Khunti district recently, has disclosed to police that such a network of retailers exists in Ranchi.Khunti SP M Tamilvanan said Pahan had confessed before police that he gave Rs 5,000 to a Ranchi-based operator to get 10 sim cards. \"I had not given any photograph, address proof or identity card for the same,\" Pahan said in his confessional statement to police. All the sim cards were prepaid ones.The Naxalites use such sim cards to make extortion calls.\"Unlike post paid connections, the telecom operators don't pay much attention in scrutinizing the subscribers' idenitity while issuing prepaid connections,\" said the Khunti SP.According to department of telecom (vigilance) officials, more than 100 FIRs have been filed against defaulting telecom operators in Jharkhand and Bihar in the past six months.Hazaribagh SP Pankaj Kamboj had even sent a retailer to jail in January this year. \"In the wake of Naxalites and criminals misusing sim cards, I had issued a warning to retailers in January. They have been asked to issue sim cards only to those who come to buy it in person,\" said Kamboj.Explaining the modus operandi the IG, who has worked as SP in many districts in both Bihar and Jharkhand, said, \"The retailers use photocopies of address proofs and identity cards furnished by innocent villagers to get sim cards activated for the Naxalites.\" The photograph of a different person and the address proof and identity card of another person is used for the purpose.A plenty of such cases have been unearthed too. The mobile number of a PLFI rebel, who was arrested a few months ago in Khunti district, belonged to a Jamshedpur-based businessman.Concerned with the easy of sim cards to Naxalites, the IG has planned to convene a meeting. \"This is a serious violation of law and will soon call all the private telecom operators and ask them to follow the rule or be ready face action,\" said the IG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14076123", "title": "Elephant Roopa to stay, get friend", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Roopa, the only elephant in Kankaria zoo, may get to stay in the city after all. The elephant committee, currently visiting zoos all over the country to check the living conditions of elephants, is learnt to have acknowledged that Roopa is living in a good, maintained environment and that there does not seem to be any urgent need to shift her out of the city.The elephant committee was in the city recently and reviewed the conditions in which Roopa lives in the zoo. \"The committee members expressed satisfaction over the conditions in which Roopa is living,\" sources said. Interestingly, members of the elephant committee learnt to have told zoo officials that they will recommend that a female elephant be transferred to stay with Roopa from another zoo where the conditions are not very suitable.\"There are certain zoos where the elephants are not being kept in good conditions. After the all-India review is over, we may recommend some female elephant to be transferred to Ahmedabad zoo to keep Roopa company,\" the committee members are reported to have told zoo officials.Roopa is the only surviving elephant at Kankaria after her mate Ashok died in 2011. Roopa had also delivered a baby elephant some years ago but it did not survive for long. The elephant committee was set up as part of the Project Elephant constituted on the lines of Project Tiger to safeguard the elephants in the country. It was declared under this project that no elephant should be allowed to be kept in a zoo or circus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "14074981", "title": "\u2018DSK tried to seduce France\u2019s new First Lady\u2019", "text": "PARIS: Shamed former International Monetary Fund (IMF) chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn once tried to seduce France's new First Lady Valerie Trierweiler, but she snubbed him, claims a new book.Strauss-Kahn, married to TV presenter Anne Sinclair, approached Trierweiler while she was working as a political reporter in Paris ten years ago. He asked her, \"and how is the prettiest journalist in Paris?\"Trierweiler, now 47, hit back swiftly, \"I thought that was Anne Sinclair.\"According to The Daily Mail, the latest revelations have been made in a new biography by French journalists Raphaelle Bacque and Ariane Chemin.The book, called 'Les Strauss-Khan', also recounts how former President Nicolas Sarkozy \"laughed uncontrollably\" when told that Strauss-Kahn had been caught with prostitutes at a woodland orgy in Paris.Strauss-Kahn, once tipped as the next president of France, then became embroiled in a catalogue of sex scandals after being arrested for trying to rape a New York hotel chambermaid in May last year.After being held in a New York prison, criminal charges were dropped and he returned to France only to face similar accusations of sexually abusing a young French writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071460", "title": "Martyr memorial plan aborted", "text": "NAGPUR: It shows the scant respect we show to freedom fighters who had liberated the country. A proposal to build a 'shahid smarak' (martyr memorial) in the city has been gathering dust for a decade.As part of the tercentenary celebrations of the city in 2002, a plan was mooted to build a martyr memorial for the 93 activists of the Lal Sena of the city who had participated in the freedom struggle. The Nagpur Improvement Trust was entrusted with the task to build it. A piece of land adjacent to Zero Mile was earmarked for it after a petrol pump located there was shifted.Incidentally, senior leader Shivajirao Moghe was the guardian minister of the district when the proposal was conceived. A decade later, he is back in the same position and has revived the plan. After several citizens and members of Kranitveer Maganlal Bagdi Smarak Samiti protested over the inordinate delay in finalizing plans for the memorial, Moghe held an official meeting of all agencies concerned on Tuesday. But apparently, things are moving backwards once again.It was decided that the chosen site at Zero Mile is too small and any edifice built there would be too cramped. So now, the administration will begin from a scratch looking for a new site. \"We have suggested two or three new sites to the district collector where an imposing structure befitting the status of the freedom fighters could be built. It should have enough space for people to move around and also some parking space,\" Moghe told TOI after the meeting.Not at all happy with way things are moving, veteran social workers Umesh Choube and Ramesh Gaur have demanded that since NIT was not interested in expediting the project, it should be handed over to NMC and time-bound plan be finalized for its execution. \"Monthly meetings should be held to monitor the progress of the plan. Freedom fighters should be taken on board to finalize plans and the memorial should be on lines of those built in Patna and New Delhi,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14085673", "title": "Aakash: IIT-Bombay testing upgraded version", "text": "NEW DELHI: UK-based Datawind today said IIT-Bombay is in the process of testing low-cost tablet PC 'Aakash' with upgraded specifications proposed by it.\"IIT Bombay is in the process of testing the samples and developing applications and content for engineering colleges,\" Datawind CEO Sunit Singh Tuli told PTI.He added the samples are as per the Aakash-2 specifications proposed by DataWind and issued by IIT-Bombay's order.Datawind has submitted 100 samples to IIT-Bombay and the institute is expected to provide a feedback in a couple of weeks.Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal had said the specifications for the revised version of 'Aakash' will be finalised by the end of June.\"During the course of this month, we will finalise the specifications and technology for the Aakash project and move forward with its manufacturing,\" Sibal had said.Datawind had hit headlines in October last year when it unveiled 'Aakash', to be supplied to the HRD Ministry at Rs 2,276 a piece. The government, in turn, had to give about one lakh of these tablets to the students at subsidised price Rs 1,100-1,200 each.However, IIT-Rajasthan, the nodal agency for the 'Aakash' project, had rejected the tablet for not meeting performance criteria and the project had to be shifted to IIT-Bombay.Ever since the launch last year, the project has been running behind schedule.Meanwhile, Datawind launched a commercial version of the tablet in April this year in the price range of Rs 3,000- 4,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "14083838", "title": "Two more succumb to encephalitis in UP, toll climbs to 101", "text": "GORAKHPUR: Two children succumbed to encephalitis here, taking the toll in the viral disease in eastern Uttar Pradesh to 101 this year.The two children hailing from Gorakhpur and Sidhharthanagar died on Tuesday at the Baba Raghav Das Medical College Hospital, health officials said on Wednesday.They said a total of 421 patients showing symptoms of encephalitis have been admitted to the hospital and adjoining district hospitals this year.While some of the patients were suffering from Japanese Encephalitis (JE), most of them were suffering from Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES).The JE spreads due to mosquito bites while AES spreads due to viruses present in contaminated water", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074543", "title": "Power cuts in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the rest of the city reels under frequent power cuts, the 'VIP areas' housing its bureaucrats and other who's who continue to enjoy uninterrupted supply.Topping the list is Sector 7-A, having the official residence of UT finance-cum-engineering secretary V K Singh, who handles the power department directly. The sector has had only a single breakdown of a few minutes in the entire season, on Sunday. Other areas getting preferential treatment include sectors 16 and 24, where there is seldom a blackout.How does this happen?UT's electricity department has made a special provision for these sectors \u2014 a stand-by supply source ready in case any fault develops in the main line feeding these sectors.The transformers are promptly connected to either the supply from 66KV power station in Sector 12, the one behind the secretariat or the supply from Kishangarh to ensure uninterrupted supply.\"The same system could be adopted in other sectors too to save people from prolonged breakdowns. But the authorities don't want to put too much load on these lines lest the elite sectors should suffer,\" alleged Gopal Dutt Joshi, secretary, UT Powermen Union.Delayed upgradationUT administration's much-awaited plan to set up a new power substation in Sector 34 to strengthen infrastructure is behind schedule. The project has got delayed as land could not be made available to the electricity department in time.Undeclared loadWith every power cut, the administration has blamed the undeclared load due to indiscriminate installation of airconditioners, making cables melt and transformers burn out.But, UT is at a loss to explain why its enforcement wing is not conducting an aggressive drive to identify defaulters. Sources in the electricity department pointed out that feedback forms have still not been sent out to a large section of households. Till now, only 5,000 filled in the forms sent along with the bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14079799", "title": "49 years after Nehru dedicated Bhakra dam to nation, displaced people awaits rehabilitation", "text": "SHIMLA: Bhakra dam was completed in 1970s but 40 years later people displaced for its construction are still struggling to get their dues from the government. The affected villagers are yet to be completely rehabilitated and recompensed. Seeing the government failing to address the grievances, which are pending for over four decades, the affected people have decided to intensify their struggle for justice.Convener of Himalaya Niti Abhiyan, Ghuman Singh said that 14 units of people displaced by Bhakra dam had held a meeting in the last two days to formulate a strategy for an agitation. Singh said a decision was taken to form an independent people tribunal in September 2012 at Bhakra under which the displaced people would put out their issues before the jury of retired judges and bureaucrats. \"The jury will release its report in October,\" he said.Displaced people have decided to participate in the proceedings of independent people tribunal by taking out a procession. As no political party is ready to address issues pending for last 40 years, now displaced people have decided to publish the plight of displaced people in a book titled \"Visthapiton ki dastan.\"\"While discussing the recent judgment of apex court providing 7.19% share from power generation to Himachal Pradesh , the displaced people have demanded that revenue generated through this should be spent on their welfare activities,\" Singh said.He said people awaiting their demands to be met have suggested that government should set up a new department or authority for the development of people displaced by Bhakra dam.Ghuman Singh said that as per the rehabilitation policy of 1971, very few families have got land in lieu of land acquired for the dam. Manshi Asher, environment activist and researcher, recounted the horror of thousands getting displaced when villages in Bilaspur district were submerged by Sutlej for the Bhakhra Dam to stand tall.Asher said on April 9, 2009 around 2,000 people were rendered homeless by Bhakhra, Kol, Pandoh and Pong dams. These people took to the streets of Bilaspur, marking a historical rally but their grievances were not addressed by the government.Bhakra dam is among the earliest river valley development schemes undertaken by India after independence, though the project had been conceived long before India became a free nation. Its preliminary works commenced in 1946 while construction started in 1948. First Prime Minister of India Jawahar Lal Nehru had poured the first bucket of concrete into the foundations of Bhakra on November 17, 1955 and the dam was completed by the end of 1963. Successive stages were completed by the early 1970s.In October 1963 at the ceremony to mark the dedication of the Bhakra-Nangal project to the nation, Jawaharlal Nehru had said, \"This dam has been built with the unrelenting toil of man for the benefit of mankind and therefore is worthy of worship. May you call it a temple or a gurdwara or a mosque, it inspires our admiration and reverence\". But ironically, 49 years after Nehru's address, people who gave their lands for the construction of dam are still running from, pillar to post as they have yet to get their dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14074256", "title": "Vijay Sai slaps legal notices on CM", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jaganmohan Reddy's financial auditor V Vijay Sai Reddy on Tuesday slapped legal notices on chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, TDP president Chandrababu Naidu and three others for defaming Jagan and levelling 'unsubstantiated charges' against him. Vijay Sai urged the chief minister to observe restraint and demanded an unconditional apology from Naidu and the others failing which he threatened to launch criminal prosecution proceedings against them.In the legal notice, Vijay Sai referred to the various statements of the chief minister and Naidu at the recent bypoll meetings including Kiran Kumar speaking about a 14-year jail term for Jagan.He asked the chief minister Kiran Kumar to observe restraint and not make any such statements.Apart from Naidu, MLA Revanth Reddy, MLC Rajendra Prasad and spokesperson Varla Ramaiah were the other TDP leaders served the notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14073698", "title": "Pre-monsoon delayed by a week: Met office", "text": "LUDHIANA: After pleasant weather lasted a few days in the city, it's time again for soaring temperatures to make a comeback.Weather experts at Punjab Agricultural University have suggested that pre-monsoon showers are likely to be delayed by a week as the rains arrived five days late in Kerala. \"It remained pleasant due to the rain and windstorms.However, the past couple of days have been dry and that's the reason mercury is set to rise once again,\" said Kulwinder Kaur Gill, an associate agrometeorologist.No rain in sight for 2-3 daysThe maximum temperature on Monday was 39 degrees celsius, and on Tuesday it is likely to be around 42 degrees celsius. \"The weather is likely to remain clear and dry for the next three days due to which temperature will gradually rise. However, monsoon will be good if the temperature increases gradually in the next few days. The pre-monsoon showers that used to hit the city around June 15 are already delayed by a week as the monsoon reached Kerala late by five days,\" she added.\"The humidity levels too have witnessed a drop during the last few days. On Monday, the humidity in the morning and evening was 56% and 26%, respectively, whereas on Tuesday, the humidity would be around 44% and 20%,\" the expert said. Meanwhile, the residents are preferring to stay indoors most of the time.Says Sheenam Chawla, a student and resident of Civil Lines, \"Last week, the weather was pleasant as it had rained. However, it's suddenly really hot again and I got out only during evening.\" Another resident, Kanwaljeet Singh, a businessman of Model Town, says, \"The weather has started to show its bite as it has become too hot. We are praying for pre-monsoon showers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071978", "title": "UP government may shift primary teachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The government is considering transferring all those primary teachers who are working at the same place for a long time.Announcing this on the floor of the assembly during the question hour, parliamentary affairs minister Mohammed Azam Khan said that the action was mooted to ensure discipline among teachers, against whom there were complaints that they were not taking classes in primary schools set up in remote areas.Long stay of teachers at one place of their postings, the minister said is not good for the working of the schools and therefore, such teachers would be transferred to other places.With regard to another question raised by Radhamohan Das Agarwal of BJP, Azam Khan said that the government had no plan to slash the VAT on the petrol/diesel in the state. \"The VAT rate is much less in the state in comparison to many other states. Moreover, the VAT had not been changed in the state since 2009, while the Centre had revised the petrol/diesel prices over one dozen times since then. So, the Centre was to be blamed for the hike of fuel prices,\" he said.As for the recruitment of the BEd passed candidates as primary teachers in the state, the minister said that the state had sought the permission for this purpose from the Centre, which had fixed a guideline to this effect.On its part, he said that the state had decided to give such candidates special BTC training before their recruitment as primary teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14071320", "title": "Calicut University tries to retrieve lost answer sheets", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University, which had delayed publishing the results of over 3,000 B A, B Sc and B Com degree students for over five months after the university lost track of their answer sheets, will launch an intensive drive to retrieve the 'missing' answer sheets.The emergency meeting of the syndicate examination standing committee on Tuesday, however, found that the delay in publishing the results of 1,800 B Sc students was owing to lapses in the entry of the results of the practical examinations into the computer system. The varsity will conduct an intensive search to track down the answer sheets of the remaining students.A member of the syndicate standing committee said the results of the B Sc degree students would be published in the next two days.\"As for the B A, B Com and BBA courses, several answer sheets have been misplaced and we have launched an intensive search process covering colleges, valuation camps and the university cellars to retrieve them,\" he said.Making a mockery of the valuation system, the varsity was able to publish the result of only 50 per cent of the students in January 2012. Over the last five months, the varsity had announced that the remaining results would be published in a staggered manner and that still around 3,000 students were waiting for their results.The entire Choice Based Credit Semester System (CCSS) in the varsity has been affected following the delay in the publication of the fourth semester results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073144", "title": "CBI rapped for delay in missing Adarsh files case", "text": "MUMBAI: In August 2011, the Bombay High Court rapped the CBI after it failed to file the chargesheet on time in the missing Adarsh file case. On July 5, the Esplanade court granted bail to three state urban development (UD) officers in the case. Justice Ranjana Desai was hearing a related Public Interest Litigation filed by activist Simpreet Singh, whose lawyer told the court that the accused in the missing file case were given bail as the chargesheet could not be filed in 60 days. Responding to this, the judge said, \"The CBI seems to be taking the matter very lightly. This should not have happened. Why did you not file a chargesheet in time?\"The court also directed the CBI to name the officers investigating the case and said it would take appropriate action against them. \"If this is the manner in which you are handling the case, the petitioners will be right in saying they have no faith in you (the CBI),\" Justice Desai said. \"Expedite the investigation. You cannot be going at your own pace.\"On April 15, 2011 a magistrate court had similarly granted bail to Dharmendrakumar Chaudhari, a security guard at a resort. Chaudhari was arrested for allegedly raping a 29-year-old woman who was attending a company conference at the resort in Lonavla in December 2010. After giving the bail order, judicial magistrate first class Umeshchandra More asked the investigating officer why the chargesheet was not filed within the stipulated 90 days. The Pune rural police suspended sub-inspector Jitendra Kadam of the local crime branch for not filing the chargesheet on time.More recently on May 29, the special CBI court granted bail to the nine accused in the Adarsh housing society scam case on the same grounds. In its reply to the bail applications, the CBI told the court that it was investigating to see if two IPC sections -- 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servant or by banker, merchant or agent) and 467 (forgery of valuable security) -- could be added to the existing charges. If the sections are added, the time limit for filing the chargesheet would extend by 30 days. However, while dictating the order, special CBI Judge M V Kulkarni said, \"This court is not dwelling on the question of the title of the land. The court is looking into the offence that involves conspiracy, abetment and misuse of official position.... How an offence is committed under IPC sections 409 and 467 has not been satisfactorily explained by the CBI.\"Times ViewThe delay in filing chargesheets shows the relevant investigating agencies in extremely poor light. Some of these cases have hit headlines nationally (Adarsh and Malegaon) and some deal with law-and-order problems that are critical at the local level (drunken driving and rape). Such delays lead to questions being asked about the investigating agency's will in closing a case quickly. Agencies, both local and national, need to think of the impact such delays have on the cases under trial as well as the message being sent out to accused in other similarly sensitive cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14071005", "title": "11 foreigners among 18 tourists stranded in Pin valley", "text": "SHIMLA: The Lahaul-Spiti administration on Tuesday decided to airlift 18 tourists, 11 foreigners and seven Indians, stranded in the region's Pin valley since June 6. The visitors were marooned after a glacier collapsed and washed away a concrete road. Besides, a temporary ropeway installed for the rescue was also washed away in the floods. Now, the Lahaul-Spiti administration has decided to airlift the stranded people on Wednesday, if weather remains favourable.The glacier that came sliding down not only damaged the Pin-Targu-Mud road but also the bridge connecting Pin valley to the Spiti region. About 15-20 feet of mud has accumulated at the collapse site and blocked Kit rivulet. \"A group of students from Delhi were also among the tourists. Fortunately, they managed to make their way and returned back home,\" said a local resident.The tourists are lucky that they are stranded close to a village and have been getting food and water. They were staying at a government rest house at Guling village but now have been shifted to Sagnam village, where there is a helipad.While Kunzum pass opened for vehicular traffic on Tuesday, a large number of domestic and foreign tourists had already reached Spiti valley through the Shimla-Kinnaur route. \"Among the stranded people there was a group of JNU students who have safely crossed the broken patch and have returned to Delhi,\" said Cheering, a Kaza resident.\"The administration tried to rescue tourists by installing a ropeway. We have now asked for a chopper to airlift the remaining 18 tourists,\" said Hemis Negi, Kaza Sub-Divisional magistrate. Negi added that the embassies of Israel and Britain have been informed about their stranded nationals. \"If the weather is not hostile then the tourists will be evacuated on Wednesday,\" Negi said.In June 2010, a group of 33 tourists from Mumbai including women and children were stranded after eight days of uninterrupted snowfall. The tourists were later airlifted from Batal in Spiti to Manali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "14070679", "title": "One more killed in mishap at illegal mine in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: Just a few days after the Supreme Court issued notices to the state government over illegal mining in Alwar, a man was killed and another injured at an illegal mine Narayanpur area in the district on Tuesday.Initially the police were saying that the victims were involved in illegal mining but later they changed the stand saying that the man was killed in a freak accident when the brakes of his truck broke down.According to the police, the incident took place near the hills at Dhamda village around 6.30 am. According to the police, three locals -- Ram Singh, Girraj and Manoj -- had left their homes in the morning. \"They had loaded garbage and gravel lying near a sewerage line onto a tractor. The tractor was parked unattended while the trio were smoking nearby after finishing the job,\" said Narayanpur police station in-charge Umesh Beniwal.He added that the brakes of the stationed truck suddenly broke down. \"It started moving and ran over Ram Singh. It hit Manoj and he sustained severe injuries on his legs,\" said the officer.Beniwal said that by the time police, forest and mining department officials arrived at the spot, Ram Singh had died. \"Manoj was rushed to a hospital where he is undergoing treatment. His condition is stable but serious,\" the officer said.However, the same policemen at Narayanpur police station had said in the morning that the trio was involved in illegal mining.\"We recorded the statement of Ram Singh's father in the afternoon. He said that his son and two others had gone to collect garbage and gravel. He has expressed ignorance whether the three men were carrying out illegal mining,\" said Beniwal. Some locals told TOI that there are several illegal mines in the area where the mishap took place on Tuesday.It was only on Friday that the Supreme Court issued notices to the state government on a petition alleging that despite a ban, illegal mining was continuing in Alwar district.A vacation bench of Justice S Radhakrishnan and Justice J S Khehar issued the notices on a petition filed by an NGO, Society for Awareness and Development, which said that despite two bans imposed in 2005 and 2010, illegal mining was continuing unabated in 11 villages of Tijara and Bhiwadi tehsils. Five laboures had died in a mishap at an illegal mine in Bhiwadi area of the district on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069100", "title": "Dad hit by train, kid in his arms survives", "text": "NEW DELHI: A two-year-old girl miraculously survived after her father, who was carrying her, was hit by a train moving at over 80 km/hr. Though he died on the spot, the impact knocked the girl, Pooja, out his hands and flung her into the air. \"She landed in the nearby bushes about five metres away. The child did receive injuries but will survive,'' said Sanjay Bhatia, additional DCP (railways).The train driver of the Kalka Mail informed the station master of the next station, Badli, about the incident and railway workers subsequently discovered the child, said sources. The incident was reported late on Wednesday night from the Samaipur Badli area in outer Delhi when the father-daughter duo were trying to cross the tracks illegally at 9.09 pm. The driver had halted the train for over seven minutes after the incident.The deceased, a barber, has been identified as 25-year-old Rajesh Thakur, a native of Madhubani district in Bihar. Pooja has been admitted in Baba Saheb Ambedkar hospital where she is undergoing treatment.\"It seems that Thakur failed to spot the speeding train that was headed towards Karnal in Haryana from Delhi as another train had just crossed the tracks from the opposite side. Though both victims were rushed to Baba Saheb Ambedkar hospital, Thakur was declared dead on arrival by the doctors,\" said the railway officer. Thakur lived with his wife Rinku Devi and three daughters - Rani (5), Kusum (3) and Pooja. He ran a barber shop in Sanjay Gandhi Transport Nagar and was the family's sole breadwinner. The incident is being probed by the railway police.A senior railway officer claimed that the number of accidents at railway tracks would come down in the Delhi railway division if people paid heed to basic safety measures and desisted from crossing tracks illegally. From five accidents in 2010-11 in which eight people were killed, the number has come down to three accidents in 2011-12 in which seven people were killed.The officer said safety awareness campaigns were being carried out to raise awareness. However, locals said there were inadequate overbridges in the area which forced them to cross tracks dangerously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14084713", "title": "Meet Dhomoni and Trenlet of Hemlock Society", "text": "Senior actors newa baron chhilo na toh,\" said Srijit Mukherji, when we asked him whether casting older actors was to add weigh to his latest directorial venture, Hemlock Society. \"I wanted the impact of the characters to be long-lasting,\" he said, adding, \"Each of these roles are important in their own ways.\"The senior actors we are talking about are, of course, Soumitra Chatterjee, Sabitri Chattopadhyay, Barun Chanda and Sabyasachi Chakrabarty, each of whom play roles that are, according to the director, \"tailor-made\". \"I couldn't think of anyone other than Barun Chanda to play Trenlet Biswas's role in the film. I wanted to work with the actors I have gown up watching in movies.\"Barun Chanda, who worked in a play Feluda Pherot with Srijit when he was in Bangalore, is all praise for the director. \"Srijit is just two films old but his confidence level is very high. I play a professor who teaches people how to commit suicide on train tracks. The trains here run behind schedule, unlike those in London,\" joked the actor. \"That's why, it's important to calculate the time lag before taking the plunge! Srijit wanted me to fake a British accent and have a dead-pan expression on my face.\"Why do the characters in \"HS\" have such weird names? \"Some amount of punning is there plus I like the lyrical sound of the names. Sabyasachi Chakrabarty's character is called Dhomoni Ghosh,\" explained the director. Sabyasachi plays a professor cum doctor who teaches students to commit suicide by slashing the veins. \"Dhomoni is matter-of-fact, much like Benuda. Dhomoni's sense of humour is dry, very unlike Benuda's in real life. It's a pleasure to work with such a methodical actor like him,\" said Srijit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14076386", "title": "Maharashtra to audit all jails after Pune prison murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government is all set to undertake a security audit of all its jails in the wake of the recent murder of Qateel Siddiqui inside Yerawada prison. Medha Gadgil, principal secretary, home department (security and appeals) said, \"To avoid the reoccurrence of such incidents, the home department will undertake a security audit of all jails in the state. The department will even issue directives that need to be followed by all jails in order to maintain tight security.\"On June 8, Siddiqui was strangled inside the jail by two inmates, Sharad Mohol and Alok Bhalerao. Siddiqui allegedly was an accused in the German bakery blast case. In 2011, Siddiqui was brought to Mumbai by the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) in connection with the Pune blast probe.This isn't the first high-profile murder on jail premises. In 2002, gangster Chhota Rajan's close aide O P Singh was killed in Nashik jail by an inmate.In a reply to a query on lapses in jail security, Gadgil said, \"The security audit is not limited to the murder. The audit will look into other security lapses (if any) in other jails. Measures will be taken to enhance the security system of the jail,\" Gadgil said. Minister of state for home Satej Patil has asked officials to focus on security as well as increasing the number of jails in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "14073465", "title": "Her stories are not short on praise", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Inderjeet Pal Kaur has a way with words and loves pouring out her emotions on paper, when she gets to writing. Busy penning another short story book these days, Inderjeet feels that writing can be an excellent way to channel untapped creativity. \"Seeing my inspiration turn into words on the page and ultimately a story, gives me a high like nothing else I've ever achieved. Yes. I'm passionate about writing,\" quips Inderjeet.Two of her short story books have already been published and by the end of this year her third book would also be out in market.Talking about her background, Inderjeet says, \"My father and husband have served the Indian Army. Thanks to that I have had the chance to meet many people and stay in various states of India. The experiences have added to my knowledge and matured me as a writer.\" Post-graduate in zoology, Inderjeet adds, \"I started writing right from my college days and till 2001 I had never even thought of publishing my work, but a chance meeting with a scholar changed my outlook.\"Comfortable writing in Hindi, many of her short stories have also been published in popular magazines. She says, \"Once I visited a bookstore where I overheard a scholar praising my work which was published in a magazine. Later, the bookstore owner told the scholar about me and he was thrilled to meet me.\" She adds, \"Both, the book store owner and scholar, advised me to publish my work, so in 2004 I came out with my first book, 'Saleeb-2001'. The book was published in Hindi and later translated into Punjabi.\"Inderjeet says, \"My first book received overwhelming response. This boosted my morale and gave me the required confidence to keep writing. Following this I started working on another short story book, 'Kashni Sharare Wali Kudi' in Punjabi, which was published in 2009.\"A member of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, Inderjeet says, \"For any writer, the short story is the perfect medium to connect with masses. These can be every bit as moving and memorable as their much longer cousins, novels. Also short stories are excellent for writing about a single incident, idea or happening. And my short storied have something for everyone \u2014 young or old.\"Boasting of a huge library back home, Inderjeet says, \"My favourite writers are Anton Chekhov and Leo Tolstoy. I have almost all their works neatly stacked in my library. And these, needless to say, are my most prized possessions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14073449", "title": "All is not well along Southern Bypass", "text": "LUDHIANA: Over two years have passed since the construction work of Southern Bypass on Sidhwan Canal started, but the Public Works Department (PWD) is yet to get a clearance from railway authorities for constructing piles over Ferozepur-Dhuri railway line, where the construction work has been troublesome to traffic.Once the PWD has the clearance for constructing piles, it would also need a sanction for the superstructure, which would connect railway portion of the bridge with rest of the bridges. Despite its deadline being October 31, 2012 (postponed from February 2012), only 65% work of the project has been completed so far.Two flyovers were to be constructed along Southern Bypass under this project\u2014 Dugri flyover and Gill flyover\u2014 of which only Dugri flyover has become functional so far, while Gill flyover will be opened to commuters by June end, say the authorities.The major traffic chaos results near the two railway lines crossing this Bypass near Ferozepur Road and Dhuri. Authorities have to construct two railway over-bridges (ROB) on these spots.Piling work is on at both the sites and it would be almost a month before railway authorities give the pile test report, which would be instrumental in determining the final approval for super-structure.But, the opening of Gill flyover by this month-end would be a great relief for commuters.PWD executive engineer Angrej Singh says, \"The work is on at a fast pace at all the bridges in the way and the project work would complete shortly. We will soon get the pile testing report and its approval too.\"The railway officials blame the presence of railway lines in the way of project as trains moving every now and then hinder work pace.\"Lack of coordination between MC and railway department delayed the construction at Lakkar bridge in the city and this project involves two railway lines. No one can assume when will this work be completed,\" says Gurdeep Singh, a harrowed commuter from Model Town.A student and Dugri resident Simranpreet Kaur says there are certain spots on the stretch where the traffic just crawls through. \"The officials should speed up the work and complete this project as soon as possible,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14078091", "title": "Traffic goes haywire, thanks to byelection", "text": "RANCHI: Chaos prevailed at many places in city as people were seen breaking traffic rules conveniently because of absence of policemen. Nobody bothered to follow the traffic rules or signals and many accidents were nearly avoided as cars and bikes were seen racing from all directions at various squares.Manoj Singh, a senior citizen, said, \"I started driving the car as the signal became green but suddenly a young boy came from the opposite direction breaking the signal and almost hit my car. At least when the traffic policemen are around, people stop at the signal but today moving on the roads was very risky.\"Another commuter Richa Verma said, \"I was crossing the road when a man came on bike from the wrong side and hit me. Luckily I was not hurt much but the lack of traffic policemen on roads today has become a big problem.\"The reason behind the absence of traffic policemen was the Hatia assembly bypoll for which the men in khaki were deployed on Tuesday. Traffic DSP RN Singh said, \"We had to deploy some traffic policemen for the election as we were short of men but it is a matter of just one day. They will be back regulating the traffic from tomorrow.\"Asked how the major roads of the city can be left without surveillance, Singh said, \"We are patrolling the roads in jeeps but anyway the traffic is less compared to other days, so it is manageable.\"Policemen can be seen patrolling the streets but it is of no use as they are not bothered to stop at the squares and maintain the traffic. Preeti, a pedestrian, said, \"I did see police jeep on patrol but people were breaking the signal in front of them and nobody was doing anything. The day may be important for them (police), but leaving the major roads of the city unattended does not make sense.\"Nobody bothered to follow the traffic rules or signals and many accidents were nearly avoided as cars and bikes were seen racing from all directions at various squares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14074820", "title": "Positive vibes set the tone for India-US strategic talks", "text": "WASHINGTON: The elimination of the Iran sanctions bogey, a high-level judicial appointment of an Indian-American to a US court and continuing upbeat stories of enterprise even amid a downgraded Indian economy set the tone for the third foreign ministers-level US-India strategic dialogue starting Tuesday.The engagement, including intensive talks in the science, technology, education, counter-terrorism and intelligence spheres, appears bookended by growing US unease of China and a precipitous decline in its ties with Pakistan.The latter issue was demonstrated by the breakdown of talks between Washington and Islamabad over transit facilities to Afghanistan .China and Pakistan were also glaring exceptions from the list of countries exempted by the US from possible sanctions on account of Iranian oil imports.The exemption was welcomed warmly by New Delhi, where a government spokesman acknowledged the US notification in a statement which also referred positively to the significance of the upcoming talks.\"The India-US strategic dialogue on June 13 will once again demonstrate the strength of our relationship and the extraordinary breadth of our bilateral cooperation, based on our shared values and convergent interests,\" the statement said, tying the sanctions resolution to the talks.In Washington, White House officials also detailed the process that enabled the state department to exempt India from the sanctions peril.The timely resolution of the sanctions issue allowed science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and human resources minister Kapil Sibal to tee-off talks with US interlocutors ahead of external affairs minister S M Krishna's engagement with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070773", "title": "Woman kingpin of burglary gang held", "text": "JAIPUR: A woman and three other persons were arrested on Tuesday for a series of burglary incidents in the city in the recent past. Police claimed that woman was heading the interstate gang.According to police, the accused identified as Anzum Begam and her three accomplices Mahenra Sharma, Sanny alias Prakash and Monti alias Ajay are residents of Meerut in Uttar Pradesh.\"A special team had been formed to check the burglaries in the city. The team zeroed in on this gang after investigations and arrested four of its members. Some items stolen during various burglaries were also recovered,\" commissioner of police B L Soni said.The officer said the gang members used to conduct a recce of the houses before burglary. \"They targeted several houses in the recent past,\" he said. Soni also said some of the gang members have been arrested in the past. Anzum Begam is a history sheeter of Sanganer police station. \"She is a repeat offender,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14072077", "title": "'Public unity, not endless debates key to solving Regional Plan issue'", "text": "PANAJI: Goans need to unite and stop debating endlessly on issues like the Regional Plan (RP) 2021 as this is defeating the purpose of a people's movement for a better RP for the state, felt speakers at a session on 'Goa Regional Plan 2021'.The session, chaired by advocate Cleofato Coutinho, former member of the Goa Law Commission, was part of the regional seminar on Human Development and Good Governance: New Goals, New Horizons organized by the International Centre, Goa, in association with Media Information and Communication Centre of India and Friedrich Ebert Stiftung, India.\"We have to stop debating endlessly and start working together,\" said Miguel Braganza, secretary of the Goa Bachao Abhiyan.\"(The planners) must see what the people of the village want (while preparing the plan),\" he added.Braganza felt the term socio-economic development needed to be redefined. \"The state-level committee (SLC) has inserted things like micro-economic zones, eco-tourism zones, hinterland tourism, golf courses and marinas,\" he said.While calling for the rectification of RP 2021 instead of its scrapping, Braganza said, \"RP 2021 is the first plan that has the people's participation...We have to fight for a bigger role.\"Venita Coelho, social activist, said \"deliberate loopholes in the RP such as Sections 16 and 16A need to be closed\". She also felt \"panchayats need to be empowered\", while adding, \"I don't understand how gram sabha resolutions can be overruled.\"Coelho felt that unless checks and balances were put in place and the existing loopholes in the RP 2021 closed, that Goa's future was in jeopardy. Shaliny Saksena, an urban designer, called for transparency and the proper use of tools while preparing the RP 2021.She said there have to be on-site visits, measurements and noting downs while preparing RP 2021.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14076918", "title": "North remains neglected by Metropolitan Transport Corporation, corporation of Chennai", "text": "Most parts of North Chennai may have changed, shedding their image of being hotbeds of crime, but the area continues to be neglected, mainly by the corporation of chennai and MTC.In fact, just as one cruising north along Poonamallee High Road turns left just before Ripon Buildings, the apathy is evident. At Basin Bridge, the first stop, the stench of garbage and urine is so bad that it makes one sick. There are a few new apartment buildings but the roads on which they are located provide a grim contrast. They are narrow and sport ugly potholes, indicative of the apathy shown by the corporation.The biggest difference, in comparison to other parts of the city, is in the bus services. As a packed MTC bus rolls to a stop at the MMDAMathur stand, kicking up dust, 30 commuters make a run for it. \"I have been waiting for at least 45 minutes for the '56 D' bus and cannot afford to miss it,\" says Lakshmi, one of them.Even getting to a bus stand is an ordeal. \"I have to walk at least 20 minutes to a bus stop. We don't have an option as auto drivers charge exorbitant rates,\" says Pappama of Mathur.There are a few roads wide enough for buses, but MTC is yet to start services in many areas. \"Most of the buses are always crowded and their timings irregular,\" adds Lakshmi. North Chennai comes under MTC's Tondiarpet region with seven depots, including Madhavaram, Perambur, Ennore and Vyasarpadi, and just 626 buses of the 3,600-strong fleet ply here. Tondiarpet depot, smallest of the city's 25 depots, has only 40 buses. Vadapalani, in south Chennai, has around 172 buses.MTC officials say there is little scope for improvement. \"There are hardly any roads for our buses. The few that ply occupy 75% of the road. Even increasing services won't help,\" said an official. A bus earns about `6,000 a day here while in other regions, earnings are `12,000, he said. Residents say mostly deluxe buses are run here, but MTC says ordinary services aren't profitable. Commuters have a solution: mini-buses.\"Share autos make a killing and so mini-buses could work,\" says Rajan, a resident. Transportation experts agree. \"About 22 lakh people use share autos every day. It shows that people are willing to pay for good services,\" said Shreya Gadepalli of the Institute of Transportation and Development Policy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14069744", "title": "A simmering rivalry and a ghost named Hammel", "text": "Eddy Hammel was the first Jewish player for Ajax Amsterdam , whose supporters called themselves 'Joden' (Dutch for Jews). The city of Amsterdam was home to almost 140,000 Jews before the start of the German occupation in May 1940. In the five years that followed, only 30,000 of them survived but Hammel did not. The Ajax winger, though born in America, died at the Auschwitz concentration camp.Far too many years have gone by and it would be foolish to suspect that memory of those dark days will cast a shadow on the impending winner-takes-all Euro 2012 clash between Germany and the Netherlands at Kharkiv's Metalist Stadium. However, there has always been a razor-sharp edge to the rivalry between these European neighbours which often tends to become violent from being intense whenever the battle has shifted to a football pitch.Strange as it may seem, the proponents of 'Total Football' in orange shirt - the expression of things beautiful - take a leave of the aesthetics seeing men in whites. When Ruud Gullit's European champions, one of the most accomplished teams in world football, met Lothar Matthaus' Germany (then West Germany), things really flew off the handle. The image of Frank Rijkaard spitting at Rudi Voeller became the talking point of Italia 90. That was perhaps the lowest point of a rivalry that goes back a long way, far from the football fields.Arguably the best Dutch team, with Johan Cryuff as its Kohinoor, was denied the World Cup by Franz Beckenbauer's Germany in the 1974 final.Revenge had to wait till 1988 as Gullit's trusted marksman Marco van Basten slotted home as the semifinal against the Germans was heading for extra-time. The victory celebrations were marred by a rather untoward act by Dutch defender Ronald Koeman when he wiped his backside with a shirt given to him by his German opposite number Olaf Thon. It was done in front of the German fans. Koeman apologized later but the bad taste lingered.The post-match comments have become part of history. Dutch goalkeeper Hans van Breukelen observed, \"I am happy I could give this gift to the older generation, the ones that lived through the war.\"After beating the Russians in the final, coach Rinus Michels said: \"We won the tournament but we all know that the semifinal was the real final.\"That history is still not forgotten today is obvious in current German defender Matts Hummels' words. \"There is a huge history and a healthy rivalry between the two nations, so either team will have to give 100 per cent... they have to win and we want to secure our passage to the quarterfinals.\"The loss to Denmark has made matters worse for the Dutch. If the colour white can evoke such extreme emotions in orange shirts, one shudders to think what will happen when they stare at the exit.The pressure will be manifold and one hopes Hammel's ghost doesn't revisit the Dutch when they fight to stay alive in the Group of Death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077135", "title": "Plea in Madras high court seeks live telecast of assembly session", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest writ petition seeking live telecast and webcast of the Tamil Nadu assembly proceedings has been filed in the Madras high court.Tamil Nadu state unit president of the Lok Satta Party D Jagadeeswaran had filed the PIL before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam. When the litigation came up for hearing on Tuesday, the bench referred the matter to a bench headed by Justice D Murugesan.Pointing out that the assembly proceedings in Kerala and Andhra Pradesh are presenty being telecast, the PIL said that in Tamil Nadu though the proceedings were covered in whole by media, only edited version was released to the media for telecast. \"The citizens' right to know what business transpires in the state legislative assembly is being curtailed by the state through releasing only selective videos,\" it said.The Kerala government has introduced the live webcasting of its assembly proceedings, and Andhra Pradesh too had a dedicated website for live streaming of its business, the PIL said. In Tamil Nadu, though edited assembly proceedings are sent to media houses, only selective portions are telecast, as media houses in the state are politically polarized. \"What the citizen ultimately sees is partisan news packaged as a political campaign,\" it added.Referring to the government's announcement that the state-run Arasu Cable TV would telecast the assembly proceedings live, the PIl says the decision has not yet been implemented.On May 17, the petitioner wrote to the authorities requesting telecast or webcast of the proceedings, highlighting the fact that people were interested in watching an unbiased and impartial coverage of assembly proceedings. There was, however, no response from the government, he said.No law prohibits live telecast/webcast of assembly business, he said, adding that it would be arbitrary on the part of the state government to refuse the plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073034", "title": "Unreasonable law-enforcement killing night life, feel Mumbaikars", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as Mumbaikars have expressed outrage on online forums against the moral policing that is destroying the city's night life, legal experts have questioned the police's use of archaic laws to harass patrons of discotheques, pubs and other bars and restaurants.\"The license conditions and rules should have some rationale,\" said senior advocate Mahesh Jethmalani. \"If an unreasonable license condition is being enforced by some over-enthusiastic police officer, then that in itself is unreasonable. It is very unfortunate that people are being discouraged from going to nightclubs for fear of being harassed by the very law-enforcement agencies that are meant to protect them.\"Laws like the Bombay Prohibition Act of 1949 and Bombay Police Act of 1951 give the police wide-ranging powers to enter an establishment, conduct searches, raid and question people they suspect of committing an offence. There are enough archaic laws to dissuade the average Mumbaikar from enjoying a tipple or shaking a leg at a bar or nightclub. Laws restrict the serving of alcohol to persons below the age of 25, require the drinker to have a permit and require an establishment to have a multitude of licenses, right from serving liquor to playing music, having a dance floor and even hiring a DJ.In a new twist to using forgotten laws to put the screws on watering holes and dampen the spirits of tipplers, the cops have begun applying the charge of overcrowding. The rules say only 78 people can be allowed in a 500-sq-ft establishment and 166 people in a 1,000-sq-ft one. A number of establishments - Shiro, Rehab, Big Nasty etc - have been raided by police of late.IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh, referring to the overcrowding charges, said, \"Overall, it is clear and apparent that the police have exceeded their statutory powers in these raids. The police give licenses to hotels and clubs under the provisions of the Bombay Police Act. The police have powers under the law to enter and inspect such places, but these powers are limited only to checking and inspecting the public place.\"Even with regard to frisking patrons or taking down their names and addresses, the condition is that the police should have grounds to suspect that the person to be frisked is in possession of stolen property or has committed a non-cognizable offence. \"If there is no such suspicion, then a search of an individual by the police is illegal and amounts to criminal restraint. The police can temporarily detain a person and ask for the name and address only when there is information that the person is linked to a non-cognizable offence. If there is no such information linking a patron who visits a nightclub to a non-cognizable offence, then there is no law whereby the police can detain a person and force him or her to give their name and address,\" said Singh.Legal experts believe that the raids have become a tool for harassment. Lawyer Vijay Hiremath said, \"Young middle-class persons who work hard and then go to a club or pub to take a break over a drink are being targeted. It is not a crime in this country to go to a party or visit a nightclub, it is not against the law to have a drink if you have a permit or dance at a discotheque, then why are the patrons being terrorized?\"According to Hiremath, the law is often tricky and vague, which allows it to be misused. \"There is a provision that allows the police to detain a person who indulges in rowdy or drunken behaviour in a public place. The definition is vague, which means that any person who has a couple of drinks can be booked under this law,\" he said.The authorities are, however, selective in how they implement the rules, as the Bombay Prohibition Act also provides for action against police officers who undertake vexatious searches and raids. Under Section 95 of the prohibition law, any police officer who maliciously enters a building or house, or unnecessarily seizes property or vexatiously detains or arrests a person, or exceeds or abuses his powers, can be punished with a jail term of upto a year or a fine of upto Rs 10,000.\"The problem is that neither the party-goer or restaurant owner wants to file a complaint fearing that they may be targeted by the police,\" said Hiremath. \"Moreover, prosecuting a police officer requires the sanction of the state government, which is difficult to come by.\"Dangers in the night: What the law says?A quick guide to the law during a bar raidCan cops detain you?Only when there is information that a person is linked to a non-cognizable offence can the police temporarily detain them and ask their name and addressCan cops ask for your personal details?The police need only to suspect that a serious non-cognizable offence has occurred to be able to question someone and ask for personal details like names and addresses. Failure to provide such details could lead to arrestCan the police videograph you?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14076612", "title": "Decision on privatization of abattoir postponed", "text": "PUNE: The PMC standing committee on Tuesday decided to postpone a decision on the proposal to privatize the slaughterhouse in Kondhwa by 21 days.The civic body has proposed to appoint a private party to run the abattoir. However, some parties and social organizations opposed the move.Opposing the plans to privatise the slaughterhouse, several 'warkaris' and members of various communities staged an agitation outside the PMC headquarters on June 8. The organizations have been agitating since April, when the proposal for privatization had come before the standing committee for the first time. Earlier , too, the committee postponed the matter for 15 days.The civic body recently spent over Rs 6 crore on renovation and modernization of the abattoir.\"In view of the opposition from various parities and organizations , we have decided to study the matter further before taking a final decision. So the issue has been postponed,\" said Baburao Chandere, chairman of the standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14072113", "title": "Govt set to tightly monitor midday meals in schools", "text": "PANAJI: Goa will not be able to shy away from its responsibility to provide hygienic and nutritional meals to students from Classes I to VIII under the midday meal scheme during the academic year 2012-13.The state has been allotted 25.47 lakh by the central government for the monitoring and evaluation of the scheme. Funds have also been provided for the appointment of two nutritional experts for Goa, as well as to carry out an external audit of the scheme's implementation.Two nutritional experts will be appointed for 11 months at the cost of 2.64 lakh and the state has been allotted 3 lakh for external audit of the midday meal scheme.Presently, the vocational education officer of the directorate of education (DoE) functions as the state nodal officer for the midday meal scheme and visits schools in different talukas. The officer is supposed to keep a check on the quality and quantity of food supplied to students under the scheme.For 2012-13, the state government has proposed that the state-level steering and monitoring committee for the scheme, the deputy collector, mamlatdars, joint mamlatdars and health officers for the area should also conduct random checks in schools. Other education officials who are on field visits have also been asked to test the scheme's implementation in schools. Goa has been provided 1.40 lakh for 2012-13 by the union government for hiring cars for officials to monitor the implementation.Another 3.50 lakh has been provided to conduct training programmes in hygiene for the 81 self-help groups supplying the meals in schools, and to carry out awareness programmes for the general public about the availability of the scheme.The state has also told central government officials that for the year 2012-13, the additional district education officers of DoE will be appointed as grievance officers and their phone numbers will be displayed in schools under their jurisdictions for reference.Additionally, three deputy education officers have been appointed to solve grievances received about the scheme's implementation at the three zonal levels-north, south and central zones. Only if the complaint is not resolved at the zonal level, it will go to the state level monitoring committee.The DoE has also requested the directorate for food and drugs administration to inspect the kitchens of the 81 self-help groups that supply the meals to schools, as well as to collect samples randomly for chemical analysis. Heads of institutions too have been instructed not to serve meals to the children unless the food has been tasted by school staffers. School heads across the state will be provided one-day training to sensitize them on the need for proper monitoring of the food supplied to children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14069480", "title": "Chain-snatcher held", "text": "SURAT: Crime branch sleuths arrested a chain-snatcher with chains worth Rs 2 lakh that he had looted during last two-and-half years. The accused used to target elderly women during early morning hours.Following specific information, police nabbed Hardik Patel, 23, resident of Pandesara area on Monday for looting chains of five persons. He carried out the loot with his accomplice Ram alias Rakesh Patel, who was arrested earlier. With Hardik's arrest, police detected five chain-snatching cases reported in Umra police station area in last 18 months.Hardik and Ram carried out the loot on a bike. Hardik was an expert in snatching and used to ride pillion while Ram used to drive the bike, police informed. During questioning, Hardik told police that they targeted women, especially aged. They also chose morning or afternoon hours or isolated location to avoid getting caught by commuters.Of the five loots that Hardik confessed, three were carried out between 5.30 am to 6 am in Umra police station area. He had targeted women morning walkersIn the loot old age and those. In other two cases, he had snatched a chain from a woman riding a two-wheeler in Athwalines.Hardik told police that he started snatching chains to make some extra money and spend on leisure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075941", "title": "Probe into ashram affairs", "text": "BANGALORE: The government late on Tuesday night ordered SD Meena, regional commissioner, Bangalore, to conduct a detailed probe into the alleged illegal activities of Nityananda Dhyanapeetham.The inquiry will also look into alleged illegal sexual activities and consumption of narcotics inside the ashram. The official has been told to finish his probe and submit a report within 15 days.Investigations will examine whether 20 acres and 35 guntas of ashram land is being used for non-agricultural purposes without obtaining land-use conversion approvals.In a circular, the home ministry's law and order section said about two acres of ashram land had obtained land-use conversion approvals, while the remaining 20 acres and 35 guntas were being used for non-agricultural purposes without obtaining clearances in violation of Section 95 (2) of the Karnataka Land Reforms Act, 1964.The circular alleged that the ashram authorities are not transparent about the contents of the containers they import. Observing that there are enough grounds to suspect that there were shady, illegal and immoral activities happening in the ashram, the circular cited allegations and counter-allegations involving the ashram and some outfits over the last week.Swami challenges FIRsNityananda on Tuesday moved the high court by filing two criminal petitions challenging the two FIRs registered against him by Bidadi police. Hearing of these petitions will be held on Wednesday. Nityananda has claimed that though his name has been included in the FIRs, they do not disclose any allegations against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073736", "title": "Chandni Chowk mess: Top cop raps officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi police commissioner B K Gupta has pulled up the ACP and SHO of the Kotwali area for failing to remove encroachments from the busy Chandni Chowk area. The top cop has instructed his men to clear Chandni Chowk, Netaji Subhash Marg and Khari Baoli areas of encroachments in the next two days. Gupta has reportedly warned the north district officers those delaying implementation of the Supreme Court orders in this matter will have to face the music.\"A few residents and businessmen from Chandni Chowk met me and told me about the encroachments. I have asked my officers to resolve the matter immediately,'' said Gupta. Secretary of the Chandni Chowk market association, Sunil Bharghav, said he met B K Gupta after repeated complaints to the local police fell on deaf ears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14073922", "title": "Slip roads to ease out traffic snarls", "text": "PANCHKULA: Now it won't take the usual 25 minutes for commuters to cross the three heavily congested points in Panchkula, as Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda) is constructing slip roads near the sectors 7/18 light point, ahead of Sector 8 light point near the liquor vend, and near the Tank Chowk. The authorities claim that by doing so they would be able to ease the congestion and avoid traffic snarls.As many as 1,475 vehicles per hour pass through the first point, around 1,200 through the second and around 1,100 through the third but the number would come down soon.When one takes right from Housing Board to enter Panchkula, one witnesses bumper to bumper traffic at the sectors 7/18 light point being the entry of the commuters from Chandigarh to Panchkula. Similar is the situation at the Sector 8 light point near the liquor vend and Tank Chowk, they being in the heart of the city.\"We have identified these time consuming points and have decided to construct slip roads near these areas. This will divert more than half of the traffic and ease the traffic congestion,\" said Huda superintending engineer N K Verma.On the 7/18 point, it takes around 25 minutes to pass through. Similarly on the Sector-8 light point it takes around 15 minutes and near Tank Chowk it takes around 12 to 15 minutes during peak hours. The number of vehicles increase by one-third of the original, during weekends and festivals.\"A slip road is already under construction near the sectors 7/18 point. For people who do not want to wait for the light and wish to take an alternative route can take the slip road. The plans are already ready and in the coming two months, a slip road would be constructed on the left side from the direction of the liquor vend,\" added Verma.\"Passing through these points is like a herculean task. The situation of these points during the festival days is all the more terrible. Now with slip roads majority of the traffic would get diverted,\" said Sanjana Vasdev, a resident of Sector 20, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14072831", "title": "Tirupur police to take rigorous action against underage drivers", "text": "COIMBATORE: Underage drivers will have a tough time dodging police in Tirupur as law-enforcers have decided to take stringent action against them including the seizure of their vehicle, from Wednesday. The decision follows the death of a student killed in a road accident on Tuesday in Tirupur.Police said S Deepika (14) of Sirupooluvapatti, a class 9 student of Jaivabai Girls Higher Secondary School in Tirupur, was on her way to school in a two-wheeler on Tuesday. When Deepika was nearing Sirupooluvapatti Ring Road around 9am, a speeding government bus hit her two-wheeler from behind and she was thrown off the vehicle. She sustained grievous head injuries and died on the spot. Velampalayam police have registered a case and the investigation is on.Meanwhile, Tirupur superintendent of police Asra Garg has warned school students against riding two-wheelers. \"School students aged between 15 and 16 are riding two- wheelers. This is an offence. They are eligible for a driving license only after they complete 18 years. We will take stringent action against students riding motorcycles from Wednesday onwards. We will seize two-wheelers and will take action against students under Motor Vehicles Act,\" said Asra Garg. He also said that parents of the children would be informed immediately.\"Parents should not allow their children to ride two-wheelers to school. They should be aware of the risks involved. Educational institutions should advise their students against riding two-wheelers. School management should create awareness among student,\" Asra Garg added.Previously, drunken drivers involved in fatal accidents were booked under section 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) of Indian Penal Code (IPC). Hereafter, they will be booked under section 304 (ii) (whoever commits culpable homicide not amounting to murder shall be punished with imprisonment of ten years and shall also be liable to fine if the act by which the death is caused is done with the intention of causing death or of causing bodily injury as is like to cause death) of IPC.\"We will take stringent action against drunken drivers involved in fatal accidents,\" said Asra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14071960", "title": "Sardinha in dock over Moti Dongor hutment issue", "text": "MARGAO: The statement made by South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha condemning the recent exercise of demolition of illegal hutments at Moti Dongor carried out by the authorities has evoked sharp reactions from the stakeholders of the affairs of the comunidade and social commentators. A large part of the land where the slums stand at Moti Dongor are encroachments on land owned by the comunidade of Aquem.Terming Sardinha's comment as \"unfortunate, though not unexpected\", Savio Correia, president of Verna comunidade, complimented chief minister Manohar Parrikar \"for his tough stance on illegal constructions on comunidade lands\".\"Comunidades hope for another Baina-type demolition to cleanse their lands of squatters. However, I welcome the suggestion of Sardinha that action ought to be taken against officials who failed to act on the illegal constructions at Moti Dongor inspite of being informed about it by the comunidade,\" Correia told TOI.Joao de Brito Araujo, president, association of components of comunidades, expressed his satisfaction over the demolition exercise at Moti Dongor. \"The demolition of illegal constructions on comunidade land has been one of the long-standing demands of the association and we are happy that the new dispensation has taken a bold initiative in this regard,\" Araujo said.Pandurang 'Bhai' Naik, who has been persistently flaying the authorities for their failure to crack the whip against illegalities at Moti Dongor, was critical of the manner in which the authorities went about the recent demolition drive. \"The authorities should have first clearly identified all illegal structures and demolished all of them. It was seen in the recent demolition drive that a local leader was guiding the demolition squad in identifying illegal structures and getting them razed. This selective demolition of illegal structures should not be allowed to happen. The exercise should be conducted in a thoroughly systematic manner by proper identification of illegal structures,\" Naik said.Naik held the Congress government responsible for allowing the slums to grow exponentially even as he urged the current government to restore the scenic beauty of Moti Dongor. \"Those who have been residing at Moti Dongor for years together can be rehabilitated elsewhere, while the recent illegal encroachers should be driven away. If these slum dwellers are rehabilitated in small tenements, over 60% of the land can be freed, which can then be converted into a beautiful garden or something aesthetically pleasing,\" Naik suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "it was a chilly baroda morning of january 1972. a tiny scoreboard at the picturesque motibaug palace ground read \"bombay", "code": "14069532", "title": "Vijay Manjrekar: Cricket was religion to him, technique a way of life", "text": "It was a chilly Baroda morning of January 1972. A tiny scoreboard at the picturesque Motibaug palace ground read \"Bombay: 76 for 7\". Sitting next to me was a former Bombay cricketer. Glancing at the scoreboard from the corner of his eye, he furiously picked up the Bombay cap and running his fingers over its lion-embossed crest, said loudly \"My lion has been converted into a timid mouse by these Bombay batsmen.\"In a couple of minutes the team broke for lunch. As one Bombay player rushed to grab something to eat, the man thundered, \"No lunch for anyone and if you don't fight back, forget dinner as well.\"If it was the threat that pepped Bombay, we do not know. But Bombay did rise. Baroda were reduced to 19 for nine by the superlative swing bowling of Abdul Ismail and Ajit Naik. They were bundled out for a paltry 42!As wickets kept tumbling, Bombay players mocked the opposition by singing on the field a popular number from the film Amar Prem, 'Yeh Kya hua, kaise hua, kab hua'. We were all amused by this turn of events. Everyone laughed, except one man, Vijay Manjrekar to whom Lion crest on the Bombay cap was priceless. When cricketers of his generation meet, talk about his wry humour is a must. His remarks often hurt players but even they accept that it was for their betterment. To him cricket was a religion and technique, a way of life.When one would try to convince him about the runs a particular batsman has been scoring in local cricket, he would say in his inimitable style. \"Yes, but he is a first class batsman of second class bowling in a third class tournament.\"Abbas Ali Baig, the youngest Indian to score hundred on Test debut at Old Trafford in 1959 says,\" With due apologies to Rahul Dravid and Sanjay Manjrekar , Vijay Manjrekar was and still remains technically the best equipped batsman I have ever come across. His main strength lay in his ability to play the ball late like Ken Barrington .\"By playing late, Manjrekar was able to negotiate any delivery on all sorts of pitches. EAS Prasanna realised this in the Ranji semifinal match between Rajasthan and Mysore. Played on the Central College ground in Bangalore, the ball did abnormal things that even bowlers like Prasanna and Chandrashekhar had no control over.\"I was exasperated\" said Prasanna, \"When he would defend with soft hands, the ball would drop at his feet. He would cut a good length ball for a boundary. Usually on a turning track, no batsman takes a risk of cutting an offie but here was Manjrekar cutting with such mastery that we spinners looked novices. He scored 175. With the defence of Gavaskar and strokes of Viswanath, I have no hesitation in saying that Gavaskar + Viswanath = Vijay Manjrekar.\" A huge compliment from a bowler who made world class batsmen dance to his tune.Manjrekar's knock of 133 in the Headingley Test in 1952 after India were three down for 42 and his partnership of 222 with skipper Vijay Hazare was described by the media as the most classical display of top-class batsmanship against the likes of Alec Bedsar and Fred Trueman .Off the field, he was different. Once, in order to scare his teammates, Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi had arranged for a 'fake encounter' with 'bandits' in the jungles of Gwalior. Baig remembers Manjrekar's display of innate timidity. \"He kept pleading with the 'bandits' that since he wasn't a Maharaja they shouldn't harm him. To be fair to him I can't imagine anyone else acting differently.\"Others like Prasanna, young Vishwanath and the rest were tied to trees by the so called 'bandits' till Rajsingh Dungarpur arrived on the scene and stopped Pataudi from continuing with his pranks.In 1965, Manjrekar was dropped after scoring an unbeaten hundred against New Zealand. That was the end of his international career. To a man who served Indian cricket for years with distinction, this would have been no less than absolute humiliation. But Manjrekar was too strong a man to have been embarrassed by such a thing.He would have surely had a witty remark up his sleeve for this too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071573", "title": "Despite contractor's murder, Naxal bandh flops", "text": "NAGPUR: Murder of a civil contractor at Pendhri on the eve of the last day of 'Jan Fituri saptah' or week for people's resistance, also supposed to be observed as a bandh, had raised fears but there was no reflection of the aggressive mood as Naxal's strike call fizzled out even before it could set in on Tuesday in Gadchiroli.Naxals' south regional committee of Dandakaranya had appealed to the people to observe their seventh edition of 'Jan Fituri Saptah' between June 5 and 12 against stationing of Indian Army in Bastar in Chhattisgarh. The Naxals had also urged people to observe the last day of the protest week as bandh in Central India's Dandakaranya region which comprises parts of Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, bordering areas of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh.Maharashtra's Gadchiroli was expected to be affected. The Naxals' action team tried to set the tempo by gunning down civil contractor Sanjiv Mandal in Pendhri the evening before bandh after calling him out of his residence. Mandal was shot thrice by Naxals. It is learnt that the incident took place within 50m of the Pendhri sub-police station.Unconfirmed reports claimed the Naxals had also fired a couple of bullets towards the police post before leaving the place. Mandal had undertaken a contract for constructing road between Pendhri and Pakhanjur. The place where the murder took place is around 150km from Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border. It is learnt Mandal had undertaken several construction projects earlier too but never faced any problem. A section of the security agencies are trying to gauge why Mandal was targeted this time.The daredevil murder raised the prospect of aggressive Naxal efforts to enforce the bandh but the scenario in the district was learnt to be quite normal. The strike call received almost no response from people. A senior official, who toured north Gadchiroli, said all key roads remained open and there was no hindrance to the traffic flow on the inter-state corridors. \"The roads in their strongholds like Korchi, Kurkheda and Dhanora were open. The crucial stretch between Malewada and Kurkheda also had normal traffic,\" said the senior official. He said that shops in the interiors too were not closed.The Dhanora-Rajnandgaon road, which is often blocked during Naxal agitations, also was open. The senior officials claimed there were no reports of tree-felling, arson or blockages from any part of the district. The state transport buses too plied normally, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070743", "title": "Meet Ruksana, the first IITian from Meo Muslims", "text": "JAIPUR: Sixteen-year-old Ruksana Khan is now a role model for other girls in her community. A member of Meo Muslim community, known for keeping girls behind doors, Ruksana's success shows that talent can never be hidden. She became the first girl from her community to clear IIT-JEE exam. She bagged 32nd position in All India Rank category of OBC list. She is a resident of Alwar, which has a sizeable population of Meo Muslims.\"I attribute my success to my parents. I couldn't have thought of doing engineering without the support of my parents. It was very difficult for my parents to convince close relatives who opposed my higher education ,\" said an elated Ruksana.Most of her cousin sisters of her age are either married or are engaged. Education rate among Meo Muslims, plagued by orthodoxy, is among the lowest in the state.In the past couple of months, her father has received over a dozen marriage alliances for her which he humbly refused as he chose education over marriage. \"We cannot live in isolation now. If girls from other backward communities are coming forward why can't ours?,\" asks Gaffoor Khan, her proud father.She is eyeing either chemical or electrical branch of engineering in IIT-Delhi, Kharagpur or Kanpur. She studied in an English medium school which is a rare luxury accessible to a few Meo girls.Since childhood she dreamt of pursuing engineering from IIT like every second girl in the country. She disclosed her dream to her father who assured his full support.\"It was very difficult to even think of doing something which is very unconventional in my community. The elders of my community had often told my father that highly educated girls remain unmarried. But my father believe in me and allowed me to go to Kota for coaching,\" said Ruksana, who is now seen as an idol in her community. Meo community is by and large an endogamous group which prohibits marriage proposals outside Meo Muslims.Elated by the success of her daughter, Gaffoor has decided to promote girl education in his community by keeping Ruksana as an example before them.\"Education for girls is seen as a dull investment with no returns by our community elders. I will show them that educating a girl means uplifting our entire community,\" adds Gaffoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073872", "title": "World-class skill centre planned", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has decided to set up a world-class skill development centre at Jaunapur, in collaboration with the Government of Singapore. It will be developed as a national centre of excellence for skill development in the fields of health care, medicine, construction and manufacturing.The state will soon sign an MoU with the Government of Singapore. \"The initiative will go a long way in overcoming the mismatch between employment opportunities and the skills of job seekers,\" chief minister Sheila Dikshit said after the cabinet meeting on Tuesday.A proposal to set up the centre was presented before the Cabinet on Tuesday after consultations with the Government of Singapore, Central Skill Development Mission and other stakeholders. The Institute of Technical Education, Singapore, has been instrumental in the setting up of such institutes in more than 10 countries apart from conducing training workshops.As many as 2,400 seats will be up for grabs during the first academic year of the new facility. A sum of Rs 11.72 crore has been sanctioned for the project. The centre will facilitate employment opportunities apart from enhancing specialized human resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14069509", "title": "Private schools want govt to clear confusion over Right to Education Act", "text": "MYSORE: The enforcement of Right to Education (RTE) Act seems to have made no impact on schools in Mysore. As a blatant violation of the Act, the schools continue to reject the applications of children who were recommended by the education department.The joy of R Anand Kumar, a daily wage worker, who wanted to admit his three-year-old son Yuvaraj to LKG, was short-lived. In spite of having his application approved by the education department, the same was rejected by Nalanda Educational Society, an unaided institution. Instead, the institution handed him a letter addressed to DDPI and BEO, saying that they are attached to Karnataka Unaided Schools Managements' Association (KUSUMA), which has moved the high court against the implementation of the RTE this academic year.When contacted, Nalanda Education Society High School headmaster Natesha said: \"We will decide on RTE admissions only after the government clarifies on minority aided schools. As of now, admissions are over, and there are no seats for the present academic year.\" KUSUMA will implement RTE once the confusions are cleared, he added.To ensure admission, Anand said, he was asked to pay the fees, which will be reimbursed to him if the government extends financial assistance under RTE Act. \"They asked me to pay the fees first,\" he added.\"No institution -- aided or unaided -- can deny admissions under RTE Act, especially when the education department recommends the child,\" said D K Basavaraj, deputy director of public instructions. Many schools are urging the government to implement RTE Act from next year, and the same will be discussed with ZP CEO, he stated.ZP CEO Ajay Nagabushan asserted that RTE should be implemented this year. \"In all, 86 children have been recommended by the education department. They must be admitted to schools without any hurdles,\" he said, adding: \"Failing which, notice will be issued to schools seeking reply within 30 days. If they go unanswered, the (schools') recognition will be cancelled.\"Block education officer Raghunandan said: \"Many schools are not accepting children recommended by the education department under RTE, arguing that 'all seats are full'.\"\"Private school managements are overriding education officers through political powers,\" alleged M J Sureshgowda, president of Vishwamanava Vidyarthi Yuva Vedike. The authorities are not serious in ensuring the effective implementation of RTE, and are playing with the lives of the poor, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069904", "title": "Dump collection contract in controversy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The opposition in Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has raised objections to the door-to-dump contract for the south zone. In a letter to the municipal commissioner, Congressman and opposition leader in the house Bhadruddin Sheikh has pointed at violation of the contract terms.At the center of the controversy is A to Z Infrastructure Company, which according to Sheikh, has not employed close-body vehicles for carrying the waste. Besides this, the contract terms require Euro-4 vehicles to be used, but the contractor is alleged to have pressed euro-2 and euro 3 vehicles into service. Another major controversy is that against the promised 100 vehicles to serve the south zone, the contractor is allegedly using 30 vehicles only.\"The door to dump service is suffering as the contractor is not meeting the norms of the contract. This is not all, the BJP is doing all to save the contractor from any penalties,\" alleges Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14069511", "title": "Posters keep BJP on tenterhooks in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Close on the heels of poster war between supporters of chief minister Narendra Modi and those of his bete noire Sanjay Joshi, posters running down BJP and raising issues of \"injustice\" to tribals have cropped up in several parts of Surat district.The posters have kept BJP workers in the district on toes, especially after they caught four persons with 12 anti-BJP posters in a tempo near Valod cross roads on Monday night.Two BJP workers of Tapi district, Dhaval Shah, deputy sarpanch of Valod and Umesh Bhavsar, youth BJP leader of Tapi spotted the four persons when they were pasting the posters. Four persons directing them to paste managed to escape from the location.Police arrested Salim Ghanchi, driver of the tempo, Shamji Jadav, Jayesh Parmar and Dilipa Rathod, all from Ahmedabad and seized the tempo which had Vadodara registration number. The four persons were booked under section 505 of IPC for spreading rumours and wrong message among the people against the government. Police are questioning the four persons to know the source of these posters.The situation turned tense in Valod after the arrest as large number of angry BJP workers gathered at the police station.The Tapi river front project has been targeted though photographs as it is compared to a dried farm of an old age farmer. The posters have slogans like. 'Tapi nadi na neer thi mahanagaro par bhale sukh varse, pan Tapi nadina kanthe vasta Adivasio kem pani mate tarse? (Waters of Tapi may have helped cities flourish and showered happiness but why are the tribals living on its banks thirsty for water?. Both the slogans were printed on a representative background of river front project and dried farm.It also says, 'Tapi nadi nu pani mahanagaro ma lai javana? To amaru shu?' (If Tapi water is being taken to cities? Then what about us?) The bottom of the poster has a political message, 'Bas have bahu thayu: BJP tara valta pani' - (Enough is Enough, BJP is now on its downturn).The posters were put up on main roads for maximum public visibility in rural areas around Bardoli. Sources in BJP claimed that the group arrested on Monday evening is responsible for other posters found in tribal areas of Surat.\"I came to know about more such posters put in Surat district. We are trying to find out that how the posters came up at these locations. We believe the posters must have been put-up during night hours. We are in consultation with our leadership for direction to deal with the issue,\" said Suresh Patel, Surat district BJP president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074224", "title": "Key posts already filled despite 60:40 ratio directions", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though Union home ministry has directed UT administration to maintain 60:40 ratio in the posts to be filled up in the Union Territory of Chandigarh among IAS, IPS and other state cadre officers of Punjab and Haryana, certain key posts have already been filled by Assam-Meghalaya, Manipur -Tripura, and Arunachal Pradesh-Goa-Mizoram-Union Territories (AGMUT) cadre officials.For instance, the newly created post of secretary, information technology (IT) is held by AGMUT cadre officer Prerna Puri. The charge of director (IT), which was traditional given to PCS or HCS officers is also with another AGMUT cadre officer, Tanvi Garg.Union Minister for Home Affairs P Chidambaram has, in a communication to the Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, given an assurance regarding maintaining the ratio in UT. Chidambaram has said that his ministry is \"particularly concerned about the sensitivity of the states, therefore, no steps would be taken \"that generate any misgivings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14069844", "title": "Sanap, Lahane in judicial custody", "text": "AURANGABAD: Beed doctors Shrihari Lahane, his son-in-law Shivaji Sanap and three women employees of Sanap Hospital owned by the duo, were remanded in judicial custody till June 25 on Monday.Sanap was arrested after the police found that he had performed three abortions and had his employees dump two fetuses under a bridge in Barshinaka area in Beed on June 2.Police found that the third foetus was buried at the house of a third patient. The three women employees Lata Jogdand, Mangal Ghuge and Manisha Jawale, were arrested. Later, police arrested Sanap's father-in-law Shrihari Lahane, a senior medical practitioner. He is the co-accused in the case.Their police custody ended on Monday. All five were produced before the court of judicial magistrate first class S S Dalvi, police sources said.Meanwhile, the bail application of Sudam and Saraswati Munde, wanted by the Parli Vaijanath police for the death of a sugarcane harvester at their hospital during an operation to terminate her pregnancy, would come up for hearing before additional sessions judge in Ambejogai on June 16, their lawyer Babu Tidke said.The bail application was to be heard on Monday, but police could not produce documents before the court as they were occupied in the bandobast for Tuesday's byelection in Kaij-Ambejogai assembly constituency.Sugarcane harvester Vijaymala Pattekar, a resident of Bhopa in Dharur taluka of Beed district, had died on May 18 at Munde Hospital in Parli after an operation to terminate her pregnancy went wrong.Police had added sterner sections against the doctor couple including non-bailable section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). Subsequently, the district administration had sealed their hospital. The doctor couple disappeared from Parli after the registration of the offence against them under fresh charges. Police have formed several teams to track them down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "aluva", "code": "14071386", "title": "Panchayat president among two killed in mishap", "text": "ALUVA: Sreemoolanagaram grama panchayat president K H Hamsa (51) and panchayat committee member Biju Arackal (39) died in an accident at Pezhakkappally near Muvattupuzha on Tuesday.Two others, advocate Unnikrishan (40) and Abdul Rahman (40), who were travelling along with the deceased, were admitted to Kolenchery Medical Mission Hospital in a critical condition. According to the police, the deceased were traveling in a car which collided with another car, lost control and rammed the rear part of a lorry. Hamsa and Biju died on the spot.Hamsa is survived by wife Renjula and daughters Sameera and Sumayya. Biju of Arackal who represented ward four of Sreemoolanagaram, is survived by wife Renju and daughter Sona. Unnikrishnan of Sreemoolanagaram, is an advocate practising in the Aluva court. The condition of Abdul Rahman is critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "14073574", "title": "Religious CDs, sweet water greet commuters", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: Carrying forward the message of Sikh gurus who taught compassion, love, dedication, hard work, worship of one God and commitment to peace and harmony for all the people of the world, the Kukrejas of Gurdev Nagar were busy preparing for the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev and do their bit for the society. The family not only organized a 'chhabeel' (sweet water distribution) but also distributed free CDs related to Sikh religion among the commuters.\"We organize a 'chhabeel' every year, and this time we decided not only to carry forward this tradition but also set up a special counter for books and CDs related to the Sikh religion,\" said, Harjinder Singh, 26, who is also the owner of a bakery shop in city.His 16-year-old cousin Subegh Singh, who is a resident of Sarabha Nagar, said, \"When someone serves you chilled sweet water with love in this heat, it truly leaves a lasting impression. Harjinder's idea of distributing CDs was a hit as there were many people who appreciated the gesture and took the CDs conveying their gratitude.\"Kanwalpreet Singh, 24, a resident of Sarabha Nagar said, \"It was truly my honour to serve people in this scorching heat. This service to mankind is indeed one of the greatest things about our religion and Punjabi culture where you serve the rich and the poor alike. Our entire family comes turn by turn to serve here.\"\"It's very hot these days and the 'chhabeel' was a welcome drink to quench thirst. I have also taken two CDs - one of Bhai Taru Singh and the other on rise of Sikhism. In addition, I have taken some books as well,\" said Savneet Kaur, who works in a production house.Similar 'chhabeels' were organized by the residents at various places in the city and people serving were witnessed requesting commuters to stop and have the sweet water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14074304", "title": "Govt hospitals run out of lifesaving IV fluids", "text": "HYDERABAD: Government hospitals in the state are reeling under a shortage of IV fluid for the last one month. The deficit was triggered as suppliers suddenly discontinued providing the stock as their demand for a hike in the rates of the life saving fluid (the maximum retail price of which was recently revised by the Centre) was not met.The hospitals have been directed to purchase the IV locally but the shortage persists. Hospitals are rationing the stocks and in emergency situations, attendants of the patients are being asked to buy it from outside.State-run hospitals require 15 lakh bottles of various IV fluids every six months. The demand is huge in government hospitals but if the demand-supply gap is significant in the city-based hospitals, it is massive in other parts of the state.At Osmania General Hospital (OGH), sources said that the hospital needs a minimum 1,000 IV fluid bottles daily but the condition is such that it has not received even a single bottle from AP Health Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC), the official supplier. The hospital, however, is buying 700 bottles daily due to financial limitations, a figure that is 300 bottles short of the actual requirement. While there are various types of IV fluids, the normal saline, that is most in demand, is in short supply. \"Normal saline is also used for cleaning wounds and for hand wash. We have asked the health staff to use the liquid judiciously,\" an official from the hospital maintained.Hospital authorities said that though they are being asked to make purchases directly, there are limits on the procurements and big government hospitals where the demand is huge are forced to make adjustments. About 2-3 weeks ago, there was acute shortage at Gandhi Hospital when not even a single bottle of normal saline was available. After the junior doctors represented, the hospital received some stocks two days ago.A medico working in Government General Hospital, Vijayawada, said that out of the five basic IV fluids used in hospitals, just a couple of them are available and that too in short supply. Normal saline is unavailable even here. \"Patients who undergo surgery require IV fluids. Besides, since it is summer, many dehydration cases are coming and a chunk of them are poor, who cannot afford to buy the liquids from outside,\" said the doctor. He added that if the patients have money, they are buying. Some of them are instead put on other forms of fluids that are not commensurate. Representations to the district collector have not helped, he said.Authorities at Andhra Pradesh Vaidya Vidhana Parishad (APVVP) that has 200 institutions under its purview reiterated that hospital heads were asked to purchase IV fluids from hospital funds. \"We have given permission to the local superintendents to buy from hospital funds,\" said Dr Phani Koteshwar Rao, commissioner, APVVP.According to a stockist, the price was revised by the GOI from Rs 17.16 to Rs 24.96 in February this year. J Syamala Rao, MD, APHMHIDC, said that contractors are refusing to supply unless the prices are increased. \"On short term basis, we have arranged some stocks through an interim supplier as an emergency measure. An order for four lakh bottles was placed and the due date for supply is close but it is not adequate. We have opened a tender on Saturday and the new contractor will be finalized soon,\" said Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14076352", "title": "Driver who got Adarsh flat did not know where Colaba was", "text": "MUMBAI: A Nagpur-based driver with an annual salary of Rs 34,000 and a Thane real estate agent with a monthly salary of Rs 15,000, who were allotted flats in Adarsh housing society for Rs 60 lakh, were grilled before the judicial commission on Tuesday.\"When I applied for the flat in 2001, I did not know where Colaba was,\" said Sudhakar Madke, who works as a driver with SMS infrastructure, run by the Sancheti family. He said he had requested one of the chief promoters and an accused in the Adarsh case, R C Thakur, for a flat in Mumbai and was told that the Adarsh flat would cost him Rs 15 lakh. Madke was allotted a 650-sqft flat. He said he had got a Rs 60 lakh loan from his employer. \"I did not execute any document nor did I give any security to my employer,\" said Madke, adding that he has not repaid the loan. \"The company has not given any notice to me,\" said Madke, insisting he would pay it back.Madke was confronted with a letter by the company that in the event of his inability to repay the loan, the flat would be transferred to the company. Madke claimed that he was not aware of the letter.A real estate agent Siddarth Ghamre, who was allotted an 800-sqft flat, was also questioned. He said Rs 64.55 lakh was paid by Lodha builders, who owed him Rs 1 crore.Adarsh members commander A P Kumar and retired major general V S Yadav were also quizzed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071858", "title": "Focus on Vidarbha development, Gadkari tells media", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP national president Nitin Gadkari appealed to the media in Nagpur to focus on development of Vidarbha as it has remained neglected over the years. He was addressing a big gathering at Hotel Centre Point during the Nagpur launch of Maharashtra Times, the Marathi daily from Times Group. After Mumbai, Pune, Nashik and Aurangabad, this is the fifth city where MT is being published from.Virtually the who's who of the city attended the programme. Among politicians, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe, state minister Anil Deshmukh, mayor Anil Sole, Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti, former standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi, former ministers Ranjit Deshmukh, Anees Ahmed and Satish Chaturvedi, city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta, former deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe were present.Among bureaucrats NIT chairman Pravin Darade, collector Saurabh Rao and a few others attended the launch programmed. Also present were commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, social activist Umesh Choubey, acting vice-chancellor of Nagpur University Arvind Chaudhary, registrar Mahesh Yenkie, management council member Mahendra Nimbarte, ICAI chairman Abhijeet Kelkar and former chairman Julfesh Shah and CAIT chairman BC Bhartia.Gadkari congratulated the Times Group for opening the fifth edition of Maharashtra Times. \"Bringing out a newspaper is a huge challenge and I think the company has done a commendable job by expanding its horizons. I hope that the quality and competition will rise with launch of this daily,\" he said.The BJP chief asked the media houses to promote tourism in Vidarbha as it boasted of rich flora and fauna. \"Just visit Tadoba wildlife reserve and you a have a fair chance of sighting a tiger. Unfortunately, places of tourist interest in Vidarbha lack good facilities because of forest department's restrictions,\" he said, adding that the media should try to highlight such problems. Gadkari also mentioned about Mihan and availability of large number of professionals due to presence of as many as 38 engineering colleges in the district.RPI leader and poet Yashwant Manohar, the other chief guest of the day, described MT's launch as a historic step. \"Unfortunately, Vidarbha is infamous for farmers' suicides and Naxal problem. Your newspaper should try to highlight these issues plaguing the region since long to find solutions,\" he said. He added that on the one hand, the state and Vidarbha were becoming global but their local problems were also increasing. \"Vidarbhaites sometimes feel that they are living in island due to partial treatment meted out to them. I hope MT will bridge this gap,\" he said.Earlier, the BJP chief felicitated State Board HSC topper from the region Snehal Kose from Brahmapuri and CBSE Class X topper Runjan Bhelekar for their success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071486", "title": "Convention on women leadership", "text": "KOCHI: 'Convention on women leadership', a one-day conference, will be organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) at the Gateway Hotel today from 10am to 6pm.The conference would be inaugurated by Leela Samson, chairman, Sangeet Natak Akademi and chairperson, Central Board of Film Certificationc. The keynote address will be delivered by Jennifer McIntyre, consul general, United States Consulate General.Key speakers include Sabriye Tenberken, managing trustee, Kanthari International, Dr B Sandhya, IG of Police, Anjali Menon, film director, Sheela Kochouseph, managing director, V Star Creations Pvt Ltd, to name a few. The plenary session focusing on women leadership in different fields of health care, media and social organization will be followed up by a panel discussion on 'women as leaders of change'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14076310", "title": "Maharashtra govt trying to shield corrupt corporators?", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that could be seen as efforts to shield corrupt corporators and councillors, the state government is planning to amend municipal laws and identify them as public servants. Identifying councillors and corporators as public servants would mean an investigative agency will have to take the state government's permission before taking cognizance of any criminal offence or corruption case against them.The changes are being sought as according to section 21 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), corporation Acts identify corporators as public servants. However, in case of application of provisions of Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC) or the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, several corporation Acts do not recognize corporators as public servants. At present, Maharashtra's corporation acts do not clarify whose permission is required if criminal or corruption charges are be to be initiated against a councillor. A proposal to amend sections of various municipal acts, including those applicable in cities like Mumbai and Nagpur, will be taken up at the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday.Even as the government is mooting the proposal based on the argument that the change would expedite the process of taking action against the local public servants, the state law department in its recommendation has said \"as such, strictly speaking, it may not be necessary to obtain previous sanction of the state government to take cognizance of such offence and in the opinion of this department, the purpose could just be achieved by issuing administrative instructions\". As it is the power to disqualify or remove a councillor is vested with the state government under various other sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14076798", "title": "Dhoble\u2019s career marked by controversies", "text": "MUMBAI: In news now for conducting raids on pubs and eateries, Vasant Dhoble is not new to controversies. He has in the past been booked in a custodial death case, suspended, and criticized for showing highhandedness and for dispensing \"on-the-spot\" justice.Currently an assistant commissioner of police, Dhoble was reportedly kept out of active posting for long because of his \"violent behaviour\". He is said to always carry a hockey stick, supposedly to \"deal with\" violators of law. He has been accused of assaulting people while conducting raids on bars, eateries and hookah parlours.These, however, are the lesser charges against the man being seen today as a self-assigned gatekeeper of morality. In 2008, while he was with the Mumbai crime branch, Dhoble was accused of \"negligence\" when 12 files related to Dawood Ibrahim's gang went missing. Years before, he was booked for the custodial death in 1983 of one Abdul Khan at D N Nagar police station. It was alleged that Dhoble assaulted Khan during interrogation, which led to the death. Dhoble was eventually cleared of the charges, though there is a departmental inquiry pending in the case. It is also said that Dhoble was once dismissed from service in connection with a Pune case, but reinstated after a few years.In his defence, Dhoble, who currently leads the Social Service Branch, says: \"I don't mind people partying and enjoying in pubs. I just want rules to be followed. I never act against customers unless they are involved in unlawful or immoral activities.\"A police officer, on condition of anonymity, says that Dhoble's high-handedness was visible years ago too when he was an inspector at Byculla police station. Dhoble, the officer claimed, had spread terror among hawkers in the area by beating many of them in public for encroaching the footpath.Police officers said that Dhoble's \"forced use of laws\" sometimes weakens cases, leading to difficulties for investigating officers in filing chargesheets and collecting evidence. Usually, Dhoble, after conducting raids, hands over the cases to the local police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072684", "title": "Snag cripples cellphone use in parts of Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A major breakdown in an optical fibre cable (OFC) of telecom company Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) affected the functioning of 55 out of 115 BSNL base transmitting stations (BTS) affecting mobile connectivity in the city.BSNL mobile connectivity went down in the early hours of Tuesday, as a technical snag developed at Kannamwar bridge due to the fibre cable breakdown.\"The OFC has an alternative to divert signals in case of a breakdown in one line. Accordingly after the Kannamwar line broke down, signals were diverted through Satpur, which also developed a technical snag at Pathardi Phata, affecting 55 BTS in the system and paralysing the network,\"a senior department official said.Transmitting stations in the area including Canada Corner, Satpur, Dwarka and Pathardi went down simulatenously. The Nashik Road and Deolali areas had to bear the brunt of shouldering the overload because of which many customers in the area also had trouble connecting on their cellphones the official said.Additionally, BSNL landlines were also disrupted due to excavating work on the Mumbai-Agra highway at Rajeev Nagar and Pathardi Phata, which damaged cables at two sites. \"The problem affected about one thousand landline customers,\" the official said. BSNL officials claimed landline services had been restored by afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14077189", "title": "Govt, civil society vow to protect child rights", "text": "GUWAHATI: Amid increasing incidents of child exploitation and the growing number of children engaged in hazardous jobs in the city, government officials and civil society members vowed to jointly protect their basic rights. A grass roots awareness initiative was organized on the occasion of 'The World Day against Child Labour' to highlight the issue at Hafiznagar slum area at Bamunimaidam on Tuesday.Kamrup (metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri said it is illegal to engage children in any kind of economic activity and the Right to Education policy is the only way to protect the children. He said: \"It is great to see these young children of the slum eager and willing to get back into mainstream education, something that did not seem possible even a year ago.\"Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) commissioner Puru Gupta also interacted with the children and said education is the only way to improve oneself and become successful. He assured that initiatives would be taken by the GMC under the Rajiv Awas Yojana scheme to rehabilitate the residents of Hafiznagar.With rapid growth in Guwahati, a number of incidents of children being engaged as domestic helps, workers in garages and public transport has also come to light in recent times. Deprived of education, many youngsters are making a living rag-picking, trawling through rubbish dumps, selling newspapers or begging.Utsah, the non-profit charitable organization has been providing non-formal education to children of the Hafiznagar slum area through its on-site schooling programme. The objective of the initiative is to bring children of the area back to school through an alternative and innovative educational approach. The International Labour Organization (ILO) launched this initiative in 2002 to focus on the global extent of child labour and the actions and efforts needed to eliminate it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14075694", "title": "J Dey murder case: Another chargesheet filed", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the first death anniversary of journalist J Dey, the crime branch on Tuesday filed a second supplementary chargesheet in his murder case before the special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) court. The 119-page document filed against the accused, scribe Jigna Vora and alleged arm supplier Deepak Sisodia, contains mobile phone details and four witnesses' statements.The police recorded the statement of the administration department of the newspaper where Vora worked as a deputy editor. The witness said that after going through the attendance muster, she found that Vora was on leave from June 9-18, 2011. A copy of the muster was attached to the chargesheet. The witness stated that Vora had not given any intimation about the leave and had left suddenly.The police had alleged that Vora instigated gangster Chhota Rajan to order the hit on Dey. She was accused of emailing Rajan Dey's motorcycle registration number, his office and residential addresses and articles by him.The police have recovered the two mobile phones used by Sisodia which were in the names of two others. \"We have traced the owners of the SIM cards, who we have made witnesses,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Google had refused to provide information on Jigna's two email accounts, citing US laws, last December. \"We hope to get the email details, which will be additional evidence against Jigna,\" Roy added.Sisodia's bail application will be heard on June 16 and Vora's plea comes up on June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14086142", "title": "Chaze Mobile launches dual-SIM feature phone 'Chotu'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Targeting the youth in the country, domestic handset maker Chaze Mobile on Tuesday launched its full-featured phone 'Chotu' priced at Rs 1,099, which may be one of the lowest priced branded devices in the country.Meant for the Indian youth, 'Chotu' (meaning small in Hindi) is a fully loaded multimedia handset available at a cost-effective price point of Rs 1,099, which makes it an engaging device for the Indian mobile consumers, Chaze said in a statement.The dual SIM handset features a 4 GB expandable memory slot, 4.6cms TFT display, FM Radio, 1.3 MP camera with zoom, mobile tracker, torch and dual charging point, among others.It also features Chaze Smart Zone comprising games, Facebook, Yahoo , Twitter and Google, the statement said.\"With an aim of bringing technology to the common man, the brand Chaze has been envisioned to deliver consumer satisfaction by offering a wide range of mobile handsets positioned at value proposition and best feature attributes,\" Chaze Mobile CEO Keshav Arora said.The offering of 'Chotu' is a step towards bringing the same ideology to the masses, he added.Though handset makers are increasing their focus on smartphones, there is still strong demand in the small-sized, feature phone segment as it finds favour among many first time mobile phone buyers, especially in emerging markets like India.The company recently had appointed adult film star Sunny Leone as its brand ambassador.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069326", "title": "Pakistan tour to India: BCCI to seek government clearance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BCCI's invitation to Sialkot Stallions, Pakistan's domestic T20 champs, to play in the Champions League T20 had raised hopes of a revival of bilateral cricketing ties between India and Pakistan soon.However, it is now learnt that there is no clarity about when the proposed series could happen. In fact, there is uncertainty about the participation of Pakistani cricketers even in the IPL. Despite repeated requests from the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) to resume cricket ties with India and push its players in the IPL, the BCCI is unable to offer any immediate solutions.Reason? The Board is yet to get a \"go ahead\" from the Indian Government. And this one will have to come from the highest authorities in the government - who may not be in a tearing hurry to say yes. Despite a hectic international calendar at home till March next year, BCCI are considering a one-off series against Pakistan, but only after the government gives a clear indication.Sources say that the BCCI officials will approach the authorities once again to seek a clear directive with regards to Pakistan's trip to India.\"We will announce the arrival of the Pakistani team only after the government gives us the nod to allow Pakistan players in India. As far as the BCCI is concerned, the Board will do whatever it takes to revive the series, but we can't commit when Pakistan will tour India,\" a top BCCI official, who didn't want to be named, told TOI on Monday.Whenever a national team comes to India for a series, the concerned body first takes permission from the Home Ministry, who in turn clears the tours. However, BCCI can't follow the same protocol in case of Pakistan.As of now, the Board is only committed to ensure that Pakistan's domestic champions T20 champs, the Sialkot Stallions will play in the CLT20.Incidentally, the Pakistan T20 champs may not play on Indian soil at all. That is because South Africa has expressed the interest to host the event this year, which has the BCCI backing. The venue for the T20 event will be announced after the CLT20 governing council meeting in Malaysia on June 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075379", "title": "Bangalore kids in finals of global science fair to be held in US", "text": "BANGALORE:Rohit Fenn, a student of Bethany High School, Bangalore, found it criminal that each toilet flush wastes about six litres of water. So he redesigned the toilet such that it conserves 50% of the overall water used in a single flush. His redesign won him a place among 15 global finalists in Google Science Fair 2012.Along with Raghavendra Ramachanderan from Bangalore and Sumit Singh from Lucknow, Rohit will represent India in the second edition of the global competition. The fair is a global science contest that challenges young minds to conduct experiments that could change the world.The students will compete for the grand prize of $100,000, an expedition to the Galapagos Islands through National Geographic, and a chance to experience working at CERN, Google or Lego.\"Mine was the simplest project. I mean there was no complicated physics or chemical names. It was just a toilet,\" says 17-year-old Fenn, and adds modestly : \"I was completely blown away by the standard of the other projects.\" Fenn 's project uses a partial vacuum in the flush to use water more effectively.Raghavendra Ramachanderan is a chemistry whiz. Through his project, Visible Light Deoxygenation, he's developed a chemical reaction that converts alcohol into their corresponding alkanes (notably, methane and ethane ) using light. He believes a serious application of his formula is in using fuel multiple times. Ramachanderan, 17, also won the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair award for Chemistry in May for his project.14-year-old Sumit Singh designed a low-cost vertical multi-level farm to increase agricultural yield. The farms he envisages can be grown on verticalstructures,thushelping farmers to grow more crops and increase their output. He says it can be easily done using bamboo shoots and mud tiles. The biggest challengewhiledesigning the structure was to ensure each level could get adequate sunlight to grow crops. He says the only disadvantage of this method is that big farming equipment cannot be used.The students will fly to Google's headquarters in California in July to take part in the grand finale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071456", "title": "When jazz 'gatecrash'ed this school", "text": "KOCHI: Their smiles widened as Eric Vloeimans took out his famed trumpet. Some clapped, some walked up to him to touch the instrument while the rest looked on. The 50-odd students of Sampoorna Special School were in for a treat as this master trumpeter played for them, taking time off his busy schedule in the city.The Dutch band, 'Gatecrash', was in Kochi to perform at the Casino Hotel. The members had spent time with the students of Raksha Special School on Monday. And on Tuesday, it was the turn of the children at Sampoorna School to spend quality time with the musicians.The band members also interacted with the students of St Teresa's College, telling them about music and its importance in life. \"Music has a universal language. It is played by a heart for hearts,\" Eric Vloeimans told the youngsters. This founder of the band turned out to be a crowd puller as he spoke about harmony that is essential to create the right mood while performing.\"It is also important that the souls of the band members be in harmony to deliver a good performance,\" he said. Vloeimans told them about how he had got interested in jazz; how at 19 he got hooked to it after watching a trumpeter from the United States performing, and decided that he would form a band of his own sometime. The ambience in the auditorium was serene even when the band's groovy beats invited some feet tapping. The crowd clapped and danced to their tunes as Eric Vloeimans explained to them the beats and moves. The band members later inaugurated the music club activities of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069265", "title": "Forests off limits for all mining?", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the environment ministry's draft proposal for 'inviolate forest areas' is accepted, large swathes of healthy forests, including national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, tiger reserves and wildlife corridors, would be out of bounds for all mining activities, and not just coal excavation.The ministry's draft lists criteria for identifying forest patches where mining should be banned following the GoM on coal's decision to junk the no-go policy of the environment ministry. The GoM instead asked the ministry to delineate 'inviolate forest areas' based on a new set of norms.A committee, under environment secretary Tishyarakshit Chatterjee, has submitted its draft report that looks to give the demarcation legal teeth by notifying inviolate patches under the Environment Protection Act, 1986. Although initially promoted by the coal ministry and Coal India Limited , the no-go policy was attacked later by mining lobbies for lacking a legal mandate.The norms proposed include forest cover, forestry type, biological richness and wildlife value of areas under review, hydrological and socio-economic benefits. These are tough criteria that can be difficult to overlook in grant of mining rights.The formula and criteria recommended by the Chatterjee panel will mean that areas within 1 km of parks and sanctuaries and critical migratory corridors linking wildlife habitats would almost by default be regarded as inviolate.The strong pro-environment criteria recommended by the committee takes more into consideration hydrological values of forests like whether green patches are catchment areas for rivers or feed wetlands. This will also command weight in demarcating the area not to be mined.Areas located within direct draining catchment of streams utilized as water sources for projects would automatically be excluded. Boundary areas of important wetlands bigger than 10 hectares and storage reservoirs for irrigation, water supply or power projects too would be off limits.The committee has recommended that in the first phase, the Forest Survey of India (FSI) mark areas on the basis of wildlife and forestry-related criteria. Then, state and central agencies along with the FSI collect and generate data on the three other parameters - hydrological, socio-economic and aesthetic values.Once this exercise is complete, the ministry would notify areas under the Environment Protection Act after taking the views of state governments and other stakeholders, the panel has advised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071643", "title": "Cops claim vital leads in Meerut murders", "text": "LUCKNOW: Meerut police on Tuesday claimed getting vital leads into leads into the murder of two youths who were shot dead at a petrol pump on Monday evening. The murders are believed to be a fallout of a dispute between two student groups over eve-teasing at a Mall on Sunday.Meerut SP (City) Om Prakash said they were working on some leads and anticipate a breakthrough soon. \"We have specific information about the persons involved in the crime,\" Prakash told TOI. The two deceased were identified as Rahul Gujjar and his friend Sanjay. On Monday evening, Rahul received a phone call where the caller asked him to come to Saket petrol pump in Civil Lines. He reached the petrol pump with his friends Shivam, Gaggan and Sanjay and found a group of youths waiting for them.Eye-witnesses said the two groups were still in conversation when around half a dozen youths emerged from behind a truck and opened fire. Rahul and his friends were caught between the two groups. Since the group which had called Rahul was not hit by the bullets, it seems it was part of the firing conspiracy.As Rahul and Sanjay hit the ground with gunshot wounds, the assailants fled the scene on two bikes. Two policemen on a motorcycle intercepted four killers but the latter managed to escape. Rahul and Sanjay were rushed to Sushil Jaswant Rai hospital where they were pronounced dead upon arrival.Police said the two sides had gone to the PVS Mall in Meerut on Sunday morning when they entered into a heated exchange following a dispute over eve-teasing. The issue was then resolved on the intervention of some members on the two sides. On Monday morning, some of the members of the two groups again arranged for a meeting between the warring sides but in vain. With none of the sides willing to accept that their action was wrong, the meeting ended inconclusively. Then around 9pm Rahul gat a call inviting him to the gas station to sort out the issue.Rahul Gujjar hailed from Meerut itself and was pursuing Masters in Computer Applications while Gagan Chaudhary is the nephew of a sub-inspector posted at Civil Lines police station. Sanjay, a native of Bulandshahr, was working as a part-time driver while Shivam is pursuing BSc from Meerut College. Shivam and Sanjay were putting up at Sitaram Hostel near Victoria Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14077812", "title": "Rain unlikely before June 18", "text": "PATNA: If you are sweating buckets and praying to the raingod to shower down on the soaring temperature, the weatherman has bad news for you: the monsoon that was expected to hit the state by June 11 to 13 is not going to arrive before June 18.\"The temperature was on normal lines in May though it was higher than the temperature recorded last year,\" said Patna Met department director Ashish Sen. After a hot summer, the temperature was expected to drop to 37-38 degree Celsius in June this year. Instead, it went further up, reminding people of the hot weather conditions in 2010. The intensity of the heatwave can be gauged from the fact that the mercury has crossed the 44-degree mark this month.\"The monsoon hit Kerala four days late. Obviously this will affect the entire country,\" Sen said and added though the monsoon had touched northern Bengal, in Bihar's neighbourhood, it hadn't yet moved from there. He expected its movement by June 17 or 18. He said the El-Nino weather pattern, which adversely affects the south-west monsoon, might come into picture but the overall factors were so far favourable. \"At this point of time, the earth is inclined in such a manner that it gets maximum radiation from the sun. Temperatures, therefore, skyrocket. The south-west monsoon is the only respite. Since it has been delayed, the heatwave has intensified,\" he said.Patnaites are a harried lot. \"One feels drained out despite taking lot of liquids,\" said a housewife residing at Ashiana Nagar. Mothers of school-going children are worried how they would send children out when their schools reopen next week after the summer vacation. \"If the heatwave condition persists, schools must give a second thought to their vacation schedule,\" said Megha, whose children's school is scheduled to reopen next week.According to Private School and Children Welfare Association president Shamael Ahmad, while some schools are scheduled to reopen on June 18, others are reopening on June 25 and yet others on July 2. \"If it doesn't rain soon, I will request the schools to extend the vacation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14072025", "title": "Raia woman's 'mysterious' death at Goa medical college puzzles police", "text": "PONDA: Ramiza Rafique Shaikh, a 49-year-old woman from Raia, died under mysterious circumstances at the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim after she was taken there from her relative's residence at Usgao following complaints of diarrhoea.Though the police have registered a case of unnatural death, the viscera has been preserved as the exact cause of death is not known. Ponda police said that the deceased is the second wife of Rafique Shaikh and lived in Raia. His first wife lives at Khareband-Margao. The deceased has no children from the marriage.On Sunday, Ramiza visited her sister's son-in-law at Usgao in Ponda where she got diarrhea and her blood pressure began to drop drastically. She was rushed to the Community Health Centre, Ponda, which referred her to GMC where she breathed her last late Monday.A forensic team had conducted a postmortem of the body, but could not ascertain the exact cause of death. The police have registered the case as an unnatural death under Section 174 of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14072330", "title": "Power supply to improve by year end", "text": "NOIDA: Power transmission capacity in Greater Noida may soon reach in excess of the breakeven point by the end of 2012 if work on the two substations, Gharbara and RC Greens, are completed within the targets fixed for them this year. Both Noida and Greater Noida have been facing an unprecedented power crisis this summer due to inadequate transmission potential with the distribution companies.Even though Greater Noida has grown rapidly in the last few years leading to consequent increase in power demand, infrastructure meant for transmission of electricity has not been developed accordingly by the state government. In 2008-09, a study conducted by the Town and Country Planning Organization of Union ministry of urban development found that against a demand of 80MW in Greater Noida, only 50MW was available.\"The demand as of now is around 190MW, but we are able to supply only about 140MW. Even though we purchase electricity from various sources under the open-access regime, ensuring full supply is not possible due to transmission constraints,\" said an official of NPCL.However, it is expected that power transmission capacity would reach around 290MW by the end of 2012 if the 220/33KV substation in Gharbara is constructed within deadline and it begins operations. \"Construction was delayed because soil-levelling work on land allotted for the Gharbara substation took a lot of time,\" said an NPCL official.The Gharbara substation is being built by the Greater Noida Authority with a budget of around Rs 32 crore, following which it will be handed over to UP Power Transmission Corporation. It has a transformer with a capacity of 100 MVA. \"The Authority has already completed 80% work related to construction of the substation and it is expected to be complete by December 2012,\" added the official.NPCL says that completion of the Gharbara substation, in addition to the upgrading work on RC Greens substations from 132KV to 220KV, would increase transmission capacity beyond the required level in Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14069946", "title": "Man pushes wife to death", "text": "HUBLI: A woman died of head injuries when her husband pushed her to the wall following a quarrel between them. The deceased is Holevva Kiresur, 35. The incident took place on Monday night at the couple's residence at SM Krishna Nagar in Hubli. Kasabapeth police inspector G K Lokesh told TOI that Holevva was married to Nagappa Kiresur for the past 20 years and the couple has three children.The couple often used to fight over financial matters. They fought again furiously on the fateful night and in a fit of rage Nagappa pushed his wife to the wall. Holevva suffered severe head injuries and died on the spot.Her mother Kariyamma Narasalgi has registered a case with Kasabapeth police against her son-in-law.Police arrested Nagappa on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14084121", "title": "Priyanka turns work trip to family vacation", "text": "Priyanka Chopra has been rather busy lately. We told you how the actress flew down for her cousin's graduation ceremony in Switzerland on one day only to fly back home to attend Karan Johar's 40th birthday bash the next.Between media events, film promotions and recording an international music album, she has hardly had time for herself. And thus, when PeeCee had to fly off to Singapore for an award ceremony recently, she made sure that she took this chance to spend some quality time with her family.TOI has learnt that the actress flew down her parents to the country and though she was busy preparing for the event, she made sure that her work trip doubled up as a family vacation of sorts.The actress' publicist told, \"The first half of the year has been very hectic for Priyanka. First she was busy with promotions of Agneepath . Then she was shooting for Barfi! and Teri Meri Kahani. She has been travelling to the US often for her music album as well. And now the promotions of Teri Meri Kahani have started.\"Also, her father's health has been a matter of concern. \"Last year he was hospitalised. Even with her work, Priyanka tries to spend time with him,\" added the publicist.Thus, PeeCee decided to mix work with family. \"She took her parents to Singapore. After spending a few days together, Priyanka flew to Australia, while her parents came back home,\" said the publicist. When contacted, the actress, who was already on her flight back, was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070034", "title": "Environment activist writes to Bengal transport minister to check overloading of goods vehicles", "text": "KOLKATA: Air pollution due to vehicular emission is a bigger problem at the night-time than day, as there is lack of monitoring of goods vehicles. This has been pointed out by environment activist Subhas Datta, in a letter written to the state transport minister Madan Mitra. Datta has referred to a 2005 notification by the Centre, based on directions by the Supreme Court. According to him, all states, save for West Bengal, paid heed to the notification and took steps to monitor the overloading of goods vehicles.\"We had moved a PIL in the Calcutta high court on night-time pollution in 2005. The court passed certain directives, but no steps were taken to implement those. While most states have taken measures to stop overloading, no steps have been taken in West Bengal. It is an established fact that overloading causes more emission and as a result, the pollution is higher. The rule is to penalize a vehicle for overloading and also unload the additional load. Nothing of this sort is being done in West Bengal,\" Datta has written in his letter. According to him, the state hasn't set up enough check posts in spite of Centre's directions.\"Though the West Bengal Motor Vehicles Weighbridge Corporation Ltd was set up with the state's initiative and a decision was taken to set up 12 weighbridge check posts along state and national highways in 2008, only one has seen the light of day. Here, it would be pertinent to mention that the state government stands to lose nothing by setting up these check posts. They are to come up on a PPP basis and the state won't have to spend any funds on the check posts. Even the check post, that has been set up, is non-functional due to lack of initiative by the transport department. This matter is now pending before the high court. Due to such lack of initiative, not only is the air pollution level going up and roads getting damaged, the state is losing out on revenues,\" Datta stated in the letter, requesting Mitra to take necessary steps to abide by the courts' guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14069413", "title": "Tamil Nadu teen kills 69-yr-old to buy gaming console", "text": "CHENNAI: A 13-year-old boy was detained on Tuesday for the murder of a 69-year-old woman whose charred body was found dumped in a bush near Sriperumbudur, 35 km south of Chennai, on Monday.Police also arrested the boy's aunt Saritha (28), and her husband Baskar (31) for helping the boy commit the murder and attempting to destroy evidence.\"All three accused confessed to murdering the woman,\" said P Kannappan, IG, North Zone.Investigators said the boy allegedly devised a plan to kill the woman, Rajammal, and steal gold jewellery to buy an expensive video game console.An investigating officer said the thirteen-year-old, a Class 9 student residing in Ambattur region of the city, was living with his aunt Saritha in Eakaadu village of Tiruvallur district for the summer holidays.The officer said the boy asked Saritha to buy him a video gaming device that cost Rs 8,000, but she refused saying she did not have the money.On Sunday, Saritha invited Rajammal, her neighbour, home. \"The boy and Saritha devised a plan to kill her to steal the gold jewellery that she was wearing,\" the officer said.\"They strangled the woman with a towel and smothered her to death. They took the gold ornaments including a necklace and ear studs from the body.\"Saritha then informed her husband Baskar, who was away at work, about the incident. \"They first planned to bury Rajammal's body behind their house, but changed their mind after one of them recalled news of the police cracking a triple murder in Villupuram district and arresting the killer after exhuming the victim's bodies in his house,\" the officer said.Baskar and the boy put Rajammal's body in a gunny bag on Sunday night. \"They took the body to Sengadu village near Sriperumbudur on Baskar's scooter,\" the officer said. \"They dumped the body in a bush, doused it with petrol and set it on fire.\"Rajammal's husband Jayaseelan had died several years ago. When her son Daniel, a businessman in Purasawalkam, tried to contact his mother by telephone and did not receive a response, he lodged a police complaint. The police took him to the morgue in Tiruvallur Government Hospital, where he identified his mother's body.Investigators zeroed in on Baskar and Saritha as the prime suspects after the couple's neighbours said they had seen Rajammal go to Saritha's house on Sunday.\"We have also detained the boy and he will be tried by a juvenile justice court,\" said Sriperumbudur police inspector M Ramamurthy.Kancheepuram police superintendent S Manoharan said his officers are checking with the Ambattur police to see if the boy had any previous run-ins with the law.The boy's friends said he was a compulsive gamer who often played on his friend's system said the investigating officer. When he went to his aunt's house, he pestered his aunt and uncle to buy him a gaming console added the officer.Police have recovered Rajammal's gold jewellery from Baskar's house and have seized his scooter used in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069760", "title": "Three die in a road accident near Dholka", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three persons died and four got injured as a mini bus and a tractor collided on Monday evening. Bagodara police started the investigation and questioned the tractor driver, accused in the case.According to Bagodara police, the incident took place near Dholka crossroads on Ahmedabad-Bagodara highway at 7.30 pm on Monday when a bus was going from Ahmedabad towards Bhavnagar and a tractor loaded with goods came in the wrong lane.\"The bus driver could not avert the head-on collision. Of the 15 passengers in the bus, three died on the spot. The deceased include Darshana Dave, a resident of Sanosara, Khima Bharwad, a resident of Ranghola and Pankaj Parmar, a resident of Sarkhej. Four others got injured and were rushed to Bagodara health center. Many passengers were on a tour and were heading back home. We have filed a complaint against the truck driver who is also injured in the incident,\" said a Bagodara police official.The incident caused traffic jam on Ahmedabad-Bhavnagar highway for more than two hours. The nearby police station personnel were deployed to clear the jam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071869", "title": "Former Lions Club director passes away", "text": "KOCHI: K P A Haroon, former director of the international association of Lions Club, and owner of Zahida Crockery in Ernakulam, passed away in Kochi on Tuesday. He was 67.A member of the Cochin South Lions Club since 1974, he was elected as its international director for 2010-2012. Earlier, he had held many offices including that of the club president, district governor and council chair.Over the years, Haroon had been selected as the best club president, best zone chairman, outstanding Lion and Lion of the year. He also got the Ambassador of Goodwill Award, the highest award the association grants to its members, and the Melvin Jones Fellowship given for humanitarian services. Kerala government had also felicitated him with the best management consultant award and the best social worker award.He is survived by wife Zahida and two daughters, Najeema and Naseera. The body will be kept at the Cochin East Lions Hall at Kadavanthra for the public to pay homage on Wednesday from 8am to 9am. Burial will be held at Perumbavoor Kandanthara Juma Masjid at 11.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mahishadal", "code": "14070223", "title": "Now, Subhendu project hits land hurdle", "text": "MAHISHADAL: Days after Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikari was humiliated in his own turf, when CPM successfully retained the Haldia civic board, the East Midnapore party strongman received yet another jolt on Tuesday when landowners and farmers stopped a project being promoted by the Haldia Development Authority (HDA) and launched an agitation against forceful takeover of farmland.Adhikari is currently the chairman of HDA, the same post that Lakshman Seth had held in 2007, when a notice on land acquisition at Nandigram had sparked violent protests that escalated into a statewide crisis and ultimately catalysed CPM's downfall.On Tuesday, landowners and farmers in Bamuniya village in Mahishadal police station area, stopped trucks from filling up the land in which they farmed with earth. They later threatened to launch an agitation against the Trinamool Congress-government if the party attempted to force the issue. Ironically, it was the very party that had backed the landowners' demand for higher compensation and opposed Seth-led HDA's acquisition in 2001.According to villagers, the 47 acres off National Highway-41 had been forcibly acquired at a throwaway price, leading to several landlosers moving court. Several cases, including that filed by Nanigopal Bagh who had 72 decimals in the acquired area, are still on.\"On December 14, 2001, HDA had through an advertisement in a Bengali daily announced that it would acquire 47 acres in the area for industry. The price was fixed at Rs 2,700 per decimal. With solatium and interest, it came to Rs 4,400 per decimal. When the cheques were handed over in 2006, Reliance was paying Rs 12,000 per decimal in the adjoining mouja of Kapasberia to set up a food park. Though we went to protest at the HDA office, we were evicted,\" recounted landloser Jitendranath Mondal.Fearing that they would lose both land and money, most of them had accepted the cheques. But they also moved court, alleging extremely low payout. Caught in a legal tangle and faced with protests led by local Trinamool leader Ramkrishna Das, HDA had not gone ahead with any project after acquiring the land. For the next decade, farmers, too, had continued to farm on the acquired plot.The status quo was broken on Sunday night when trucks dumped earth from NH-41 to the plot. When the farmers saw the new kuchha road on Monday morning, it sparked curiosity. The next night, trucks laden with earth again arrived and filled a sizeable chunk of the acquired land. On seeing that their farmland had been buried overnight under a mound of earth, incensed farmers and landowners launched an agitation. Some trucks that came during the day to fill earth were stopped and brickbatted.Ramkrishna Das, who is now Ita Mogra 2 gram panchayat pradhan, said he had no clue about the landfilling drive on the sly. His mother Basantibala said they had already bought seeds to sow on the 2 bigha plot that had been completely buried under earth. \"There is uncertainty and fear over what will happen next. How can the party do something like this?\" the shocked woman mumbled.Villagers are livid. \"If Trinamool does a U-turn and tries to forcibly acquire land, it will get a taste of its own medicine. We will agitate and walk on the same path that the party had taught us during the CPM rule,\" said Mondal.HDA chief executive officer P Ulganathan said the land belonged to HDA and a trauma care centre had been planned there. \"I am aware that villagers have stopped work. I am hopeful that the situation can be resolved through dialogue and work will resume soon,\" he said.But villagers are in no mood to relent. They demanded the presence of Adhikari and payment of adequate compensation for the stalemate to end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14070502", "title": "Karnataka police team to visit Indore", "text": "INDORE: A team of Karnataka police would soon be visiting Indore to investigate into the case involving 300 bags full of crumpled currencies recovered in Bellary.Rural circle officer of Bellary, Suleman Tehsildar confirmed the report over phone and said a team would depart on Wednesday for Indore to investigate into the case. He said that an Indore-based organisation had supplied crushed currency notes in 300 bags, to a firm which is into manufacturing plywood. Bellary police want to verify if the organisation which provided the crumpled currency notes was eligible for it or not. For dealing with such currency notes, a person or firm needs a license from adequate authority, he added.Police will also contact RBI officials as well. The official said that value of the notes could not be ascertained as they are soiled.SSP A Sai Manohar also confirmed the report and said that a police team from Karnataka will visit Indore regarding the investigation about some soiled notes sent to Karnataka. They will interrogate the proprietor of one Raj Industries situated in Manik Bagh regarding this. The organisation is believed to have provided the bags full of crushed note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "14077040", "title": "Maoists torch 2 more kendu leaf godowns", "text": "BALANGIR: Continuing their operations in Balangir district for the third consecutive day, the Maoists set afire two more kendu leaf godowns in Khaprakhol area on Monday night. Balangir district earns Rs 70 crore revenue by selling kendu leaves every year.After the third day of arson, the state government sustained a loss of Rs 25.6 lakh as 17 godowns had already been burnt. After Monday night arson, the state exchequer lost Rs 3.6 lakh. Official sources said the livelihood of 1,700 pluckers and binders were hit by the arson.While Maoists are striking one godown after another, police and forest officials are clueless as to how to prevent them from destroying the godowns that are packed with dry leaves ready for sale. Divisional forest officer (DFO) Rohit Singh said in the latest arson, the police camp was near the godowns. \"The Maoists are on a burning spree without bothering for police presence,\" the DFO said. He said the two villages, Beherapani and Turla, where Maoists burnt down the godowns on Monday night are not very remote.Official sources said there are around 1,100 kendu leaf godowns in the district that provides seasonal employment to 1.5 lakh people. In Patnagarh subdivision, a Maoists stronghold, there are 426 godowns. Out of these, 17 have been reduced to ashes in three days. \"The future of watchman, munshi, pluckers and binders is now uncertain with the burning down of godowns. The godowns need to be reconstructed before the next plucking season as the livelihood of many depends upon it,\" the DFO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070511", "title": "Wait for rain in Kolkata grows longer", "text": "KOLKATA: The cityfolks have to sweat it out for a few more days till the rains wash clean the fuming asphalt roads. For scorched Kolkata, It has been an agonizing wait for the rains. The wait for monsoons It could get longer by a few more days, the weather experts according to the Met office.Weather experts on Tuesday said that there wasn't much progression in the course of the monsoon winds. Thus, it might take another week before the city experiences some rainfall. , it declared that the monsoon winds have made no further progress and it could take about a week more to lash the city.With the maximum temperature hovering around the 40 degree mark and humidity in the high 80s, the discomfiture in Kolkata seems to last longer now looks set to last longer than what had been predicted earlier.While the monsoon reached Kerala five days behind schedule, weathermen had expected it to progress faster and reach South Bengal by mid-June. The monsoon has already arrived in North Bengal on June 6, a day after it hit Kerala. It has already reached other southern states like Karnataka, parts of Madhya Pradesh, the Konkan coast and Goa and almost the entire north-east India. Sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim have also received the monsoon.South Bengal should ideally receive the monsoon by June 10 but it is usually delayed by a few days. A cyclonic circulation or a deep depression over Bay of Bengal helps to hasten its onset. Unfortunately, there have been no such disturbances this year. Moreover, the monsoon clouds have been progressing slowly.\"It's already late and there could be a further delay. We are still monitoring its progress. While it reached North Bengal a few days behind schedule, the delay seems to be getting longer for South Bengal,\" said GC Debnath, the director of Alipore weather office.While the maximum temperature on Tuesday was recorded at 37.3 degrees, the humidity was 83%.The highest temperature recorded in Kolkata this summer has been 40.6 degrees celsius. With humidity being on a consistent high, the discomfort index, too, has been far above the normal level.The killer heat has already claimed more than 130 lives across Bengal, including two youths appearing for a police fitness test. More than 130 have so far succumbed to heat-strokes in the state, including two youngsters who appeared for a fitness test to qualify for a police job.With rain clouds yet to gather force, the heat will continue to rule for some more days, no sign of rain yet, the oppressive weather is likely to continue, warned weathermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074334", "title": "3rd merit list unlikely at Mumbai's top degree colleges as cut-offs stay high", "text": "MUMBAI: Contrary to expectations, announcement of the second merit list for admission to top degree colleges on Tuesday saw just a marginal dip of 0.5% to 2% in cut-offs. Top colleges are now sceptical whether any seats would be left for the third merit list.But students must not be disheartened, advised educationists, as most other city colleges would still have 10-30% seats left for the third list.At Jai Hind College, most seats were taken after the announcement of the first merit list itself, leaving not more than 15 seats in each course for the second. \"The cut-off in the second list was not very different from the first because we had very few seats left to offer,\" said Ashok Wadia, in-charge principal of Jai Hind College, Churchgate. The college will hold its orientation session for first-year students on June 13, and regular lectures a day after.All those colleges where 80% of the seats have been filled will start lectures this week.Shobana Vasudevan, principal of R A Podar College, said they might start the academic session for first-year students from June 18 or 21. \"There would be no seats left to offer in both the courses after the second list. After the admissions are taken tomorrow, we will get an idea about vacant seats.\"Students who score above 90% are mostly focused while 85-90% scorers juggle with a lot of options, Vasudevan added.While most colleges hoped to see a major dip in cut-offs for self-financed courses, students were surprised to see the second list cut-offs at top colleges stop at 85-90%. \"Other than the cut-off for BBI (bachelor in banking and insurance) course, which saw a massive dip, all the others saw a minor dip in percentage. Almost 80% of the students whose names appeared in the first list confirmed their admission. So depending on the turnout after the second list, we will know whether there are seats left for the third list,\" said Manju Nichani, principal of K C College. At H R College, there was a less than 2% dip in cut-offs for all self-financed courses.Most colleges, though, told TOI that almost 30% of their seats were still available for the third merit list. \"First merit list always shows a drastic picture of the admissions and this slowly turns around by the third list. Students must be patient,\" said a senior education official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14072085", "title": "'Register all workers to keep tabs on child labour'", "text": "PANAJI: Bailancho Saad, an NGO working for women's rights, called for coverage of all domestic help by a registration system maintained by the state government.Sabina Martins of Bailancho Saad, at an event organized to mark World Anti-Child Labour Day, said that strict observation of the registration procedure is the only way to keep a check on child labour.\"As there is no registration of domestic workers, many households take advantage of the situation and employ children to work for them. To prevent this, Bailancho Saad feels that covering each and every worker under the state registration system should be our main objective,\" Martins said.Martins listed four areas of work where child labour is prevalent -as domestic help; beggars, which includes trafficking of children from different states; flesh trade; and as vendors.\"The country's labour laws consider children below the age of 14 to be minors, who are entitled to receive basic education. The Goa Children's Act, 2003, declares children below the age of 18 to be minors. Taking these regulations into consideration, the Juvenile Justice Act states that children belonging to the 14 to 18 age group can be employed provided they are given education and work under child-friendly conditions,\" Martins said.A representative from the state labour department at the discussion said, \"Altogether 120 inspections are carried out per year, where the establishment under inspection have to prove that they fulfill the different criteria under the labour laws. After proper inspection, the officers in charge can only report and file cases but do not have the right to take the child into custody,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077291", "title": "Nurse run over by train at Pallavaram", "text": "CHENNAI: A 46-year-old nurse of the Government General Hospital was run over by a suburban train while crossing the track near Pallavaram railway station.Palaniammal was on her way home when the accident took place around 6pm on Monday. Palaniammal, married to Pichchai, was a resident of Thiru Vi Ka Street in Pallavaram. Her daughter Shaminee is a student of Salem Medical College, and her son Balan is a BDS student in the city.A staff nurse at GH, Palaniammal has been doing her MSc nursing at the Madras Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14086525", "title": "Camila Alves whispered vows on wedding", "text": "Matthew McConaughey wed long time girlfriend model Camila Alves in a very intimate wedding at the couple's home in Austin, Texas.When the pair said, \"I do\" during the ceremony this past weekend, no one else heard a word.According to Us Weekly, the couple whispered their vows in each other's ears in one of the ceremony's most touching moments.\"No one knew what they said,\" the New York Daily News quoted a source as telling the publication.\"Whatever they said was very emotional. [Camila] was tearing up,\" the source said.McConaughey, 42, and Alves, 29 (who now will take her husband's last name, her rep confirmed to People), decided to go the non-traditional route on a few other wedding staples as well.They eschewed the traditional first dance in the Austin ceremony, as well as the wedding cake, opting for a variety of desserts instead.After sharing a long, passionate kiss, the couple danced the night away on Saturday and kept the party going well into the early hours of Sunday morning.The guests who were still standing on Sunday were then treated to \"crawfish, brisket and fried okra\" by celebrity chef Guy Fieri , in keeping with the weekend's Southern theme.The couple had been together for six years when McConoughey finally popped the question last Christmas.The couple have two children together - son Levi, 3, and daughter Vida, 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075991", "title": "Youth killed for affair with minor", "text": "BANGALORE: An affair with a minor girl proved costly for a 20-year-old mason: he was beaten to death by the girl's brother and his friends past Monday midnight near Banashankari temple. He succumbed to injuries in KIMS hospital at 7am on Tuesday.Prakash Venkatesh was in love with the girl, staying close to his house in Kumaraswamy Layout. \"Prakash had taken her to his friend's residence on Monday afternoon. A neighbour of the girl saw them and informed her family,\" police said.The girl's brother and his gang went to his friend Anthony's residence and attacked Prakash with clubs. Two others were injured in the scuffle. Anthony took Prakash to a private hospital and later shifted him to KIMS. \"He died of head injuries and internal bleeding,\" police said.Prakash's untimely death has left his siblings orphaned. The young mason, who lost his parents five years ago, was taking care of his younger brother, a class 4 student, and sister, in class 9. His elder brother is married and staying in another house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14072056", "title": "Parrikar warned against nepotism", "text": "PANAJI: Satish Sonak, convener of India Against Corruption, Goa, on Tuesday strongly criticised chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the issue of the Goa Lokayukta which the latter had said would be appointed within 100 days.\"We don't want a Lokayukta who is Parrikar's pet,\" said Sonak, while speaking at a discussion on zero tolerance to corruption. D C Sahoo, an officer who Parrikar had claimed he caught red-handed accepting a bribe, was shortlisted for the post of information commissioner, said Sonak while lambasting Parrikar.He also criticised Parrikar's stance of not bringing in the much-needed amendments to the Goa Lokayukta Act.Sonak stated that before the assembly elections the IAC had asked the political parties in the state to make their stand on the Lokayukta clear and that Parrikar's party, the BJP, had in a written assurance promised to ensure the state has a Lokayukta functioning on the lines of the Uttarakhand Lokayukta Act within 100 days.Parrikar had initially stated that he would prefer a Goan judge as the state Lokayukta but later said he was looking for a judge hailing from outside the state.With his government completing 100 days in power on June 16, it is unlikely that the Lokayukta will be appointed before that.Sonak also faulted Parrikar for not taking any action into scams he had exposed when he was leader of opposition.This charge against Parrikar was echoed by RTI activist Sudip Tamankar who said, \"Parrikar's statements that he will initiate inquiries into the various scams are attempts to blackmail (those involved in the scams).\"Tamankar wondered what was taking the chief minister so long in investigating the irregularities in the IDC scam, the SEZ scam among others.He also felt that action should be taken against the officials who issued job offer letters to youth before the elections instead of only blaming the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073298", "title": "15 years on, Uphaar victims' families still await justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen years after the tragic Uphaar cinema fire, that claimed 59 lives, kin of those dead say justice is yet to be done, as several offshoots of the main case are still pending across various courts.Association of Victims of Uphaar Tragedy (AVUT) says its members have been left \"disillusioned\" by the judiciary and dismayed by the government's apathy, a day before it holds a special prayer meeting on Wednesday.Neelam Krishnamoorthy, AVUT president, who lost her two children in the fire, admits to being frustrated with the fact that several cases were pending in the courts and justice is being prolonged. These include a case relating to tampering of evidence where the FIR was lodged in 2006 and accused include a court staffer apart from Sushil Ansal and Gopal Ansal. The case is pending before a Patiala House judge.\"We are not an NGO fighting for someone else's cause. We are the victims here. We feel disillusioned and dejected. After 15 years, we haven't got any justice,\" she said.\"AVUT appealed to the home minister P Chidambaram in September 2010 to grant sanction for prosecuting Amod Kanth (a former Delhi Police officer) but they replied that as the matter is sub-judice, they cannot intervene,\" she added. The kin of the victims have sought permission to prosecute Kanth for allegedly allowing extra seats in the cinema hall, leading to closure of one of its exits.Moreover, the fact that there is still no law to tackle another tragedy like Uphaar is extremely exasperating, said Krishnamoorthy who wrote letters to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi in 2011, the then law and justice minister Veerappa Moily in 2009 and the law and justice Minister Salman Khurshid in 2011, stressing the need to have a law.\"I got promises but the reality is that a proposal for a legislation to prevent such manmade tragedies is still pending with the Law Commission since 2009,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14070553", "title": "Indore retailers cash in on plastic ban", "text": "INDORE: Almost a year after the ban on plastic bags, it has turned out to be a blessing in disguise for retailers of the city who have been minting money from the sale of plastic bags that were sold earlier for free. The money earned from the sale of plastic bags was meant to be diverted to municipal corporation's solid waste management programme, but, a year on, retail chains are pocketing this money and the civic body has failed to get financial mileage out of it.Ban on plastic bags has turned out to be a lucrative preposition for the retailers. Super markets and malls of the city charge customers somewhere between Rs 5 and Rs 7 for each plastic bag, which hardly costs around Rs 2.50 per unit for them. Some plastic bags even cost them less than Re 1 when bought in bulk. A retailer earns minimum of Rs 3 (on an average) on sale of every plastic bag from the outlet.Talking to TOI, an employee of an upmarket mall in the city said on an average, a mall of the city sells around 15kg to 20kg carry bags per day. If there are 65 plastic bags in one kilogram, retailers are making a profit of around Rs 40, 000 just by handing over the carry bags to their customers. Environmentalist Pankaj Sharma said the ban which was meant to save environment has turned out to be a profitable venture for the retailers.\"The ban has only put additional burden on the consumers and provided a new source of revenue for the malls,\" he said that lack of proper planning and implementation of the ban has defeated the purpose,\" he added.The ignorance of IMC entrusted to monitor the ban has also given leverage to the retailers and malls. IMC officials confess that there is no record of money collected from malls from sale of plastic bags.Chief health officer Ranveer Kumar, who has recently taken over the charge, said that efforts are being taken to implement the ban and consumption of plastic bags has definitely come down over the years. One of the civic officials defended the position saying the ban was to discourage use of plastic bags and not to generate revenue from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "14071059", "title": "Cops remove sedition charges against BSP leaders", "text": "HISAR: Under fire from all the quarters, especially the dalit communities who had threatened stir, the district police on Tuesday withdrew the sedition charges in the case made out against leaders of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) who had been spearheading the agitation by residents of Bhagana village.Meanwhile, protest by residents of Baghana village who are camping outside the mini secretariat entered the 22nd day.The incident took place on June 5 when BSP workers and leaders headed by Virender Bagoriya made a foiled attempt to burn effigy of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda during his tour to the city. A total of 46 activists were booked in a case registered against them at a city police station.Initially a case of causing obstruction in traffic flow and obstructing police from performing the duty was registered against them. But, on June 7, the sedition charges were added in the case after Bagoriya gave in before the police.The DSP, who is the supervising officer of the case, Vinod Chalia confirmed the removal of sedition charges in the case. \" The case was re- investigated by me. While watching the video footage, we could not find any such content or act by protesting activists, which could lead to sedition charges. Hence, we have removed the charges,'' said Chalia.Virender Bagoriya, who is leading the protest said, \"Finally, the truth is out. Even as the police has removed the charges and but our six leaders are yet to be released. But, we shall continue our fight for Bhagana residents. But this agitation will be called off on the arrival of our leaders.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071021", "title": "Show cause notice to 30 principals for poor results in Class IX", "text": "BHOPAL: One third of the school principals in the district were served show cause notices by the district education officer for poor performance in class IX results this year.On Tuesday, 30 school principals were served notice by the district education officer (DEO) C M Upadhyay as the pass percentage of students who had taken the class IX exams was below 40%.Upadhyay said, \"30 school principals have been asked to reply within a week's time, failing which action would be taken against them.\"The principals have been asked to identify and elaborate the reason behind the dismal results of their schools, despite the facilities and provisions that were available with the school.There are 85 high and higher secondary schools in the district. More than 12,500 students had appeared for the class IX exams this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071425", "title": "Moghe warns water works officials over quality of water", "text": "NAGPUR: Guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe on Tuesday directed the officials of the water works department, headed by executive engineer S Hastak, to ensure that good quality water is provided to Nagpurians. Action will be initiated against them if residents get contaminated water during monsoon, he has warned.The social justice minister convened a meeting with Congress corporators after they complained about many localities in the city getting contaminated and irregular water supply. Lok Sabha MP from Nagpur, Vilas Muttemwar, MLA Dinanath Padole, leader of opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre, corporators Abha Pande, Yeshashri Nandanwar and others complained to the guardian minister about the step-motherly treatment being given to opposition corporators.Pande drew attention of the minister towards privatization of city's water supply and maintenance works which has failed to solve the purpose of ensuring equal distribution of water.Citing an example, Pande informed the minister that almost three years ago around hundreds of residents from Naik Galli in Itwari had complained to the WWD regarding contaminated water they were getting in their taps as the pipeline is damaged. Despite complaints, till date the WWD had failed to solve the crisis.\"Now, the officials say that it will take another year for them to replace the pipeline,\" she said. \"If this is the case, what is the purpose of privatizing the city's water supply,\" Pande asked.Similarly, former corporator Manoj Sable, whose wife Harshala is a councillor from Gandhi Sagar ward, drew attention of the minister regarding many residents getting contaminated water since many months. The areas include Sindhi Khana (in Ganeshpeth), ESI hospital periphery, Vidarbha Bazaar and Ganesh Dwar.Newly elected corporator Bhavana Lonare and former corporator Manoj Sangole too spoke about the contaminated water being distributed in their wards, Jaripatka and Misal Layout, Kalpana Nagar, Kabir Nagar, Sahyog Nagar and Ahuja Nagar, respectively.Moghe said he would be convening a review meeting on July 17. \"If I receive similar complaints then action will be initiated against WWD officials,\" he said.ZP members too met the minister to air complaints relating to their constituencies. Other issues including Metro rail project, Sanjay Gandhi Niradhar Yojna, encroachments on the bank of Lendi and Naik lakes and lack of grains in the public distribution system shops in many areas of the city were discussed in the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14072266", "title": "Technical University orders probe in college admission process", "text": "NOIDA: The Mahamaya Technical University has ordered a probe into the admission formalities of 24 colleges affiliated with it as they had applied directly to the All India Entrance Engineering Examinations for spot counselling allegedly with the aid of fake documents. University officials said this is in direct violation of the Supreme Court's guidelines for a single-window admission into technical universities, the UP government's guidelines on admissions for technical courses, and the rules set down by MTU.These colleges, which are primarily from Greater Noida, Ghaziabad and Meerut, have been asked to produce the documents on the basis of which the application for spot counselling took place.According to MTU officials, the university can only give admission to students who sat for and cleared the Uttar Pradesh State Entrance Examinations. However, the 24 colleges sent an application to AIEEE asking to fill vacant seats in their colleges through its counselling process.MTU officials said this flouts the admission rules set down by the state government and also the Supreme Court's guidelines for single-window admission, or a common admission entrance test for students. \"We had asked these colleges to submit an undertaking and an affidavit, failing which the names of the colleges will be given to the Central Admission Board,\" said vice chancellor SK Kak.Upon submission of the documents, the university found that a number of documents were incomplete while others had only submitted a photocopy of the letter written to AIEEE. These colleges have been asked to resubmit their documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070492", "title": "Cyclonic winds speed up monsoon", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the development of cyclonic circulation over east central Arabian Sea on Tuesday, the southwest monsoon finally showed promise of progressing further into the country. In the next three days, the system which had so far stalled over coastal Karnataka and Tamil Nadu shortly after its onset on June 5 will become stronger over the west coast and Konkan.\"Under the influence of the cyclonic circulation, the southwest winds have become much stronger. In the next three days, the system should hopefully cover Konkan, Kerala and coastal Karnataka, some parts of Madhya Maharashtra, interior Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Puducherry and Andhra Pradesh. It will continue to remain behind its normal date of arrival over these regions but if one were to consider the deviation of seven days, the system is still within its normal range,\" said M Mohapatra, scientist E, IMD.Monsoon is also expected to hit Mumbai by June 15, five days behind its normal onset date of June 10. Met officials refrained from predicting its onset over Delhi, saying that the normal date was July 1 and it would be difficult to comment authoritatively on its movement till then.Till Tuesday, the country had recorded a deficit of 43% while southern Peninsula was staring at deficit rainfall of 59%. Only the Andaman and Nicobar Islands had recorded any worthwhile rainfall since June 1, the official date of onset for the southwest monsoon, clocking an excess of 58%. Three subdivisions, coastal Karnataka, Kerala and Lakshadweep had recorded deficit rainfall while the remaining six subdivisions had witnessed only scanty rainfall that was between 60% and 85% below normal.\"There will be a significant improvement in the amount of rainfall as well once the system moves inwards. Not only has it been given a push by the cyclonic circulation, it is also much stronger right now,\" said a weather scientist.Till Friday, heavy showers are expected over coastal Karnataka, Konkan and Goa, Kerala, Lakshadweep and Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Heavy showers are also expected over some areas in interior Karnataka and Rayalaseema, Tamil Nadu, coastal Andhra Pradesh and Telangana on Wednesday and more areas thereafter.Meanwhile, the heat conditions will continue over northwest India. Met officials said that the maximum temperatures will remain 2-3 degrees above normal over the northwest plains till June 19 while many areas in east Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Orissa, Jharkhand and Gangetic West Bengal will continue to reel under a heatwave for another couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071094", "title": "VIP road turns suicide point", "text": "BHOPAL: The vantage point on the VIP road in the state capital, along the statue of Raja Bhoj in Upper lake from where the city's landscape and sunrise and sunset are a treat to watch, has earned a dubious distinction of being the 'suicide point'.The bridge close to the statue of Raja Bhoj on the Upper lake is the spot from where maximum number of suicides have been reported in the past few years.As many as eight people have jumped to death from the place in the last six months and the figure is feared to go up further by the year ends. In the year 2010, a total of 10 people committed suicide from there. Suicide numbers rose to 12 in 2011.The city police have also sent a missive to the BMC asking the civic body to put up 10 feet high grills on both sides of the VIP road to prevent people from scaling it.The additional superintendent of police Rajesh Mishra confirmed to TOI that a letter has been written to the corporation around a week back. \"We have asked for installation of grills from Retghat to the Raja Bhoj statue. It must be in process\", he added.Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials claim to have started a process to install iron mesh all along the lake side on the VIP road where the water is deep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14086785", "title": "MP govt to open district-level control rooms in flood-prone districts", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh government has issued directives to open district-level control rooms in flood-prone districts from June 15 or as soon as monsoon rains begin. Control rooms can also be opened at tehsil-level, if needed. Land records superintendent will be deputed as in-charge of each control room. Secretary revenue, Ajit Kesri has issued directives on Wednesday to this effect to all the divisional commissioners and district collectors. It has been said in the directives that control room in-charge will provide flood-related information to commissioner relief and other concerning officers from time to time. Information about in-charge officer's name, telephone number, fax and others should also be made available to people of district besides concerning departmental officers.As soon as, possibilities of floods arise in district, the control room will start functioning for 24 hours. The in-charge officer will provide information about flood situation to state-level control room and army's sub-area commander, Bhopal. A copy of updated reports pertaining to flood situation will always be available at the control room.Instructions have been issued to keep a watch over water level of rivers in the districts where major rivers flow and information should be given immediately and constantly to state-level control room and low-lying areas. Directives have been given to exercise special caution while releasing water from large dams so that flood situation does not deteriorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "vangara (srikakulam)", "code": "14074679", "title": "4 killed in Srikakulam group clash", "text": "VANGARA (SRIKAKULAM): Four villagers were killed and 18 others injured when two groups attacked each other with crude bombs and sharp weapons over a land dispute in Vangara mandal on Tuesday. Condition of two injured are said to be critical. The incident took place in Lakshmipet village, 5 km from Vangara, around 10am.According to police, the incident was a result of an old dispute over the ownership of 14 acres of agricultural land. The dispute over the land between the BCs and SCs had been brewing for the past one and a half years. While members of one group had handed over their land to district authorities for a reservoir project and accepted the compensation, members of the other group insisted on using the land for farming purposes. The clash broke out when members of one group saw that some persons from the other group were cultivating the disputed land.Two persons - P Sundara Rao and S Venkata Rao - died on the spot when the groups hurled country-made bombs and attacked each other with sticks, sharp weapons and stones. Two others - C Appadu and N Sangayya - succumbed while being taken to hospital in Rajam. Additional police forces were rushed to the village and the situation was brought under control. The land, acquired by the government for the Madduvalasa Reservoir works, originally belonged to the BCs.The government compensated them as the land would be submerged once the project is completed.The families of the Scheduled Castes, who depend on pig hunting for their livelihood, were planning to cultivate the land till the works are completed. But the BCs, who got the compensation, were not ready to part with the land. \"Because of the frequent clashes, many SC families migrated from that place. There were heated arguments between the two communities in the last three days,\" sources said.The incident took place on Tuesday morning, when entire police force was busy attending polling duties. Villagers chose to attack each other in their absence. The bomb attack terrified the villagers, who ran for their lives. Both the communities are experts in making crude bombs as they use them for hunting the wild boars.Expressing anguish over the incident, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy announced an ex-gratia of Rs 1 lakh each to the kin of the four killed in the bomb attack. The CM directed the district collector to conduct an inquiry into the incident and submit a report immediately. He also directed the collector to pay Rs 25,000 to each of the seriously injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14072777", "title": "Citizens pledge their support against child labour", "text": "COIMBATORE: The day was packed with events as varied as pledges and rallies meant to sensitize citizens against child labour held across the city. Oath against child labour was administered to government officials as well as workers in private firms and other work places.At the collectorate, M Karunagaran, the district collector, administered the pledge to employees. He also distributed prizes to some former child labourers who passed class 10 and 12 examinations with flying colours. Vehicles were given stickers with messages on the issue of child labour. School and college students participated in a rally that marched from the Collectorate to Nehru Stadium.Childline, an organisation involved in several initiatives for children, organised a few programmes to mark the day. S Uma Devi, co-ordinator of Childline in Coimbatore, said they administered pledge in a school and at a public square. One of the events was at a high school in JJ Nagar, where several children, who used to be deployed as child labour, study. \"This is also meant for the children to be aware that they must play a role against child labour.These students must feel that they will not discontinue their studies and go to be labourers,\" she said.Later, Childline organised a pledge at the Grama Sabha in Malumichampitty. The pledge was administered for villagers who were asked to promise not to recruit children as workers as well as to fight the social evil, she said.Meanwhile, in a stark remainder of the plight of children in the state, five boys were found working in shops and trade outlets in Madurai on World Day for Child Labour Eradication.The children were found during a raid conducted across Madurai on the instructions of collector Anshul Mishra. Though the raiding officials found as many as 14 boys working in the shops and trade outlets, only five were found to be below 14 years of age. The boys were rescued and legal action was initiated against the employers.\"The boys were forced to work apparently due to poverty. But the employers were giving them a paltry pay,\" said an official. Almost all the parents of these children had wilfully sent their wards to work, the official said adding that they were also sensitised on the illegality involved in their act.The raids were conducted at Periyar bus stand, Kamarajar Road, Avaniapuram, Simmakkal in the city as well as rural areas like Sholavandhan and Sellur. Ten teams of revenue and labour department officials conducted the raid. An official said that measures have been taken to rehabilitate the boys and ensure school education for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071032", "title": "Lack of teachers hits pass percentage in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Lack of teachers in school, which affected the quality of education was behind the drop in pass percentage in the results of class X of the state board declared recently, sources in the school education department claim. This year almost 44% students failed in Class X exam.\"A large number of teachers were engaged in different projects and campaigns of the department and they missed their basic job- teaching,\" department officials analyse. \"From removal of around 7,500 teachers in September last year to deputing 500 teachers for discharge of various duties, the reasons for are manifold,\" they maintain.Under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan-II last, around 7,500 school teachers were made into cluster academic coordinator (CAC or Jan Shikshak) to teach at cluster resource centre (Jan Shiksha Kendra) in the state in September last year.This came into effect in September even though the session started in mid-July.The course is generally completed by January-February every year. In January this year, a 'Gyaanpunj' team was constituted which included five teachers from each district. This too was not much effective as hardly students were found in the schools.Then, the correction procedure of electoral lists began in December 2011-January 2012. For this, around 6,000 teachers were pressed into duty in the state.Also this year, imediately after the result was announced, school education minister Archana Chitnis said, \"We would review school results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073807", "title": "Mumbai University paper leak accused in cop custody till Saturday", "text": "MUMBAI: All 16 persons, including the two senior teachers, arrested last week under the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices Act have been further remanded in police custody till June 16.On Tuesday, the 16 accused were produced before metropolitan magistrate R S Rathod, who extended their police custody.Police said they are now looking for at least five more students who had allegedly sold the BEEE , applied physics II and maths question papers to others students for monetary consideration. Police said they were waiting for the exams to get over and will now call these five boys for questioning.While Thakre told police that she has hand written the question paper, Kavita Yadav during questioning told police that Thakre had outsource the task of setting papers to her. To get to the bottom of the case the Mumbai crime branch have asked the manuscript department of Mumbai University to send the original copy of the question paper so that they analyse whose handwriting is it.However police said that arrested peon Bharat Singh of manuscript department of Mumbai University too denied that the handwriting belongs to Thakre.The Mumbai crime branch first arrested 14 persons for the paper leaks. During their interrogations police learnt the roles of Yadav and Thakre.Among the arrested men are Srikant More and Milind Laad, two teachers at Konkan Gyanpeeth Engineering College in Karjat; Sachin Laad and Vivek Gaikwad, lab assistant at Konkan Gyanpeeth and Karjat's Yadavrao Tasgaonkar Institute of Engineering and Technology, respectively. The other accused are Bharat Singh, Paresh Tendulkar, Premchand Kamble and Vikas Ujjanwal-all said to be peons; Ganesh Jadhav, a former employee of Mumbai University; and students Gaurav Talekar, Kiran Labde, Sunil Mohite, Shadab Raut and Milind Musle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14069820", "title": "Land donors will be stakeholders in Karnataka: Minister", "text": "DHARWAD: The government has designed a plan wherein farmers parting with their land for development of residential layouts by Urban Development Authorities will be made stakeholders.When it comes into force the land donor will have a share of 40 per cent in the layout. The response for the plan has been a mixed one, according to urban development minister S Suresh Kumar. The HDUDA here has developed 561 housing sites and has reserved 141 sites for the farmers who have donated their land.Speaking after performing bhumi puja for the drainage works worth Rs 6.67 crore at Sattur he said, the Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) becomes first in the state to set up sewage water treatment plant in a layout developed by them.Priority has been given for providing basic amenities in the layouts made by HDUDA.There is no fund crunch to enhance infrastructure and the legitimate demands of the residents here would be fulfilled soon, he said.Later, he along with district minister Jagadish Shettar planted saplings in the new layout. The HDUDA plans to plant nearly 5,000 saplings in next six months.HDUDA chairman Lingaraj Patil briefed the works taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071355", "title": "Corporation raids Kochi hostels and hotels", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to curb unhygienic practices and regulate the quality of services, the Kochi Corporation raided hostels and hotels in the city on Tuesday.For hostels across the city, this raid has come as a warning. The local body carried out inspections in six hostels and two hotels in the eastern zone of the city.Commenting on the move, health committee chairman T K Asharaf said that establishments which provided substandard facilities were issued notices.A hostel on Mahakavi G Road was asked to close down due to unhealthy situations. Health officials reported that the building lacked proper ventilation and that it was not fit for human habitation. \"Moisture content is high inside the building and there is presence of fungi,\" said Asharaf. The health squad also seized stale food from a hotel near Shenoy's theatre. These products were kept in sealed plastic covers for sale.As part of monsoon precautions, the health department would henceforth conduct raids on alternate days. The squad consists of a health supervisor, a health inspector and many junior health inspectors. Earlier, the corporation had served notices to several hostels for providing low quality food to inmates. The corporation had also warned that they would consider cancelling the licences of those institutions which did not stick to the prescribed standards in food and sanitation.\"While renewing licence we will take into account their previous record. We have also taken action against institutions which run without proper registration and licences,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "14070353", "title": "Tribals set BDO office on fire in Purulia", "text": "PURULIA: Agitated at an altercation with local officers, tribals under the banner of Majhi Santhal Samaj Unnayan Samiti ransacked a BDO office and set it on fire on Tuesday. The tribals also alleged that police had opened fire to ward them off but the district administration denied all charges. Seven people were reported to be injured in the feud.A BDO office was ransacked and set on fire at Burabazar on Tuesday after several tribals, under the banner Majhi Santhal Samaj Unnayan Samiti, who'd come to submit a deputation to the BDO went berserk after picking up an altercation with local officers.The tribals' alleged police opened fire, a fact denied by the district administration. Seven persons have been arrested in this connection.Trouble broke out when the members of the Samiti arrived at the BDO's office. They had earlier sought permission to The issue erupted when the Samiti members who had earlier sought for permission to meet the BDO to put forward to him some of their demands that include . on a host of demands from identifying some tribal sub-sects as Santhali, recognition of their language and solving to resolve the water crisis and other demands. But before they could meet the BDO, they got into an altercation with some officers. The tribals then went berserk, ransacked the office, set it on fire and assaulted some officials. This continued for about 30 minutes till police reached the spot and opened fire on them, alleged the protesters. efore they did so, they had an altercation with some officers. The immediate provocation wasn't immediately known. This led to the protesters to set the office on fire, ransack it and assault government officials.This continued for nearly 30 minutes, till police reached the spot. The protesters alleged police fired several rounds in the air.Purulia SP Shri Sudhakar, however, said, \"The police didn't open any fire. Instead, in face of extreme provocation the police did a very commendable job in dispersing the mob and bringing the situation under control. Seven persons have been held for arson.\"Purulia district magistrate Abanindra Kumar said, \"They had an appointment to meet the BDO in person. Inspite of this, such an incident took place. It appears pre-meditated. Police is already investigating the matter, if it comes to notice that this was an act of mischief, action will be taken against all the perpetrators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074077", "title": "Murdered girl\u2019s second cellphone found", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The second cellphone of deceased Neha Ahlawat, an MBA student who was murdered two years back from Muradabadi in UP recently, has been recovered by the crime branch of Chandigarh Police.The development is considered to be crucial and the investigation agency has zeroed on eight youths including four of Dadumajra village near Sector 38, in the case. Neha was murdered and her semi nude body recovered from Sector 38 on July 30, 2010.Sources in police said forensic report of body parts of the deceased girl have also been received from Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) in Sector 36. The first cellphone of Neha had been recovered after three days of murder from a resident of Colony No. 5 and the slum dweller had nothing to do with the murder. Sources added that the second cellphone was being used by a Muradabad youth, who reportedly disclosed in the interrogation that he had purchased it from a Chandigarh-based resident. Sources said when the youth, who had sold the cellphone to Muradabad-based youth, was grilled, he claimed that he had found the cellphone in a dumping ground near Sector 38.Notably, when Neha was murdered, she was using two cellphones and one of the phones was recovered from the scene of crime. The call details of both the cellphones revealed that the girl was talking to her male friend Bitesh from the second cellphone, which was misplaced. Earlier, Bitesh was one of the prime suspects along with five others, but was given a clean chit after he cleared the detailed lie-detector and brain mapping tests in FSL, Gandhinagar.The 21-year-old girl was murdered when she was returning after attending her tuition classes. Her two-wheeler was found parked in a secluded place in Sector 38 on July 30, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14070325", "title": "Traffic diversions as palkhis arrive today", "text": "PUNE: Several main roads in the city and Pimpri Chinchwad will be closed for traffic for the annual palkhi procession of Sant Tukaram and Sant Dnyaneshwar, which will reach the city on Wednesday and leave for Pandharpur on Friday.The palkhis will reach Mariaai gate on Pune-Mumbai highway on Wednesday afternoon. The common route for both the palkhis on Wednesday will be from Mariaai gate to engineering college chowk, Sancheti chowk, Shimla office chowk, Veer Chapekar chowk, Dnyaneshwar Paduka chowk, Tukaram Paduka chowk, Goodluck chowk, Khandujibaba chowk, Tilak chowk, Vijay theatre chowk, Hamjekhan chowk, Dulya Maruti chowk and Nana Peth.Sant Tukaram's palkhi will halt at Nivdungya Vithoba temple in Nana Peth, while Sant Dnyaneshwar's palkhi will halt at Vithoba temple in Bhavani Peth. Vehicular traffic will be diverted to other roads for the palkhis on Wednesday. Parking of vehicles along the palkhi routes will be prohibited.Meanwhile, the traffic police have appealed to commercial establishments in the city to remain closed to avoid traffic congestion. \"We have appealed to the citizens to avoid roads connecting the palkhi route from 2 pm onwards on Wednesday,\" deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare said. People have been requested to use alternative routes like Nehru Road, Bund Garden Road, Senapati Bapat Road, Satara Road and Sinhagad Road to reach destinations on Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073434", "title": "Man held for blackmailing woman into relationship", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old man was arrested by the Malwani police after he forced a woman to have sexual relations with him and threatened to expose details of her affair with another man to her husband if she refused. The incident took place last year, but the victim approached the cops only last week.The accused, Shailesh Pawar, has been booked on rape charges.The victim, aged around 31, works at a beauty parlour. She has been married for the past ten years and resides at Mira Road. \"Pawar stayed in the same neighbourhood as the victim's parents at Hanuman Nagar in Kandivali East. He was aware of the victim's relationship with another man before she got married,\" senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh said.In August 2011, Pawar met the victim in Kandivali where she had come for some work. He then inquired about her current residence and noted her mobilephone number. Two days later, Pawar called up the victim and threatened to expose details about her previous affair to her husband, if she did not agree to having a physical relationship with him. The victim was very scared and did not know whom to confide in, police said. Pawar was also acquainted with the victim's husband.In August itself, Pawar met the victim at Kandivali and took her to Aksa beach at Malwani, where she was raped. In November, Pawar summoned the victim again and she was raped for the second time. After the victim mustered the courage to inform her husband about her ordeal, the couple lodged a complaint with Mira Road police this year. Pawar was arrested by the Mira Road cops.As the case had occurred in the jurisdiction of the Malwani police, the Mira Road cops transferred it to them. \"Pawar was arrested on Saturday. A metropolitan court has remanded him to police custody. Both, Pawar and the victim, have been sent for a medical examination,\" Shaikh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14077940", "title": "Six persons arrested", "text": "RANCHI: A senior district administration officer said one reason for low turnout of voters was the huge presence of police and recovery of money from supporters of the Ajsu Party candidate. \"The DC and SSP themselves were on the round during the day and arrested anyone who tried to influence voters near the booths. At least six people were arrested by the DC,\" said the officer.Just a few hours before the polling started police seized around Rs 1.8 lakh from workers of Ajsu Party at Nagri. The money was recovered from an SUV owned by supporters of the Ajsu candidate. The JVM-P candidate, who visited at least 100 booths during the day, alleged that the BJP misused government power. \"There is a BJP-led government in the state and they misused the government machinery to favour its candidate,\" said the JVM-P candidate.However, the BJP candidate dismissed the allegations, saying: \"I can also say many candidates distributed money to allure voters but this is not correct. If some body is levelling the allegation then he should prove it,\" Sharda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "14073481", "title": "Empowering women with her pen", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: Nerotma Moudgil, 46, is no ordinary writer. For, she has used her work to highlight issues like terrorism, dowry, female foeticide, exploitation of children and women empowerment. Wife of Sanjay Kumarm, who teaches in a private college, Nerotma says, \"I started writing when I was in Class VII, but lacked the confidence to get my work published. It was only when I got married in 1992 that I started giving a serious thought to the idea of coming up with the book.\"\"After years of hard work, I came up with my first book 'Aashvast' (Assured) in 2007, which is a short novel. The book focuses on the role of a teacher in developing the society by inculcating moral values among the students,\" she adds.\"In 2009, I released my second book 'Jeevan Ke Rang Hazaar' (Thousand colours of life), a collection of poetry. My third book 'Vidula', which has recently been printed, is a novel highlighting that empowerment of woman doesn't happen with slogans. Instead, women have to fight for their own rights.\"Speaking of her support system, Nerotma says, \"My husband and friends always supported me. My father-in-law Manikant, my sons Jyotiraditya and Vibhu also provided me great moral support.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14070695", "title": "Jodhpur girl approaches court to annul marriage", "text": "JODHPUR: When Shobha Choudhary, 23, expressed her wish to annul her marriage, which had been solemnized in May 1998 when she was barely 9 years, the caste panchayat threatened to expel her from the village and impose a penalty as high as Rs 9 lakh.Shobha approached the court on Tuesday, which issued notices to the secretary (home) and Jodhpur police commissioner to ensure her and her family's safety. Her family is particularly scared of being outcast by the panchayat. The court has also appointed a lawyer Rekha Borana as her amicus curiae and has listed the matter for hearing on July 4.Shobha, a well-educated girl of Rajwa village in Keru (nearly 25 km from Jodhpur) got inspired by Laxmi Sargara, who decided to call off her marriage, fixed in childhood, on Akha Teej, a day infamous for child marriages.\"She approached us some time back with the intention to annul her marriage, which was solemnized when she studying in Class III,\" Indu Chopra, deputy director, Women &amp; Children Development Department, said. But this step of Shobha incurred the wrath of the village panchayat, which threatened to outcast her family and impose a cash penalty of Rs 9 lakh.\"We were then left with no alternative but to seek legal help and on Tuesday, justice Sandeep Mehta of Rajasthan High Court, ordered the home secretary and police commissioner to provide protection to the girl and produce an inquiry report against the seven persons mentioned by the girl in the court,\" said Kriti Bharti, a rehabilitation psychologist and local mentor of the girl.When asked the reason of annulment, Shobha said \"The marriage was not my choice. The boy can hardly write his initials whereas I am a graduate, a computer literate working in an institute and am preparing for my B.Ed and RAS examinations.She spent 2-3 days at her in-laws' house after her gauna, for which she was forced but she could not stay there and returned to her parents' place citing the boy's uncooperative and humiliating behaviour and his illiteracy as the reason. \"Now, I am an adult and can take my life's decisions and find a suitable match for myself,\" Shobha said.When we tried to contact Shobha's husband, he remained inaccessible. Kriti said that, we also had a joint counselling session with him, but later on he disappeared and is intractable, perhaps on account of pressure from the village panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071735", "title": "IG orders dissolution of all specialised cells in the Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: After disbanding the surveillance cell of the Lucknow Police two days ago, IG Ashutosh Pandey on Tuesday ordered for dissolving of all similar cells working under the supervision of various additional superintendents of police and deputy superintendents of police.The surveillance cell working under the supervision of IG/DIG/SSP was disbanded by Pandey following allegations of extortion by the cell in-charge levelled by an accused arrested on charges of duping a businessman in the name of procuring him a Bahujan Samaj Party ticket for assembly elections, sources said and added that banning of other such cells comes in wake of similar such complaints.However, Pandey said that the decision to dissolve such cells was taken after it was being felt that there is no need to have such specialised cells as there are already specialised wings for such cases. These special cells were unnecessarily leading to shortage of manpower at the police stations, from where they were taken for such services.\"It was thus decided to investigate all such cases at the police station level,\" the IG said and added that in case, there is no specialised person well versed in dealing with surveillance-related crime at any police station; help from the police station, where such person is present would be taken.The cells were formed almost two years ago to help co-ordinate with the investigating officers, provide them with call details and procure permission for listening live cell phone calls of suspects in cases of extremely serious nature crime like terror activities.The cell was also entrusted with the responsibility of tracking stolen cell phones, complaints of which were lodged at different police stations of the state capital. The mobile tracking was later on handed over to crime branch's surveillance cell.The surveillance cells have performed well in terms of assistance in investigation of heinous crime cases and helped trace a record number of stolen and misplaced cell phones, cases regarding which have been pending with the district police.However recently, the role of the surveillance cell under the supervision of the district police chief came under scanner when a man arrested in a case of fraud accused the members of the surveillance cell of demanding Rs 2 lakh from him to let him off from the case. The accused levelled allegations during the press conference convened by the police to showcase the arrest.Thereafter, Lucknow district police chief had ordered an inquiry into the allegations levelled against the cell members to be conducted by the circle officer (CO) Gomtinagar. Though findings of the inquiry are still awaited, the district police chief disbanded the cell on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074366", "title": "No respite from heat this week", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Days will continue to be dry and sunny, while nights might get windy with light showers. The met department has predicted that the city is unlikely to witness any dip in the temperature this week.The temperature crossed the 41 degrees celsius mark on Tuesday and is likely to remain at this level or a little higher in the coming days.According to the meteorological department director, Surinder Pal, \"In between due to the increase in moisture levels, the city may occasionally experience windy nights with a possibility of a thunderstorm and some drizzle. But this won't lead to any dip in temperature levels.\"On Tuesday, maximum temperature was 41.5 degrees celsius and it is expected to reach 42 degrees on Wednesday. Humidity too was on the higher side.\"The scorching heat has played spoilsport for children, who are having their summer vacation. They are confined indoors for most part of the day and are not able to go out and play before 6 in the evening,\" says Parul Moudgil, a resident of Sector 15.\"This time the summer is worse than last year. The temperature seems to just rise every day. And the persistent power cuts are making the days quite difficult,\" says Alka Gupta, a resident of Sector 35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071546", "title": "Mum's the word from Sanjay Joshi", "text": "NAGPUR: His silence has confounded his critics as well supporters. For the second consecutive day, Sanjay Joshi, the controversial RSS man hounded out by Narendra Modi and spurned by the BJP, managed to dodge the media with the ease an attacking footballer. He has been in the city for two days now.Repeated attempts to break the silence have failed. Reporters and photographers chased him from the minute he landed in the city on Monday. He first evaded every one at the railway station and then at his residence in Trimurti Nagar where he reached to meet his parents.Late in the evening, Joshi was present at the RSS annual camp's valedictory function at Reshimbagh and sat through it lending an ear to Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat's speech. But, at the end of the event when reporters pounced on him, he disarmed them with a smile and a promise to meet later.On Tuesday, since early morning Joshi was reportedly out of town visiting the district, according to sources close to him. He returned in the afternoon and called on ageing RSS ideologue and mentor MG Vaidya. Later, he also visited some colleagues and old friends. His phone was constantly ringing but apparently he knew well which calls to answer, the media were certainly not among them. Colleagues and friends he met during the day also firmly refused to disclose what transpired between them.A full-time RSS man, Joshi had always preferred to be attached to the BJP since the 80s when he actively worked to organize the party in the city. Sources say he was close to getting party ticket to contest as a MLA from the city.But apparently his Brahmin roots proved to be an electoral hurdle and the ticket went to Vinod Gudadhe-Patil who won the seat and later rose to be a minister of state in the BJP-Sena government in the state in the 90s. Much before, Joshi shifted to Gujarat to work for the party. Along with Narendra Modi and Manmohan Vaidya of the RSS, he worked as a team and rose in party and RSS hierarchy.However, by 2000 the troika fell apart and Joshi shifted to Delhi to work as BJP general secretary. Joshi was never a public figure but working behind curtains he has made a name as an excellent organization man. Then the sleaze CD sting stuck him and he fell out of favour of the party.After old friend Nitin Gadkari became BJP president attempts to rehabilitate him began. He was given responsibility of UP before the state election there though Modi vehemently opposed it.Now that the RSS is firmly behind Modi in the recent power churn in the BJP, all doors are shut in the party for Joshi. A reluctant Joshi had to fall in line and give up all BJP responsibilities. Gadkari has also backed out and is keeping a distance from Joshi so as not to ruffle the RSS feathers.Will Joshi take it lying down and fall in line to accept RSS work is not most of close friends here are ready to believe. They are sure that as a committed pracharak, he would not be seen as working against Modi and risk being depicted as a villain if the latter fails to win state elections in Gujarat later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072255", "title": "Memorandum to close shops verified", "text": "NASHIK: Excise officials have initiated an exercise of verifying signatures of people, mainly women, who had signed a memorandum demanding the closure of two licensed country liquor shops in the Satpur area. The exercise is a pre-cursor to getting a referendum of the local residents on the issue.A team of excise department officials is visiting households in the Shramik Nagar and Shivaji Nagar areas of Satpur to verify the signatures of women who have signed a memorandum to close down the liquor shops in their respective areas.As per government norms, if more than 25% women of a particular area give a memorandum in writing that a certain liquor shop in their area should be closed down, the superintendent of the state excise department has to verify whether the signatures are true or false and if they are found correct, he can proceed with an election in the ward to check if more than 50% of women voters or total voters choose the closure of the liquor shop.The superintendent of the excise department, Nashik, J B Patil, said, \"The entire process of completing the formalities for closing down a licensed liquor shop takes three months, from the date of the memorandum presented by the residents of the area in this regard. Apart from this, there is also a clause under which if the requisite work is not completed within the three-month period, the deadline can be extended.\"He said that since a month has already elapsed since the letter pushing for the closure of the shops was presented to the collector, his department would try to wrap up the entire matter in the next two months.Incidentally, corporator Dinkar Patil has staged agitations at the state excise department office as well as at the Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan office of the Nashik Municipal Corporation in the recent past to press for the demand of closing down liquor shops. He has been demanding the closure of liquor shops in his ward as early as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071904", "title": "Nurses, pharmacists call off strike", "text": "LUCKNOW: The nurses and pharmacists associations have withdrawn their ongoing work boycott call after an assurance from the state government on Tuesday. Sunil Yadav, a senior office bearer of the pharmacist association, told reporters that the government has assured them to settle their pending issues by June 30. The striking group met principal secretary health and family welfare during the day.The pharmacists were supporting the nurses' cadre for their demand to ensure clearance of a proposal to create 14,000 new posts for nursing staff. Other demands include increasing the proportion of male nurses from present rate of 5% to 25%, increasing retirement age to 65 years and revision of allowances.Nurses association president, Poonam Sharma urged the government machinery to sympathetically address their genuine demands in patient interest. Meanwhile, patient care services continued to suffer in medical colleges, government hospitals and other centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14082783", "title": "Arunachal gets country's fourth Buddhist centre", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh , where around 13 per cent of the population follows Buddhism, has got its first full-fledged Buddhist centre after Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir.The Central Institute of Himalayan Culture Studies at Dahung in West Kameng district, where a majority of the people follow Tibetan Buddhism, is now a full-fledged central institute, according to its founder Tsona Gontse Rinpoche.The institute, conceived by Rinpoche in 2000, had received the nod of the Union Cabinet on May 26, 2010 with a project cost estimated at Rs 9 crore and recurring annual cost of Rs 124.86 lakh.\"It began with a central government grant of Rs 97 lakh and has since grown into a good institute to fill the vacuum in imparting education on Buddhism,\" Rinpoche said.\"I had pursued the Centre to establish such an institute considering the large number of Buddhist population residing in the Northeast,\" he said.He pointed out that with only 25 faculty members and limited infrastructures, the institute has so far produced two batches (18 each) of Shastri (equivalent to BA in Buddhist Philosophy) degree holders.Besides teaching arts and crafts for self-sufficiency and sustainable development and preservation of ethnic identity to foster national integrity, the institute has been inculcating an awareness on the ecological balance and preservation of natural resources, he said.He said the other three institutes are: Nava Nalanda Mahavihara, a deemed university, Central University for Tibetan Studies, Sarnath, Varanasi, and Central Institute for Higher Buddhist Studies, Leh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069942", "title": "21-year-old woman run over by goods train near railway crossing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 21-year-old engineering student was run over by a goods train on Monday night. Identification of the victim took the city police more than six hours.Maninagar police said that the incident took place at 8.30 pm near old Maninagar railway crossing. Body of a woman was from the railway tracks, after she was run over by a Mumbai-bound train.\"We did not find any identity documents on her. We had to rely on a cellphone recovered from the spot. During investigations, we received a message from the Government Railway Police (GRP) that a family was looking for a young girl and had found her vehicle near railway tracks. The family came to Maninagar and identified the victim as Rachana Bhagat,\" said Maninagar police sub-inspector M B Solanki.Solanki said that Bhagat, a resident of Kunj Rajni Society in Khokhra, was a third year engineering student. She was returning from a tuition class. \"She used to come back by 8.45 pm. When she did not return till 11 pm, her parents started searching for her,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071253", "title": "Chancellor asks Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth to cancel two tainted appointments", "text": "NAGPUR: The chancellor's office has begun ensuring action against the staff members (teaching and non-teaching) of Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) in whose appointments irregularities were found.The irregularities were reported by the Ganesh Thakur Committee that inquired into the matter and submitted the report in 2010. Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan who is also chancellor of all state universities has sent a letter dated May 31 to the PDKV vice-chancellor V M Mayande setting aside appointments of the university librarian A B Bhosle and an assistant professor or lecturer of entomology P K Rathod. It asked Mayande to cancel their appointments following the due procedure.The VC still took almost a week to act and issued a notice to these two employees only two days saying their services would be terminated from July 10, 2012, giving them time to file their replies with the university or appeal in a court. Interestingly, though the chancellor has accepted the report of committee headed by Ganesh Thakur, divisional commissioner of Amravati and the then director general of Maharashtra Council of Agriculture Education and Research (MCAER), action has been taken only against two of the 17 employees whose appointments were found in violation of rules.\"We have already sent a letter to PDKV VC to set aside the appointments of Bhosle and Rathod as their appointments were illegal. It is for the university now to take action,\" secretary to the chancellor Vikas Chandra Rastogi told TOI. Under secretary in the same office S M Salunke too confirmed the development but clarified that the chancellor's office has sought a lot of information on the findings of Thakur committee report and recommendations.\"The chancellor has accepted the Thakur committee report but it has not been accepted in toto. Further action on other recommendations would depend on the answers furnished by the university as clarifications have been sought by the office,\" said Salunke. Rumours were rife in the University that the chancellor's office will also be asking the university to cancel appointments of 15 other staffers including some from the College of Agriculture Nagpur.\"The government took no action since 2010 when the report was submitted. Now that some action has begun, there should be no partiality. Everyone whose appointment was found illegal should be sacked,\" said a complainant who claimed he was denied appointment because of irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14070262", "title": "Maharashtra to do security audit of jails", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government will conduct a security audit of all jails in the state in the wake of the recent murder of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui in Yerwada central prison.Medha Gadgil, principal secretary, home department (security and appeals), said: \"To avoid re-occurrence of any such incident, the home department will be undertaking a security audit drive of all jails. The department will also issue directives that need to be followed by jails to maintain tight security.\"On June 8, Siddiqui was strangulated on the jail premises by two inmates, Sharad Mohol and Alok Bhalerao. This is not the first high profile murder happened on jail premises. In 2002, gangster Chhota Rajan's close aide O P Singh was murdered in Nashik jail. He was also killed by another jail inmate.Gadgil said, \"The security audit is not limited to the murder of Siddiqui. It will also look into other security lapses (if any) in other jails and measures will be taken to enhance the security system.\"According to the home department, the security audit team will consist of prison staff and experts from the Mumbai police.Immediately after the murder of Siddiqui, home minister R R Patil had ordered a CID probe into the incident. A senior IPS official said that the investigations will be completed within 15 days. \"The probe report will reveal the security lapses and probably the reason that triggered the killing,\" the official said. \"Our only worry is that Siddiqui's murder should not lead to a fresh blame game between the security agencies of Mumbai and Delhi,\" he added.Last year the Mumbai police were at loggerheads with the Delhi police in connection with the arrest of Naquee Ahmed (an alleged informer of Delhi police). However, the incident was downplayed by the home department officials at the Centre.The state home department is also focusing on modernisation of jails. \"There are frequent power cuts in rural areas, especially during the summer. Monitoring jails in the darkness is an uphill task. To avoid such situations the department has decided to provide these jails with generators. Also, the jail staff will be provided with door frame metal detectors and other portable metal detectors for frisking prisoners and their relatives,\" a senior home department official said.\"Installation of hi-tech CCTV is also on the cards. The technology-driven cameras will be used to monitor the activities within and outside the jail premises,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070322", "title": "Mob attacks Congress councillor's home, TMC blamed", "text": "KOLKATA: Congress councillor Mala Roy, on Tuesday, lodged a complaint alleging over 150 youths from an adjoining slum, led by three local Trinamool Congress leaders, threatened and abused her and later ransacked her home late on Monday night.Police, however, are yet to act on her complaint. Trinamool Congress has rubbished the allegations and denied any hand in the incident.Sources said a Sitala Puja was organized at a local slum in Bawali Mondal Lane, which is at a distance of almost 100 yards from Roy's residence. \"The celebrations were to scheduled to end in a late night musical soiree. Around 12:30am, power went off silencing the blaring loudspeakers and the revelry. In no time, a telephone call was made to the number of Mala Roy, also the local councillor, asking her to make arrangements for restoring electricity, as they had suspected Roy had a hand behind the power cut,\" said sources. Roy reportedly said only the CESC would be able to set things right.According to Roy, within 30 minutes of the call, over 150 people arrived at her doorstep and started threatening her. They also allegedly abused the councillor and her husband, also a Congress leader, Nirbed Roy. Sources said the irate mob tried to break open the doors and windows, prompting Roy to inform the Tollygunje Police Station. Two officials, who reached the spot, were reportedly overpowered by the mob. \"It continued for nearly 40 minutes. They threatened us of dire consequences and claimed that I had a hand in the power cut. I was surprised at the police helplessness in face of the mob ire,\" Roy said.On Tuesday morning, Roy lodged a complaint with the Tollygunje Police Station and alleged that three Trinamool Congress local leaders - Madhu Chakraborty, Rabin Maiti and Biswa - led the attack. \"I have also informed senior police officers at Lalbazar. However, no action has been taken yet,\" she said, adding that the incident has left the locals panicked. \"The locals have told me that being a councillor, if I can face mob ire, they too are not safe.\"She said that the effort had political overtones for unable to stop her from working in the locality,Trinamool is resorting to strong arm tactics to intimidate her. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee refused to comment. \"I need to know the details first,\" he told reporters. However, senior Trinamool Congress leader Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay rubbished Roy's allegations. \"No one from TMC led the attack on Roy. In fact, it was not an attack. It was a simple altercation between Roy and some locals. She is trying to politicize it,\" Chattopadhyay said. However, a group of Congress activists gheraoed the Tollygunge Police Station on Tuesday evening to protest police inaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14070688", "title": "Cops leave for Guna to recover looted goods", "text": "INDORE: A team of Indore police has left for Guna to recover the valuables looted from the house of the murdered timber merchant. Talking to ToI, ASP (crime branch) Manoj Rai said the team including three inspectors and constables left for Guna to recover the valuables looted from the house of the timber merchant Jasbir Singh Chhabra in Khatiwala tank area.According to Rai, the prime accused Suraj Pardhi, during the interrogation, spilled the beans and disclosed where exactly the looted items were hidden. The police believe that with the arrest of Suraj, they may also be able to recover the items looted in other incidents.Suraj Pardi was arrested on Saturday night after cross firing in which an ASI and Suraj both sustained injuries. He was the main accused in the case in which five accused attacked a house and brutally beat the owner Jasveer Singh Chhabada, who later succumbed to the injuries. Chhabada was a timber merchant. The incident took place on May 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14074928", "title": "Cops search Bidadi ashram, feel Nityananda hiding in Madurai", "text": "BANGALORE: Police swooped down on the Bidadi ashram of godman Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda on Tuesday evening and scoured the place for three hours.The day began with CM DV Sadananda Gowda issuing orders to search and seal the Bidadi ashram. In the night, the government ordered an inquiry into alleged land-law violations and immoral activities at the ashram. The probe has to be completed in 15 days.There was no trace of Nityananda, but police suspect he is hiding in Adheenam Peetham, Madurai. \"We hear his Ford Endeavour was parked before the Madurai peetham. It's the same car which he used to move in and around Bidadi,\" sources said.Seven rooms were locked during the police swoop on Nityananda's Bidadi ashram on Tuesday.The raid will resume on Wednesday. No ashram occupant will be asked to move out, police say. Police made no major recovery during the Bidadi raid on Tuesday.\"We did not come across any suspicious or illegal objects. But, yes, we found a few things that are usually found in the bedrooms of newlywed couples,\" a police officer said. Contradicting footage beamed on TV channels showing ganja and condom packets lying inside the ashram compound, police said they are yet to come across any such thing.According to a devotee, some miscreants threw the packets into the compound. \"Some magazines and documents were set on fire last night. None of us did that,\" he said. Interestingly, the 1,000-year-old Adheenam Peetham, Madurai, where the godman is suspected to be hiding, has shut doors on all devotees for the first time in its history, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14078459", "title": "DMK district secretary held on land-grab charges", "text": "MADURAI: DMK district secretary, G Thalapathy was arrested by the district police on land grab charges on Tuesday. He was arrested based on the complaint by M Murugesan from Pasumalai who submitted a petition to district SP, V Balakrishnan.In his petition, Murugesan had stated that his father Malaisamy was working with Meenakshi Mills in Madurai and was given a housing plot as per the agreement made between the state government and mill management. After his father expired in 2003, he approached J Srinivasan from the mill management who promised to provide the sale deed for both, the house and vacant land adjacent to the house if Murugesan paid the pending money. Hence, he paid Rs 72,000 for the house and Rs 52,000 for the vacant land behind the house in 2007. However, when he approached Srinivasan for the documents, he was asked to contact DMK district secretary, G Thalapathy to get the documents.Under these circumstances, in 2008, when Murugesan was not at home, Thalapathy's relatives, B Venkatesan and R Ravinchandran and 10 others attacked his family and threatened them. During the year 2009, the accused entered the house of Murugesan and threatened him many times and he had filed a police complaint in this regard at the Tiruparankundram police station.Meanwhile, Thalapathy and his accomplices encroached the vacant land that belonged to Murugesan. He once again submitted a petition to the SP office in 2009 and was given the documents for the house in 2011 by the mill management. However, Venkatesan encroached the vacant land through forged land documents. Under these circumstances, D Malaiarasan, general manager of Meenakshi Mills sent a notice to Murugesan asking him to collect the money he had paid for the vacant land stating that the court case was pending against the land.Murugesan also mentioned in his complaint that he happened to meet Thalapathy and Venkatesan and when he had asked them to give the land back, they threatened him with dire consequences. Based on the complaint, Thalapathy was picked up by the police from his residence on Tuesday morning along with Venkatesan, Ravichandran and Malaiarasan. After hours of enquiry, they were arrested by the district police on charges of conspiracy, cheating and threatening. It was also found that the four of them forged the documents and encroached another 4.50 acres of land in the locality allotted by Meenakshi Mills for the purpose of a school and park for the children of the mill workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071895", "title": "Let the change be irreversible, say teachers, students &amp; alumni", "text": "LUCKNOW: Teachers, students and alumni at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University have welcomed the state government's move to restore the institution's original identity. They now anxiously await the decision to be translated into a reality. And, most of them want the change to be irreversible.\"We are a 100-year-old institution. The name is our identity, which has been playing hide and seek since it was elevated to a university. Let the change be irreversible this time,\" said Prof MC Pant, director, Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences and general secretary of the Georgian's Alumni Association.Voicing similar feelings, general secretary of the Medical University Teachers Association, Dr Sanjay Khhatri said, \"Fond memories of one's alma mater come up when one comes to know of anything negative affecting it. But such frequent name changes affect the image of the college and leave a negative impression in an outsiders mind.\"Some faculty members said that an institution has a face and an identity, which should be preserved and promoted.\"Growth should not come at the price of compromises,\" said a surgeon in the medical university. Another person added that though the name was lost, its shadow survived.\"For years, we used erstwhile King George's Medical University along with the new name only to establish that we were not a new player in teaching and research,\" said a retired faculty.The hundred-year-old bond between the college and King George finds its roots in Maharaja of Vijaynagaram's desire of starting a medical college in Lucknow. He donated Rs 3 lakh in 1870 for this, but the sum was not enough for the project.In 1905, Raja of Jehangirabad and Sir Taussuduq Rasool requested Raja of Ayodhya to persuade governor, United Provinces, Sir James La Touche, to revive the medical college project to commemorate the visit of Prince of Wales and seek Governor General of India's permission.The idea clicked and the government gave its sanction on the condition that the people of United Provinces have to raise a sum of Rs 8 lakh.The people of Oudh came forward to contribute whole-heartedly and the fund was raised in less than a year.Thereafter, Prince of Wales laid the foundation stone on December 26, 1905 on a plot of land donated by UP Government on the bank of river Gomti, where once stood the beautiful Machchi Bhawan. La Touche actively participated in the affairs of the project and after six years of hard work, the medical college came into being.It was formally inaugurated by King George V and Queen Mary in 1911. The college was first renamed in 2002 when the then chief minister Mayawati renamed the college after Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj - the dalit icon. She, however, upgraded it to a university.In December 2003, on the request of alumni and teachers, its name original name was restored and the new university came to be known as the King George's Medical University. But, when Mayawati became UP's chief minister in 2007, she reverted the decision taken by her predecessor.Now that the Samajwadi Party is back to power, process of restoring medical university's original name has been initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14069573", "title": "Union rural job guarantee programme fails to empower Hadinaru", "text": "MYSORE: Early morning villagers from Hadinaru in Nanjangud set out to work. Many take the bus to Mysore, work as a mason at a construction site and get back home by evening. While it has solved the labour problem for the construction sector, it has dented the Union government's flagship scheme aimed at asset creation in rural India.The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) that aims at enhancing the security of people in rural areas is facing the problem of manpower. This is one job offer of the Union government that has few takers.S Prasad from Hadinaru is one of the many who does not see an opportunity in this scheme. An SSLC pass, he prefers to be self-employed. \"I'm not alone. Majority of the villagers check into Mysore every morning and work at construction sites. It fetches us good money,\" he pointed out. While the government scheme extends Rs 155 per day, working as a labourer fetches them double that amount. \"There is so much demand for unskilled labours in the city that we don't have to worry about availability of work,\" Prasad explained.The migration is not restricted to just Hadinaru. People from surrounding villages come to the city every morning looking for work. \"I find many from Hadinaru standing at a junction looking to be employed for the day,\" says Malini, secretary of the Hadinaru gram panchayat, who commutes to the village from Mysore. \"They can get work closer home, but still they come to the city,\" she said. The GP secretary who is working in Hadinaru for the past four years said that even though she conducted door-to-door campaigns for enrolment for the scheme, there are not many takers. People are aware about the scheme, but don't volunteer to work, she explains.G Satish, member of the GP, says it is difficult to get people enrol for the scheme as they get paid better bs outside the village. \"Though we've implemented the scheme and built drainages and invested in afforestation, people are not getting to understand it,\" Satish, who is former president of Nanjangud APMC, explained. Naveen Joseph, Nanjangud tahsildar said not many applying seeking a job under the MGNREGA.Coupled with proximity to Mysore, irrigation facilities have ensured that people have jobs round the year. The Kabini dam extends irrigation to Hadinaru, where paddy is harvested twice a year. It is no wonder that Rs 6 lakh is spent against targeted spending of Rs 13.78 lakh during 2010-11 by the GP. For the present fiscal projects worth Rs 15.78 lakh have been approved but officials have asked the GP to implement works in two installments. Officials says it is the same across the district as the cash structure of the scheme is not enticing the labour class. That explains why Mysore district could achieve only 77%t in implementation of the MGNREGA and is among 10 districts in the bottom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14070248", "title": "Pharmacist held for illegal sale of abortion drugs", "text": "PUNE: A drug wholesaler in Pimpri was arrested on Tuesday for illegal sale of abortion drugs following an FIR lodged against him by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA). The suspect found to have sold over 12,000 abortion pills against fake receipts in a span of one-and-a-half months, FDA officials said.\"During a routine inspection drug inspector Savita Titre found that the wholesaler had sold 12,480 abortion pills - misoprost tablets of 200 mg - between April and May this year. When asked for the sale records, the wholesaler showed sale receipts issued in the names of two doctors from Nigdi and Bhosari. However, upon verification, it was found that the doctors were real but the sale receipts issued against their names were fake,\" said B R Masal, joint commissioner (drugs), FDA, Pune division.The inspection and verification process that started on Monday evening continued till late night. \"We lodged the FIR with the police around midnight. The police arrested the suspect around 2 am on Tuesday,\" Masal said.The sale records of abortion drugs in all its forms and types are being inspected across the state in the wake of the female foeticide cases unearthed in Beed and surrounding areas.\"The tablet misoprost contains the abortion-inducing drug misoprostol. It is an uterotonic drug, ie, the drug promotes uterine contractions to help expel the tissues that form the foetus in the first or second trimester of pregnancy. The tablet can abort second trimester pregnancy. This also happens to be the period when the sex of the foetus can be easily diagnosed with a sonography test,\" said gynaecologist Charuchandra Joshi, former president of the Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society, Pune branch.BOXPune: The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) issued show-cause notices to 340 pharmacies and lodged first information reports against six chemists in the state in the last seven days for not maintaining proper sale record of abortion drugs.The FDA has initiated a search and seizure drive in the wake of incidents of female foeticide in Beed and surrounding areas.\"Since June 6, our officials have inspected 997 medical stores, issued show-cause notices to 340 and lodged FIR against six chemists. The process of filing FIRs against three more chemists is on at Jalgaon (1) and Amaravati (2),\" state FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade told TOI on Tuesday.Among the six FIRs filed, five are lodged in Beed and one in Pimpri-Chinchwad.\"Any medical store found at fault for over-the-counter sale of abortion drugs will have to face cancellation of licence. Besides, medical stores have to keep a record of doctors who prescribe such drugs, with their full address, so that further monitoring can be done,\" Zagade said.Zagade held a meeting of all joint commissioners (drugs) on June 5. The state-wide drive against illegal sale of abortion drugs has been started after that. \"The search and seizure activity will continue on a regular basis now,\" Zagade said.eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14069643", "title": "Tulu academy awards to be presented on June 16", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka Tulu Sahitya Academy will present its honorary and book awards at a function to be held in Town Hall on Saturday. While Nalin Kumar Kateel, MP, will confer honorary awards to Bola Chittaranjandas Shetty (literature), Seetharam Shetty (stage/theatres) and TA Srinivas (cinema), J Krishna Palemar, MLA will present honorary awards to Putthige Padmanabha Rai (novel), Ashok Alva (story) and Rathnakar Rao Kavoor (drama) on this occasion.Folk research scholar Bannanje Babu Amin will inaugurate the event. N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker will preside over the function.Umanath Kotian, president of the academy, who will deliver the introductory remarks, told reporters here on Tuesday that the highlight of the function would be the release of 'Kavigallu Kanda Tulunadu', an academy publication by writer Hampa Nagarajaiah. Scholar Vasanth Kumar Perla has edited the book.Nesara Kalavidaru from Guthigaru will present a dance drama, 'Thithiri Majal', prior to the awards presentation function. A Tulu historical drama - Tulunada Beere Devu Punje - written by academy member Kadri Navaneeth Shetty and staged by Sri Lalithe Koota Kalavidaru will be staged after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070257", "title": "Youth hacks friend's email to take revenge over minor altercation", "text": "KOLKATA: It was a minor altercation between two friends. This February, the two boys - both second-year postgraduation students - had a heated argument over something very trivial. So trifle was it that the grouse didn't even last a couple of days and they were back to being best friends.One of them is the son of a renowned ISI professor and noted economist and the second boy's father is a well-known doctor. Their families too are very close.The two boys had been close friends since college. Best of buddies, they two studied together through college and university and even filled up applications for universities in the United States where they intended to pursue PhD.On Monday, three months after the altercation, one of the two realized the other hadn't quite taken the difference in his stride. The latter had nursed the grouse and in April, hacked his mailbox and sent misleading mails to several universities abroad, informing them that he was not interested in joining the universities.\"We had both applied for courses in US universities. But while my friend got responses, the universities didn't get back to me. When I wrote to them, the reply left me shell-shocked. Apparently someone had hacked my mail and sent letters to universities, expressing my disinterest in pursuing PhD,\" the victim recounted.By then, the application process for the year was over and he realized that he would at least lose a semester.Meanwhile, his friend received calls from two universities. \"I congratulated him and he expressed regret at what had happened, wishing better luck next semester,\" he said.Following this, the victim lodged a complaint with the cyber police station of Kolkata Police. Officers of the cyber crime cell tracked the hacker and it turned out to be the victim's best friend. Incidentally, both of them knew the password to each other's mailbox. \"We have charged the accused under Section 66 and 66A(b) for impersonation. Both are bailable sections,\" said joint CP (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14075585", "title": "Memogate: Pakistan probe panel nails \u2018not loyal\u2019 Haqqani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani judicial commission has concluded that the country's former ambassador to the US, Husain Haqqani, was behind a mysterious memo that sought US help to stave off a feared coup and said he was \"not loyal\" to the country while serving as an envoy.The Supreme Court-appointed commission's findings were made public as a nine-judge bench headed by chief justice Iftikhar Chaudhry began examining the panel's report on Tuesday morning.After the sealed report was presented to the bench, the CJ asked attorney general Irfan Qadir to read out its recommendations.The report said Haqqani was \"not loyal\" to Pakistan while serving as the envoy in the US and had sought to undermine the security of the country's nuclear assets, the armed forces, the Inter-Services Intelligence and the Constitution.The panel further concluded that the alleged memo was authentic and was drafted on Haqqani's instructions. It concluded that Haqqani had sought United States' support through the memo and that he had wanted to head a new national security set-up. AP Ex-envoy smells political motivePakistan's former US ambassador Husain Haqqani dismissed the memo panel's report claiming the findings were made public to divert the attention from from \"more embarrassing developments\". \"The entire proceeding reflected the political machination of ideological elements including the judiciary and had little to do with fact finding,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071944", "title": "Haj rule not anti-woman, says Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: Insisting that male members accompanying women applicants for Haj shouldn't have performed Haj before, cannot be held as discriminatory and anti-woman, the Kerala high court ruled on Tuesday. Dismissing a petition filed by Shameena Rasheed from Thodupuzha, who alleged that the Haj Committee's rule is causing gender-based discrimination, justice T R Ramachandran Nair held that the rule doesn't suffer from any infirmity.Pointing out that there is no total ban on women applicants performing Haj, the court held that the restriction applies to applicants accompanying male members. There would be applications from women who are accompanied by male members who may not have performed Haj before. Women as such are not prevented by the rule, the court held.Holding that individual hardship in a given case may not be a ground to hold that the rule is violation of the Constitutional provision regarding equality before law, the court observed that the rule doesn't impose a total ban and the petitioner has other opportunities to perform Haj.The court also upheld the authority of the Haj Committee in framing guidelines for Haj by observing in the judgement that section nine of Haj Committee Act of 2002 has given the committee power to finalize annual Haj plan with the approval of the central government.The court accepted the argument of additional advocate general K A Jaleel that any modification during the middle of the selection process will create problems and that every policy decision is bound to affect some people positively and negatively. Advocate PK Ibrahim, who appeared for the petitioner, had argued that the policy is gender-based discrimination as she is being denied the opportunity to perform hajj only because of the policy despite applying for three years continuously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071595", "title": "Police headquarters takes stock of civic polls' security measures", "text": "LUCKNOW: The director general of police headquarters on Tuesday took stock of the preparations for polls to 602 local bodies to be held in four phases across the state. Additional DG crime and law &amp; order Jag Mohan Yadav said that as many as 4,117 polling stations have been marked as hyper sensitive while another 3,239 of them as sensitive. A security deployment plan chalked out by the DGP headquarters had distributed all the districts, where such polls are slated to be held into 1,024 zones and 2,502 sectors. Such classification would help to deploy forces as per the sensitivity needs of the individual zone or the sector.For the first phase that will spread across 19 districts, 90 companies of PAC, Rapid Action Force apart from the district police will be deployed. This apart over 4,000 home guards and an equal count of police recruits and village chowkidars will also be available for deployment as per security needs. The second phase covering 17 districts will have 100 companies while the third and the fourth phases covering 20 and 16 districts will have 90 and 80 companies of additional central or state para military forces respectively.\"We have also provided reserve police and PAC contingents to all the IGs and deputy IGs across the state so that they can deploy additional force as and when they need it,\" Jag Mohan Yadav said, adding, \"This is not a final deployment and changes will be made as and when required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14069733", "title": "Harappan treasure trove unlocked", "text": "VADODARA: Not knowing about Lothal or Dholavira can be blasphemous. But you could be pardoned if you haven't heard of Dayabhai no dhoro, Dhrosan timba, Vadhi Vala Khetar, Gorivatano timbo. These are just a few of the 750 Indus Valley civilization sites spread across Gujarat.This treasure of the state, so far known only to archaeologists, will be now available for people to explore.Thanks to MS University's Department of Archaeology and Ancient History and Japan's Research Institute for Humanity and Nature (RIHN), all the Harappan sites of Gujarat dating back to 3,600 BC (5,600 years old) to 1,500 BC (3,500 years old), have been accurately mapped.As part of the Gujarat Harappan Sites Gazetteer Project, MSU and RIHN will publish a gazetteer to not only locate the sites geographically but also throw light on artefacts collected from these sites, excavators behind the discovery and the period to which they belong.\"Gujarat has one of the largest concentrations of Harappan sites as the Indus Valley civilization had flourished here for nearly 2,000 years. While there are few sites which date back to 5,600 years, Gujarat has a huge concentration of sites between the 2,500 BC to 1,700 BC period,\" says MSU's professor P Ajithprasad, who along with the head of RIHN's Indus Project professor T Osada completed the digital mapping.The challenge so far was locating the sites. For instance, Zekhda in Patan has also been listed as Amasari no timbu (a local name of the mound where the site is located) by some. \"Now, we have mapped the actual location and mentioned all the names of such sites so that there is no confusion,\" says Ajithprasad, whose team used global positioning and geographic information systems to map the sites.This will be uploaded on a popular geographical site and specialized software to make it public. Archaeologists globally have been interested in Gujarat's Harappan treasure as when the urban phase of the Indus Civilization started declining from 1900 BC onwards in other parts of the continent especially the Indus Valley (from Punjab to Arabian coast), the decline did not happen in Gujarat.\"In Gujarat, the civilization continued to flourish for another 400 years or so,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14078465", "title": "June 15 deadline for tax defaulters", "text": "MADURAI: Hit by funds crunch, the Madurai corporation has launched a drive to collect pending property tax and drinking water tax in the city.The civic body's pending property tax stands at Rs 69 crore while drinking water tax due is pegged at Rs 13 crore, at a time when the corporation, one of the largest in the state runs on funds deficit. The corporation has warned the defaulters to pay the tax by June 15 or their names would be uploaded on the corporation website.The drive that began a week ago has started showing results already. The corporation has managed to collect Rs 6.7 crore by way of property tax and water tax arrears ever since it launched the tax collection drive.\"As many as 100 bill collectors have been pressed into service. They have been assigned individual daily targets for tax collection. They would have to collect 50% of the arrear amount from each ward daily. The drive has started showing good results. We hope to collect maximum tax arrears within this week,\" said city corporation commissioner R Nandagopal. On Tuesday alone, Rs 74 lakh was collected from the defaulters.While the number of property tax assesses accounts for 1.85 lakh in the city corporation that has a population of over 15 lakh, the civic body is in the job of preparing a consolidated list of defaulters. \"The defaulters include individuals as well as trade establishments and corporate houses. Trade outlets and corporates comprise a large percent of the default amount,\" said another corporation official.Every year, the civic body runs the trouble of suffering incomplete tax collection despite the fact that it presents a deficit budget every year. In the 2011 - 2012 revised budget, the deficit stood at Rs 35 crore while in the budget estimates for 2012 - 2013 the deficit was pegged at Rs 14 crore.Now that the civic body has expanded to accommodate rural local bodies into its fold, corporation officials are in a need to mop up funds to carry out development activities in the annexed areas. Property tax is the single largest source of revenue for the civic body. \"If the defaulters fail to pay the arrears by June 15, those with a default amount above Rs 50,000 would be uploaded in the corporation's website,\" said the official. Though the annual property tax due for the civic body is Rs 54 crore, the arrears had been accumulating from previous years too resulting in the default of Rs 69 crore.Recently, the Madurai corporation had announced that residents of village panchayats, which were annexed to the Madurai city corporation might have to shell out more taxes from this year for their property.While residents of village panchayats are already paying property tax, which is set to rise now, there is no vacant land tax so far. With about roughly 8,000 assessees for property tax in the 11 village panchayats annexed with the city, the corporation hopes to augment its revenue by Rs 3 crore.The civic body had passed a resolution to levy vacant tax and hike property tax for village panchayats. The resolution, which was earlier tabled on April 25, 2012, was adjourned after councillors opposed the move saying it was not fair to burden residents with the tax while not providing basic amenities. But the councillors chose to be silent in Wednesday's meeting over the issue of basic amenities.The city corporation will anyway revise the tax after an impending government order formalising the tax structure. Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa who tabled the resolution said the taxes were levied as per an earlier government order (GO). As per that GO by the Municipal Administration and Drinking Water Supply Board dated August 20, 2009, 40 paise per sqft will be levied as vacant land tax from the date of annexation while D category property taxation of 20% on property tax will be levied in these village panchayats.The resolution stated that the status quo of current property and vacant land taxation in the three annexed municipalities of Avaniapuram, Anaiyur and Tiruparankundram and the three town panchayats of Harveypatti, Tirunagar and Vilangudi will continue, while the new taxation will be levied on 11 village panchayats that are Melamadai, Uthankudi, Vandiyur, Kannanenthal, Naganakulam, Tirupalai, Chinna Anupanadi, Chinthamani, Iravathanallur, Puthukulam Bit II and Thiagarayar Colony.Chellappa said the vacant land tax would be applicable for all housing plots in the newly annexed areas except for agricultural land and D category of property tax, which is the least in the corporation. \"We will go ahead with the method of taxation till we receive the government order for these new areas,\" he said.Corporation officials said they were expecting another 8,000 property tax assessments from these village panchayats. There are already 1.62 lakh assessments in the corporation.\"We are yet to enumerate the tax assessees in the annexed village panchayats. At present, the corporation has passed a resolution on how to tax these village panchayats. The taxation application forms are ready and they will be issued through bill collectors,\" said an official from the revenue section of the city corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14077777", "title": "Now CT scan at Patna Medical College and Hospital", "text": "PATNA: After a wait for more than two years, CT scan machine was installed at the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) on Tuesday by health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey. The machine has been installed on PPP mode.Speaking on the occasion, Choubey thanked the hospital authorities for resuming the CT scan facility. He asked the authorities concerned and the doctors to maintain good behaviour with the patients who come to avail the facility.The minister hoped that with the installation of the machine, patients would be benefitted and it would also be advantageous for the medical students .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14076731", "title": "Online communities bemoan \u2018fascism\u2019 and moral policing", "text": "MUMBAI: I am Bombay/You are a scanner. I am Bombay/Without a banner. I love dance/You don't. I give respect/But you won't. I am the night/You call me vested. Scare me to sleep/And call it well rested. I like to decide/You like to tell. I am not the frog/But you are the well.This excerpt from 'Forever Bombay', a poem by young city-bred rapper Microphon3, has assumed a loud ring of truth for many Mumbaikars as assistant commissioner Vasant Dhoble and his posse of self-righteous cops from the Social Service Branch make headlines with weekly incursions. The poetic lament on the state of the city's nightlife, posted on Facebook last week, has been rewarded with the sound of online applause: 63 likes and 23 shares.Angry youngsters, club owners, disc jockeys, musicians have taken to organizing themselves into online communities to voice their dissent at Dhoble and his team's enthusiasm for moral policing.On Twitter, #Dhoble began trending with thousands of users pooling in, many with tweets dipped in black humour. The Facebook group 'Dhoble the Oppressor', which describes the assistant commissioner as \"a man looking for medieval style glory\" and declares his style of working as \"fascism\", garnered over 20,000 supporters, while the group \"SOS Mumbai Nightlife\" had Mumbaikars venting about their city's compromised after-hours.Personal experiences of being at the receiving end of Dhoble's ire were meticulously posted, videos of Dhoble and his team seemingly beating up employers of a Vile Parle juice centre were feverishly shared and stories of Dhoble's spotty record were enthusiastically circulated.On Twitter, jokes like \"What do you call a little dance to get licenses? Paso Dhoble\" and \"If Dhoble thinks nightclubs are overcrowded, maybe he should have a look at the rest of India?\" flooded timelines all through Tuesday. While filmmaker and columnist Pritish Nandy wondered whether \"ACP Vasant Dhoble (charming guy)\" could attack people for being on Twitter without a permit, restaurant consultant Madhu Menon predicted that Dhoble might raid a Mumbai local because \"it exceeds the recommended traveller density by 25000%\".While scores on social networking sites ensured that Dhoble emerged as the face of Mumbai's ebbing night scene, online activism has often been criticized to veer into slacktivism, as in the case of the Anna Hazare movement or the wave of online patriotism after 'Satyamev Jayate'. However, some online activists crusading against Dhoble hope this time will be different. There are plans to translate the frustration into protests and peaceful candlelight vigils. One young woman who works for a grooming academy even suggested barging into Dhoble's house with this message: \"We are bored and we need to get entertained so we have come to hang out with you since you've shut all our hang out spots\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14072052", "title": "Showers to continue for next 24 hours", "text": "PANAJI: Dabolim and Panaji witnessed longer wet spells than the hinterland areas with maximum rainfall of 17cm being recorded in Dabolim and 12cm in Panaji.\"There was heavy rainfall in five places in the state,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological department said. Mormugao received 10cm of rainfall, Mapusa 9cm and Canacona 7cm during the 24-hour period up to 8.30am on Tuesday.While Pernem received 6cm, Ponda and Margao 3cm each, just 2cm was recorded in Quepem. Valpoi and Sanguem each received only 1cm of rainfall.The total seasonal rainfall so far has reached 302.5mm.The forecast for Panaji for the next 24 hours is intermittent spells of rain with heavy rain in some areas. Overall, moderate to rather heavy rainfall is likely to occur in some places. Fishermen have been warned not to venture out to sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14076601", "title": "Traffic cops chase, nab chain snatcher", "text": "PUNE: Three traffic policemen on Monday night chased and nabbed a person who had snatched a gold chain worth Rs 50,000 from a 56-year-old woman in Kalewadi.The suspect Vijaykumar Bharati (30) is a resident of Wakad . A complaint has been lodged by Stella Frank Aranha of Park Street, Wakad with the Sangvi police station.Traffic constable Tukaram Tanpure, who was manning the traffic at Kalewadi on Monday night told TOI that around 8.30 pm, an elderly woman came running towards him and said that a youth had snatched her gold chain and was running towards Kalewadi Phata. \"I alerted my colleagues Sandip Kale and Somnath Aswale who chased him on a motorcycle. I ran after him,\" Tanpure said.After half a km chase, they managed to stop the suspect. \"I reached the spot and nabbed him. We recovered the gold chain from him,\" Tanpure said. Bharati was handed over to the Sangvi police station. Police sub-inspector M P Sonawane is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14084842", "title": "US has enormous stake in India's emergence as global power: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: Noting that US President Barack Obama views India as one of his top foreign policy priorities, a senior White House official has said that the United States has enormous stake in New Delhi's emergence as a global power.\"President Obama is committed to forging a long term truly global partnership with India, recognizing India's increasing role as a 21st century power. President Obama views India as one of his top foreign policy priorities and one of the important bilateral relationships,\" Michael Froman , deputy national security adviser on international economic affairs, said in his address to the US India Business Council (USIBC).\"We have enormous stake in India's emergence as a global power. India is of course world's largest democracy and soon to be perhaps the most populous country. It's economy is growing at a rate that envies the industrialised nations and has the potential to be a significant driver of global economic growth,\" he said reflecting the views of the White House on India ahead of the third India-US Strategic Dialogue.India's participation, he said, is important for meeting increasing global challenges, be it the challenges facing now in the global economy, future of trade and climate, infrastructure or fighting the war against terrorism.Commenting on the India-US economic relationship, Froman said in many ways the bilateral economic relationship was the driver of the political relationship.While there has been significant improvement in the bilateral trade and economic relationship, there is much more that can be done, he said.\"As strategic partners, it is important that we be open and frank about how best to go about that,\" Froman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14077059", "title": "Adarsh scam: Accused bail out as chargesheet delays mount", "text": "MUMBAI: On June 7, when the final two arrested men in the highprofile Adarsh Cooperative Housing Society case got bail, there was an air of inevitability about the proceedings. Only nine days earlier, the other seven had got bail for the same reason: the CBI had not filed the chargesheet within the stipulated 60 days. It was the latest in a string of important cases in which investigators have missed the deadline to file the chargesheet. Among the other cases are the Nooriya Haveliwala drunken driving case of 2010, the missing Adarsh files case of 2011 and the 2008 Malegaon blasts case involving Lokesh Sharma. All these accused benefited from the delay in filing chargesheets.Legal experts say it is not just laxity and poor probes that cause delays. Political and other external pressure can also be responsible.In the Adarsh case, investigators thrice missed the deadline to file chargesheets. A magistrate granted bail to three urban development (UD) staffers on July 5, 2011 in the missing files case. In the main Adarsh case, seven of the accused\u2014including serving and retired bureaucrats and military officers\u2014got bail on May 29, while the remaining two walked out on June 7. (See 'Missing the deadline.')Y P Singh, advocate and former IPS officer, said that since investigations had been on for about 15 months, the CBI had ample time to file the Adarsh chargesheet. Singh, who is representing the petitioner in the separate Adarsh PIL, said, \"Such a thing probably happened because of political pressure as two Union ministers are also being investigated. It is more than apparent that in such situations even officers become helpless despite diligent investigation.\" Similar sentiments were echoed by a public prosecutor, who didn't want to be named. He said, \"It is obvious in this case that there has been external pressure.\"Experts also blamed lackadaisical police investigations. \"Investigating officers must realize that the clock starts ticking when arrests are made and there are only a limited number of days to file the chargesheet,\" said the prosecutor. More pertinently, he added, \"In several cases, instead of gathering sufficient evidence in the pre-arrest stage, the arrests are first made and then evidence is looked for.\"Singh said Adarsh was a clear and simple case of misuse of official position by the accused. \"Even a more complicated chargesheet, like the one for the 2G scam, was filed within time and in parts.\"On March 31, 2010, a magistrate granted bail to US citizen and Colaba resident Nooria Haveliwala, who is accused of killing a traffic policeman and a biker while driving under the influence of alcohol and drugs in the early hours of January 30, 2010. The beautician got bail as there was no chargesheet. On June 5, 2012, Lokesh Sharma, an accused in the 2008 Malegaon blasts case, was granted bail by a special MCOCA court after the National Investigation Agency failed to file a chargesheet in 90 days.Noted criminal lawyer Amin Solkar said there are agreements between the accused and police. \"Negligence on part of the investigating officer, unaccountability and slow investigations are also causes,\" he said. \"Senior officers need to keep tabs on junior officers.\" He said the volume of work is no reason to to delay a chargesheet. \"The 26/11 Mumbai attacks case had one of the biggest chargesheets, but evidence was collected from various places and the chargesheet filed in 90 days.\"Salian said there are cases in which the prosecutor does an independent review of a case and, if it is seen that there is no need for further custody, bail is not opposed.Not filing the chargesheet on time can delay the trial. Criminal lawyer Majeed Memon said, \"The urgency of having the accused in custody ceases and the trial may take longer to commence.\" Singh added, \"But in such situations the merit and severity of charges get dampened. Section 173 of the CrPC, which calls for completing the case without unnecessary delay, gets violated,\" Singh added.Some also said that it may be important to keep an accused in jail because they could influence the case if released. But special public prosecutor Rohini Salian said, \"This may be the case sometimes, but not always, as it depends on the case. The fear of tampering with evidence and influencing investigations also exists when the accused are in jail.\" Criminal lawyer Majeed Memon said, \"There is always an apprehension that the accused may tamper with evidence. That is why the police consider the status, power, influence and conduct of the accused while opposing bail.\"Memon added that all may not be lost. \"There is a misconception that bail means acquittal. This is hardly any indication of the result. Just as custody may not result in conviction, bail does not necessarily result in acquittal,\" he said.Missing the deadline: Adarsh scam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14085246", "title": "Freida doffs her hat to Kareena", "text": "She is Michael Winterbottom's Trishna - a girl who hacks away at wheat fields, scrubs the floor on her hands and knees and balances trays on her wrist. Though Freida Pinto onscreen may be unable to make her own choices, in real life, the actress is quite the opposite.The free-spirited actress in a recent interview with a magazine, referred to Kareena Kapoor's remuneration in Heroine and said, \"This year, we've experienced a shift in humanity. In India, there has been a large disparity in how much a female and a male actor gets paid. But this year, one actress changed all that.\"Anurag Kashyap for a Hindi script expressing her willingness to work in a full fledged Bollywood project, however isn't too happy with the way the media back home is fixated on how far she has strayed from her country. \"When I was promoting this big budget film, the Indian media reported that I was being a diva, and that's the reason I didn't want to come to India to promote the film,\" the actress told the magazine.Interestingly, when a security guard confused Freida for an American actress and wondered whether she was the one in Fast and Furious 5 , instead of getting angry, she simply smiled and quipped, \"That security guard is so colour blind. I love him. I wish he was every casting agent in town.\" She refused to accept that 'the Indian woman' is all she had to play.The magazine called Freida 'Museum quality beauty' and termed her interview as 'The elegant resistance', as the fiercely independent actress revealed that it was her catholic upbringing that taught her some sneaky ways to rebel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071131", "title": "'Greedy' bidders land RTC in a dilemma", "text": "HYDERABAD: Just three days before the implementation of High Security Number Plates (HSNP), the tender process became controversial and the Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) is waiting for the state government's decision before awarding the contract.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, APSRTC managing director AK Khan said the three companies bidding for the project had quoted a price almost 40% to 50% above what they did in other states.\"Actually, the tendering process has been completed and 'L1' was selected. However, the committee, which oversaw the tendering process, observed how these companies had quoted an abnormal price. The issue has been taken to the notice of the government,'' Khan said. The Indo-European companies which filed tenders are Shimnit Utsch, Celex Technologies Pvt Ltd, Usav Safety System Pvt Ltd and Tonnjes. \"Since AP is in a hurry to implement the HSNP, the bidding companies are taking advantage of the situation,\" he added.Khan, who returned to Hyderabad a few days back from a study tour on public transport in Australia,said that single ticketing system for all public transport system, being followed in Australia, could be explored in Hyderabad. The RTC chief said that they were seriously considering the idea of starting bus services to all Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) terminals. APSRTC officials said of 210 bus depots in the state, 195 were incurring losses. The corporation has been suffering a loss of Rs two crore every day.\"Our endeavor is to make the corporation self-reliant to make sure we do not depend on loans even for working capital. We also need to improve our fuel efficiency methods\", the RTC MD said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075639", "title": "Kids sit in risk zone at stadium", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a risk the government could have avoided. Its anti-child labour day celebrations on Tuesday saw more than 4,000 children from around 40 schools across Bangalore gather at Kanteerava Stadium.The stadium, undergoing renovation, was not exactly the safest venue for such an event. Chief minister D V Sadanand Gowda and home minister R Ashoka, sitting on the decorated dais, failed to notice the pathetic conditions in which the children were sitting. Thousands of students in the gallery were made to sit amid bamboo supports used for construction.One Class 9 student from a private school was wise enough to move away. \"I don't know how safe it is to sit next to the wooden supports, so I am sitting on the steps,\" he said.Neither did the venue have toilet facilities. BS Narayana Swamy, secretary of the labour department said: \"I request all of you to bear with the inconvenience. There are no toilets, this gallery is under construction, but because we wanted the gallery and requested the authorities concerned, it was given to us,\" he said.HK Lakshmi Prasanna, working with the Association for Promoting Social Action (APSA), said the event should have been arranged at a better place. \"Children have walked from Freedom Park to this stadium. Aren't toilet facilities a basic amenity? The children are sitting on unsafe structures,\" he said.When TOI asked why the programme was taking place in a hazardous place, JT Jinkalappa, joint labour commissioner, said there was no problem with the building. \"It was inevitable to organize the event here as it is closer to Freedom Park and is in the centre of the city. All precautionary measures were taken to make sure the children were safe,\" he said.DVS SETS A TRENDFor the first time in the past five years, the chief minister took part in the anti-child labour day function, and distributed cash awards to 12 students who passed SSLC, and who are former child labourers. They were rescued and admitted to mainstream schools. For Shashikala Ullappa, rescued by APSA, Tuesday was a memorable day. Shashikala, who scored 78% in SSLC, received a cash award from the CM for excelling in studies despite her golden years of childhood spent as a child labourer. Eleven other children with similar stories were also given cash prizes for bagging first class in SSLC.CHILD LABOUR STILL RAMPANTThe anti-child labour campaign taken up by the labour department as a joint venture with NGOs, is still on. \"As we could not abolish child labour before 2007, the project was extended for five more years. So far, we have found 47,800 working as child labourers and rescued them. In all, 18,915 cases were registered against those who had employed child labourers,\" the CM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14077742", "title": "Mobiles seized from Beur jail to go under hammer", "text": "PATNA: In probably a first in the country, Bihar is readying to raise revenue by auctioning the unclaimed cellphones seized from the Patna's high-security Beur Central Jail.The move was initiated by Beur jail superintendent Shivendra Priyadarshi in January this year. His proposal in this regard to IG (prisons) Anand Kishore has since got the approval of all the departments concerned. The prisons department will soon fix a date for the public auctioning of the 550-odd cellphones and advertise the same in newspapers.The district administration and jail authorities carry out raids and search operations in different jails of the state every now and then and end up seizing prohibited items, including cellphones, which are stealthily smuggled into the jail. For obvious reasons, the handsets remain unclaimed.\"We had forwarded the proposal to the home department which gave us the go-ahead for the auctioning in May,\" IG (prisons) Kishore told TOI on Tuesday. While appreciating the move, Kishore said there were a large number of cellphones seized from other jails of the state. \"We will make a similar move for the other jails too,\" he said and added the revenue thus generated would be given to the state government.Priyadarshi said the buyer would be provided a prisons department's certificate containing the inbuilt IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity) number of the purchased handset, instead of a cash memo. The certificate will establish the buyer's ownership claim on the handset.Priyadarshi said the 550 cellphones were seized during the last eight months when the jail authorities, and not the district administration, conducted the raids. As such, these cellphones are with the prisons department, he said and added the seized cellphones included expensive ones of leading brands and even 3G ones. \"If they go under the hammer, many of the handsets could fetch Rs 18,000 each,\" Priyadarshi said.Incidentally, the Beur jail does not have phone jammers installed on its premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14077409", "title": "'Reception for A Raja shows dip in values'", "text": "CHENNAI: Former Karnataka Lokayukta N Santosh Hegde on Tuesday questioned the boisterous reception accorded to tainted former minister and DMK leader A Raja in the state.Raja who arrived in Chennai on June 8 after a CBI court relaxed his bail conditions and permitted him to leave New Delhi for a short period.\"It (the reception he received) shows the denigration in societal thinking,\" said Hegde. \"Today people are sent to jail in a procession as if they are going on a foreign trip. And when they get bail and come out, we receive them in a way that shows the downward trend in societal laws,\" Hegde said, delivering the Seventh Rajaji Memorial lecture in the city,Raja's cadres however, are not alone in according a rousing reception to their leader, the prime accused in the 2G scam. YSR Congress party's founder, Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, who was recently taken into custody in a assets case, also got strong support from his cadres.Hegde, who is a former judge of the Supreme Court and a Team Anna member, also rubbished the charges levelled by Union ministers Vayalar Ravi and V Narayanaswamy that Team Anna was \"anti-national and involved with foreign forces\". Dubbing the recent remarks of the ministers as \"a bit desperate\", Hedge said, \"This was a famous statement during the 70s. Every time a fault is pointed out it's (alleged to be) the international phenomenon or foreign hand involvement.\"He pointed out that three of Team Anna members have been recipients of Magsaysay awards. \"Somebody selects them. To say that (they're funded by foreign agencies) is a bit desperate,\" he added.Hegde attacked members of his own fraternity, the judiciary, during the lecture. Tracing the changes in the system and its \"degradation\" over the years, he cited a recent incident as example. \"Some years ago, there was an incident of a sitting judge of Allahabad high court conducting contempt of court proceedings on a Railway platform, because he was not provided with a Railway berth to travel,\" he said.All this, he said, reflects on the selection process of the judiciary. \"The quicker the change in the method of selection of judges, it will be better for the judiciary,\" he said, adding there should be an open debate on the method of change.Today people are sent to jail in a procession as if they are going on a foreign trip. And when they get bail and come out, we receive them in a way that shows the downward trend in societal laws", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14082761", "title": "Dulhan hum le jayenge", "text": "A Night at the Movies' \u2014 the title for Ram Charan and Upasna's sangeet couldn't have been more apt!The event that was graced by stars and friends alike, was a rollicking, albeit an over-crowded affair. Kicking off at 10 pm on Monday night at Annapurna Studios, the 700-strong seating area was chock-a-block with close to 1,500 guests! But the shortage of chairs and space didn't matter the minute Allu Arjun and Rana took to the stage with some rib-tickling compering. Blockbuster \"Magadheera\" formed an integral part of the sangeet and clips from the movie were shown on the gigantic LED screen. But Kajal Agarwal was not the princess in this version \u2014 it was Upasna, whose face was morphed onto Kajal Agarwal's.Action on the stage The 2-hour long sangeet saw a host of performances by Charan and Upasna's family and friends. The show kicked off with actress Tamannaah and Charan's friends dancing to \"Subah Hone Na De\" from \"Desi Boyz\". The actress also performed to \"Tumhi Ho Bandhu\" from the yet-to-release \"Cocktail\" and \"Ye Jilla\". \"Chikni Chameli\" was a hot favourite, with the svelte Shriya Saran showcasing her moves. But it was not the doe-eyed actresses who stole the show. The real entertainer of the evening was Charan's cousin, Allu Arjun. The actor took to the stage and grooved to the number with all the girls. Soon after that, Rana Daggubati joined him to shake a leg to the title track of \"Shankar Dada MBBS\". While Allu Arjun was still on the stage, Sharwanand joined him to entertain the audience with \"You're My Love\" from \"Partner\". One of the surprises of the evening was Allu Sirish's dance performance. Sirish grooved to the fast-paced title track of \"Racha\" and won himself many admirers in the crowd.Upasna's family show If Allu Arjun was the star from Charan's side, it was Upasna's sister, Anushpala Kamineni, who rocked the stage with her performances from the bride's side. The girl danced to the most number of songs in the sangeet, starting off with the hit number \"Desi Girl\". The moment she started dancing to \"Chikni Chameli\", Ram Charan joined her on stage. Upasna's friends and sister continued to dance to tracks like \"Mere Hathon Mein Nau Nau Churiyan\", \"Aa Re Pritam Pyaare\", etc. Upasna's mom Shobana Kamineni got onto the stage as a video of Upasna grooving to \"Ek Do Teen\" was aired. It was meant specially for Charan to get a glimpse of Upasna as a little girl \u2014 a fan of Bollywood and Yash Chopra songs. Following this, Upasna's friends danced to \"Ek Do Teen\" from \"Tezaab\".Love Is In The Air The masti reached fever pitch as Upasna and Charan did a slow, romantic jig to the evergreen romantic cult track \"Tujhe Dekha To Yeh Jaana Sanam\" from \"Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge\". Charan was dressed in a Jodhpuri suit teamed up with a dhoti while Upasna wore a green and pink lehenga. The couple waltzed amid deafening cheers from the crowd.The Grand Finale The last performance saw the Apollo sisters and relatives grooving to \"Anarkali Disco Chali/Salim Ki Galli\", each one donning a Salim cap!Khaana Khazana Guests were spoilt for choice with the spread that was laid out. From dishes from the Nizam's kitchens to Italian fare, Mumbai's famed Mahesh Lunch Home's seafood delicacies to the Japanese teppanyaki counter, there was something for everyone. The seafood section complete with lobsters, crabs and fish, and the lip-smacking mutton biryani, were a hit with the guests. The dessert section was just as exhaustive with close to 20 varieties of sweets and desserts \u2014 alphonso mango souffle, kheer with apricots, blueberry cheesecake, lemon tarts, cup cakes, etc. The dining area was elegantly done up and the bar was stocked with the choicest fare.It's The Time To Disco After the sangeet ended at 11.30 pm, the younger lot stayed back and hit the dance floor. Actors Shriya, Rana, Shabbir Alhuwalia and wife Kanchi Kaul grooved the night away and the party wound up at 6 am!Guest list The star-studded affair saw the presence of Nagarjuna, Venkatesh, Suresh Babu, Lakshmi Manchu, Srinu Vaitla, Dil Raju, Ravi Teja, Sunil, Sushanth, Reema Sen, Jayant Paranji, Naga Babu, Navdeep, Allu Bobby, among a host of other stars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071737", "title": "Mobility hub to have interstate bus services", "text": "KOCHI: Interstate buses will soon start operation via Vyttila mobility hub as the regional transport authority (RTA) meeting held on Tuesday has initiated preliminary discussions to consider this proposal.Officials said the matter was raised at the RTA meeting following mobility hub managing director M Beena's request.RTA officials, who were present during the meeting, said that there are no objections against this proposal.\"A final decision in this regard will be taken at the RTA board meeting in a couple of weeks,\" an official said.\"Now, long distance buses run by KSRTC are using the mobility hub and if interstate buses also chart services through the hub it would benefit commuters,\" said M Beena.\"Karnataka and Tamil Nadu buses are already willing to operate through our hub if they receive a communication from the RTA board. Once we get a final approval, we would provide space for ticket and reservation counters for them,\" she said.RTA board that met at the collectorate discussed various other issues related to permit renewal and actions taken against private buses for violating rules and regulations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14076856", "title": "Gang kidnaps man, steals Rs 12,000 cash", "text": "CHENNAI: A four member gang kidnapped a man and stole % 12,000 from him.Police said the gang had kept a watch on Sanjay, 26, a native of Bihar , who works as a helper in a private company in Ambattur.On Monday, Sanjay was waiting outside a bank in Ambattur to deposit the cash. he had reached the bank before it opened. A gang of four persons arrived in a car and under the pretext of asking directions, they grabbed him and sped away.The gang later abandoned Sanjay near Ambattur OT bus stand after stealing the % 12,000 he had with him.Police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14077989", "title": "Ranchi to follow Mumbai traffic system", "text": "RANCHI: The state capital is set to adopt the Mumbai model for streamlining the traffic system.Traffic SP Ranjit Prasad, who returned from Mumbai recently, has submitted a detailed report to the director general of police on how to upgrade the system here by adopting the Mumbai model.Prasad went to Mumbai on the order of governor Syed Ahmed to study the traffic system there. \"Mumbai is a very developed city and we are still on the road of development. If the traffic maintenance system is applied here, we will soon be able to control the traffic,\" Prasad said on his arrival.The new system will emphasis on regulation of traffic instead of imposing fine. Prasad said, \"During the peak hours in Mumbai, policemen concentrate on traffic management instead of imposing fine on rule breakers. Fine is imposed on the violators only when there is less traffic and constables are comparatively free.\"More than 100 CCTV cameras will be installed at various points in the city to keep tabs on the traffic and the traffic violators, said Prasad. \"Breathalyzers and speedometers will also be brought in operation to check on drunk and rash drivers. All the constables will be given wireless sets and the whole traffic system will be computerized\", he said.Shortage of constables is a big problem in maintaining traffic as only one constable is deployed at places were four are needed. DSP traffic R N Singh said, \"We will increase the number of men for traffic regulation and policemen will also move around in bikes throughout the city to get hold of the violators.\"The city will also be divided into various zones for better traffic management. \"Four traffic police stations will be made and equal number of men will be provided to every police station, so there is no deficiency in the work\", said Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14070970", "title": "Ghanaur MLA seeks time to vacate govt house", "text": "PATIALA: A government accommodation spread on nearly two acres in Patiala and the home to former Congress MLA (Ghanaur) Madan Lal Jalalpur, has become the bone of contention between the MLA and the administration. The former MLA, who was released on bail, late Monday evening, lost the assembly elections to a SAD candidate and has been staying in the government's A-type accommodation on Rajbaha road for more than four years.Immediately after the results to the assembly elections were announced two months ago, Punjab Works Department (PWD) had allotted this house to Punjab Public Service Commission (PPSC) member Narinder Singh Sangha. On receiving the allotment letter, Sangha has written to the PWD authorities seeking possession of the house.The former Congress MLA had been paying the monthly rent of Rs 3,000, however, was directed by the PWD authorities to vacate the premises at the earliest and if not, would have to pay rent double the commercial rate. i.e. around Rs 2 lakh a month.Madan Lal Jalalpur could not be contacted as his cellphones were switched off but supporters said all this was done to harass the former MLA. A supporter, Tejinder Singh, said, \"He got much renovation done on the house and should be given time to arrange for alternatives.\" His officer in charge Satpal Saini confirmed they received the PWD notice and said a reply had been sent. \"We have requested the PWD authorities to allow us a stay of six months on the usual rent. We need to make alternative arrangements,\" Saini said.While some PWD officers said they were preparing another notice, others did not comment on the issue. Patiala divisional commissioner S R Ladhar, who is the chairman of house allotment committee (upper), said: \"The house has been allotted to a PPSC member and the former MLA cannot stay here any more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14077231", "title": "Quit deadline over, Myanmar may take action against Indian rebels", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two days after the lapse of the deadline given to Indian insurgent groups (IIGs) by the Myanmarese government to leave the neighbouring country, army personnel have been positioned in close proximity of the rebels' camps, but there is no report of any militants fleeing across the border to India.\"The Myanmarese army has positioned itself close to the camps of IIGs at Taga and other places but everything is as usual. There are more than 3,000 cadres of IIGs in Myanmar and there have been no reports of any of these groups moving to India, though there is pressure on the Meitei outfits,\" a top security source said.Soon after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Myanmar last month, the Myanmarese government asked IIGs, particularly the Manipuri outfits, to leave the country by June 10. Union home minister P Chidambaram appreciated Myanmar's positive response and expressed hope that the neighbouring country would hand over arrested Indian militants to India.It now appears that the June 10 deadline was given by NSCN(K) supremo S S Khaplang to four Manipuri outfits \u2014 UNLF, Prepak, PLA and KYKL. \"There is certain pressure on the outfits of Manipur. Even Khaplang is under pressure from the Centre to withdraw his support from all the other IIGs, particularly the Meitei outfits,\" the source said.The NSCN(K), which has a ceasefire agreement with the Centre, on April 9 signed a parallel five-point ceasefire agreement with the Myanmarese government at Khamti in Sagaing division. The NSCN(K) has also opened a liaison office at Khamti, an act that has not gone down well with the Centre.The NSCN(K) calls the shots as far as giving shelter to other IIGs in Myanmar is concerned. The NDFB, Ulfa and Meitei groups have set up their hideouts in Myanmar with support and help of the NSCN(K).\"For all these years, the IIGs having been staying in Myanmar and it could not have been possible without some kind of understanding with the Myanmarese army and its intelligence. We know for sure that the Meitei groups and other IIGs have been paying money to the Myanmarese army and intelligence through the NSCN(K). So, whatever is happening now is feared to be just a cosmetic venture. Six months ago, the Myanmarese army had closed in on camps of IIGs, but without firing a single shot, the army withdrew from its position. The same thing is happening now,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075456", "title": "FIR against Andhra MLA", "text": "BANGALORE: A case was filed against Congress MLA Katasani Ramireddy from Andhra Pradesh on Tuesday after a city realtor complained that the legislator had abducted and threatened to kill him.Bhaskar Reddy, realtor and resident of Indiranagar, alleged that on Monday evening his former business associate and MLA from Banaganapalle in Kurnool district, Ramireddy, asked him to come to Sowmya Apartments in Devasandra, near KR Puram. Ramireddy and his five associates brandished a pistol, assaulted Bhaskar Reddy and forcibly obtained his signatures on a few blank bond papers. Bhaskar Reddy was confined for some time and released after being warnedthat he would be killed if he went to police.Bhaskar, who complained to KR Puram police on Tuesday, said he owned one acre of land near Hoody and Ramireddy bore a grudge over the same. Police registered a case of assault and threat to murder againsttheMLA andsix others.They are also charged under the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070902", "title": "Metro project: Rajasthan Housing Board to get alternative land", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) will get land worth Rs 370 crore in return for giving its prime land in Mansarovar for the Jaipur Metro project.The revenue department will provide the land in any part of the state to the RHB. The decision was taken in a meeting on Tuedsay chaired by principal secretary, urban development and housing, GS Sandhu. According to the officials, the RHB has provided its 74,000 sq metre land in Diswar for constructing the Metro depot. \"The state government has decided that 70% land is saleable and compensation has been provided accordingly. Around 30% of the area is considered as the facility area.\" The government has fixed the price at the rate of Rs 50,000 per square feet,\" said an officialAfter the state government had acquired land for Jaipur Metro project, the RHB has presented a memorandum to chief minister Ashok Gehlot and UDH Shanti Dhariwal. \"We have earlier demanded around Rs 450 crore as a compensation. Afterwards a proposal was sent to the government that the RHB should get land in return.\"Officials believe this is another financial set back to the RHB as proper compensation is not being provided for the land situated at prime location. Recently, the state government has decided to allot the land for educational institute on concessional rates. This has also resulted in a major financial loss of approximately Rs 100 crore.According to the officials, recently the UDH has taken a decision to allot stadiums land which is one lakh square meter land on 50 % residential reserve price to the Rajasthan University of Health sciences in sector 18, Pratap Nagar. Source said, \"Out of total 97 square meters of land recently allotted to the university by the state government, around 73 square meters of land was reserved for the stadium. The RHB has reserved 13,000 sqaure meters of land for auctioning the land for commercial purpose to earn revenue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071415", "title": "CISFA gallery showcases its faculty's art work", "text": "NAGPUR: Celebrating the fifth year of its inception, CISFA art gallery has organized a slew of exhibitions to commemorate the occasion. The monthlong art events, which are a yearly routine under the title of Monsoon Bonanza, will see some of the best of its alumni's taking part.This year the event has a special name 'CISFAINS'. Explaining the reason behind this title, Chandrakant Channe, the dean of the institute says, \"We always take a theme and base our shows on it. Our students are doing very well in their chosen sphere and place of work. So this year we decided to get them together on this platform to showcase their work. We started with Himanshu Khorgade who has done her masters in sculpture from BHU, Varanasi and is doing very well as a freelance sculptor.\"The events spread across a month have been split into segments titled Pratham to Shashtam. Dwitya, which begins today is a four day event dedicated to the faculty members. \"The works of 11 members of our faculty including that of our trustee Nikhil Mundle will be exhibited at the gallery from June 13 to 16,\" informs Channe.The others who would be showing their work include Pramodbabu, Channe and Prakashchandra Kawle. The genres on display include paintings, graphics and photographs.Excited about the event, Babar Shareef, who teaches painting says that these events help to hammer in a culture for art appreciation. \"These activities basically draw attention of the art lovers and others towards these forms. This helps create awareness and assist young students to select a vocation for themselves.\"Terming it as an educative experience for the students of art, Prashant Phirangi who teaches graphics says, \"Today there are too many techniques and practices in the art world. We help our students learn about them through our works. Such exhibitions are mainly to provide hands on experience to a student of art.\"The exhibition organized at Chhoti Gallery, Laxmi Nagar, will be open between 4pm to 9pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14072148", "title": "Chetan Acharya is new Konkani Bhasha Mandal president", "text": "MARGAO: Konkani writer Chetan Acharya has been appointed as the new president of Konkani Bhasha Mandal, Margao, for the term 2012-2014.While Serafin Cota is the new vice president, Anwesha Singbal and Pradip Kakodkar have been appointed as secretary and treasurer respectively. Ulhas Gaonkar and Guadalupe Dias are the joint secretaries.Other members of the committee are Fr Mousinho Ataide, Nityanand Naik, Kajal Kerkar, Mangaldas Bhat, Gunaji Desai and Surel Tilve. Taluka representatives include Vivek Mordekar (Salcete), Satyavan Naik (Tiswadi), Prasad Pagi (Canacona), Shirish Naik (Sanguem), Dinesh Manerikar (Quepem), Anuradha Naik (Bicholim), Gopinath Gawas (Sattari), Yugank Naik (Ponda), Santosh Kerkar (Mormugao) and Sunil Humraskar (Bardez).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073950", "title": "Board draws master plan, will bank on reservoirs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital is largely dependent on its neighbours for water, its other source being groundwater, the levels of which have gone down drastically in the past few years. Water utility Delhi Jal Board says that major progress has been made in distribution of water but if supply itself is curtailed, then rationalizing is their only option.Reacting on Haryana's refusal to part with 80 million gallons of water per day through the Munak canal, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said, \"The group of ministers has not given its report yet but we are entitled to our due. If nothing else works, we will be forced to go to the prime minister for help.\"Haryana recently curtailed supply to Delhi by 12-15 MGD because of which several south Delhi colonies were affected. On Saturday, a major pipe collapse in Mukarba Chowk led to further disruption in south Delhi and NDMC areas.Power failures at treatment plants also saw disruption in supply for a day or so. A power cut of even 15 minutes would mean that a one-time supply to some area would have to be minimized, say officials. Munak canal and Renuka Dam are major projects on which Delhi was dependent but there is no clarity on when water from them will be available.\"Delhi's biggest problem is its growing population and limited infrastructure. We have a limited supply of water and are trying our best to ration it out. Against an ideal supply of 135 litres per capita per day, residents are getting an average of 229 lpcd. There are huge variations in supply but our system of underground reservoirs will help sort this out,\" said a senior official.Officials say several measures have been put in place to ease the situation and water and sewage masterplans have been prepared to ensure equitable supply to the city. \"Our infrastructure is old and is being replaced at war-footing. We are losing around 25% water through leakages and illegal tapping. We want private companies to take over management of water supply so that efficiency is brought into the system. DJB will continue to remain the owner of the infrastructure and private companies will be answerable to us,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14076552", "title": "Now, helplines for Std X students to access results", "text": "PUNE: The Pune divisional board of the Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has set up a couple of helplines for providing results of the secondary school certificate (SSC, Std X) March 2012 examination. The result is to be declared online at 1 pm on Wednesday.The helpline numbers \u2014 (020) 25536712 and 25536783 \u2014 are in addition to the 10 websites on which the students can access their marksheets and take a printout of the same for submission along with the Std XI admission form. The board has also arranged for results on SMS.Apart from the helpline numbers, the divisional board has established four counseling cells to provide guidance to students, who score less than expected marks or fail in the board exam. The cells will operate between 10 am and 6 pm every day from June 13 to 19.Details of the counselors and their cellphone numbers are: Sharadchandra R Botekar of T J junior college, Khadki (9822991391) and Ramesh P Patil of Mahatma Phule college, Pimpri Waghire (9822334101), both in Pune.Similarly, T M Bangar of New Arts, Commerce and Science college, Laltaki Road, Ahmednagar (9763557131) and S A Kulkarni of Haribhai Devkaran Prashala, Solapur (9921530757).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14087400", "title": "Emraan wants to play unpredictable roles", "text": "Better known for his romantic and casanova image so far, actor Emraan Hashmi says his latest film Shanghai has changed the perception of people about him and now he wants to play unpredictable roles.\"In Shanghai a new Emraan Hashmi was showcased. For me, this film has reconstructed the perception that people had about me. After this whatever role I play, it should be as unpredictable as this. I want to surprise the audience,\" Hashmi told reporters.Emraan is seen sporting a paunch and buck tooth and is dark complexioned in Dibakar Banerjee's political thriller Shanghai. He also shed his \"serial kisser\" image as there is no such scene in the movie.\"I want to be an actor who presents his films to everyone. We know there is a divided audience. Some actors are safe and cater to one particular set of audience.\"But I really respect Dibakar for making a film like Shanghai. He took the risk of making something totally different. The praise that I have got for Jogi Parmar, I have hardly ever heard such praise in my career. After 'Shanghai', I would want to do more films like this,\" he said.Shanghai revolves around the greed and corruption of politicians, and boasts of an ensemble cast comprising Kalki Koechlin, Abhay Deol , Emraan and Bengali actor Prosenjit Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14076724", "title": "'Guilty officials will be punished'", "text": "G Thiruvasagam, vice-chancellor of the University of Madras was in Delhi on a University Grants Commission (UGC) assignment when TOI broke the story of the exit of university registrar (in charge) T Leo Alexander in connection with the BE/BTech exam scandal last Friday. In an interview to Arun Janardhanan, he speaks about the irregularities, investigations and the future course.What have you done regarding the exam scandal? I have taken steps to investigate the complaints in October 2011, after I got a tip-off. I reported the matter to the syndicate and appointed a committee headed by senior professor S Karunanidhi. After the committee submitted a report in December 2011, we appointed another committee headed by K Subburaj, a senior syndicate member. The syndicate accepted his report on May 31 and chargesheeted 30 officials. Also, we have appointed a one-man committee by K Aludiapillai, a retired IAS officer , to conduct oral inquiries with the accused. We are now awaiting the final report... What were the major irregularities? The allegations include introduction answer scripts of students who did not attend the exams, corrections on mark cards and tampering of records.Leo Alexander continues to be the controller of exams. Is it proper to allow the accused officials to continue in key posts? We have given chargesheets based on the two reports. Only the final report will find the real culprits. It will be improper if we name a few as bad before the internal inquiry gets over. Chargesheeted officials will reply within a week.Why did this scam happen? Are touts working with the university staff at the controller of examination office? We cannot say a department is responsible for the scandal. If there are bad elements operating on the campus, we will take severe action against them. The VC's office runs in the most transparent way, allowing anyone to file a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073160", "title": "No updated database on child labour", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is yet to build a database on the number of child labourers in the capital. Replying to an RTI application filed by an NGO, the labour department has said it has figures only from the 2001 census and are waiting for the 2011 findings.\"The census department has not yet published the child labour population in Delhi and the data relating to child labour according to the census 2001 is attached,\" said the response to the RTI filed by Child Rights and You that asked for the data as in March 2011.Under the proposed action plan, the government is going to carry out a survey to find out the number of child labourers in the capital.The RTI also highlighted the number of prosecutions and the recovery of the penalty from the offenders. New Delhi and south Delhi had the poorest track record with no recovery of Rs 20,000 as stipulated by the child labour Act, 1986.Sharing the findings on Tuesday, the NGO also announced the launch of a month-long campaign demanding that all children between 3 and 18 years be covered under the Right to Education Act, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14070650", "title": "Over 50 hrs of power cut shocks industry", "text": "JAIPUR: The industry sector in the state is in a rude shock after being subjected to over 50 hours of power cut following the high demand and low availability of power in the state. The state is facing a shortage of nearly 200 lakh units daily and due to the low frequency at the Northern Grid, over drawl of power is ruled out.\"The frequency at the Northern Grid should not go beyond 49.5 and because of the severe heat wave in the entire northern region, heavy drawing has brought down the frequency to the minimum. As a result, over drawing in not an option and the power cuts are unavoidable for now,'' said A K Gupta, director (technical), Jaipur Discom.Initially, the discoms had announced a power cut from Monday evening to Tuesday midnight for the industries but it has been extended for another 24 hours for the large industries. This has jolted the industry, which, during the power cut, has suffered losses running into crores.Members of United Council of Rajasthan Industries (UCRI) held an urgent meeting on Tuesday, once again making an appeal to the state government to not impose power cuts. \"The industry is paying high rates for the power provided, despite which it has to face frequent power cuts. This time, the 54-hour power cut has led to huge losses for us,'' said Vinod Gupta of UCRI.However, the state pleads helplessness. Power minister Jitendra Singh claimed that the crisis was a result of power production going down by 6000 MW in the northern belt. \"The situation is likely to be unchanged for the next four-five days,'' said the minister, adding that the priority for the state government is to provide power in the rural areas.The current demand for power is about 1,500 lakh units while the availability is around 1,250 lakh units. With several of its units not functional, the production in the state has dropped by 1,200 MW. Despite purchasing close to 200 MW from the Northern Grid at a high price, the state is facing a major crisis. Moreover, the state under the banking policy, is also on a daily basis providing power to other states. \"Despite the shortage in the state, we are providing almost 52 lakh units of power to Punjab on a daily basis. In May, we were providing Punjab close to 80 lakh units which has been brought down to 50 for now,'' said an official. The state has already imposed 1 to 5 hours power cut across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14076173", "title": "Avian wonder: Birds conduct survey before nesting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is not just human beings who usually undertake a survey before launching a new venture. Even birds are known to carry out surveys before finding a nesting place for themselves.A flock of migratory Asian birds has already begun a survey in and around Kankaria lake. The survey is a part of their nesting activity at Kamala Nehru Zoo, popularly known as Kankaria zoo.Over 2,000 migratory birds, including Spoonbill, White Ibis, Little Cormorant, Night Heron and Cattle Egrets, have been coming to the zoo for nesting. \"Over 2,000 birds come to the zoo for nesting. This year, these birds have already begun their initial activities,\" said RK Sahu, zoo superintendent.\"Before the birds finally come to the zoo for nesting, a group of 10-15 birds comes to the area and carries out the survey about the availability of food and water in the lake. Once this group is satisfied with the facilities, it goes back only to return with a larger group of such birds.\"According to Sahu, the area is best suited for nesting because of the greenery and a lake with good fish. The water is also suitable for these birds.The nesting season begins by June 15 and continues till October and November. Birds like Cattle Egret, Little Cormorant and Night Heron come to the zoo by June 15; others like Spoonbill and Ibis come in July. Officials said that two species of Cattle Egret come to the zoo for nesting.Each bird gives birth to three to four baby birds and at the end of the season, the number of birds at Kankaria becomes around 10,000. These birds come to the zoo from nearby states as the water level in the lakes there goes down drastically. When they come, the birds also use the old nests which were left behind the previous season.Our winged guests come callingCattle Egret: The Cattle Egret (Bubulcus ibis) a species of heron found in the tropics, subtropics and warm temperate zones. These birds are originally native to parts of Asia, Africa and Europe. This species maintains a special relationship with cattle, which extends to other large grazing mammals. The Cattle Egret removes ticks and flies from cattle and consumes them. The breeding season varies within South Asia. Nesting in northern India begins with the onset of the monsoon. The breeding season in Australia is November to early January.Night Heron: Adult Night Herons are short-necked, short-legged and stout herons with a primarily brown or grey plumage and in most, a black crown. Young birds are brown, flecked with white. Night Herons nest alone or in colonies on platforms of sticks in a group of trees, or on the ground in protected locations such as islands or reed-beds. About three to eight eggs are laid. They primarily eat small fish, crustaceans, frogs, aquatic insects, and small mammals. During the day they rest in trees or bushes.Spoonbill: Spoonbills are a group of large, long-legged wading birds in the family. Spoonbills generally prefer fresh water to salty but are found in both environments. They feed for many hours each day. The male gathers nesting material, mostly sticks and reeds, sometimes taken from an old nest, the female weaves it into a large, shallow bowl or platform which varies in its shape and structural integrity according to species. The female lays a clutch of about three smooth, oval, white eggs and both parents incubate.Little Cormorant: The Little Cormorant (Phalacrocorax niger) is small as compared to other cormorants. The bird is 55 cm in length with an average mass of 442.5 grams. It is a resident species in most of tropical South Asia , commonly found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam; additionally, it is a vagrant species in Afghanistan . These birds nest in colonies, typically located in trees near a water body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "daspur/bankura", "code": "14070416", "title": "Bengal bypolls: Heat keeps 10% voters away from booths", "text": "DASPUR/BANKURA: A 10% drop in voters' turnout due to sweltering heat remained the only talking point during the Assembly by-polls in Daspur and Bankura on Tuesday.Barring a few complaints of intimidation by Trinamool Congress in Daspur, polling remained by and large peaceful. During the 2011 Assembly elections, in somewhat similar weather conditions, more than 80% of the over 2-lakh strong electorate in both the segments cast their ballot. On Tuesday, it was nearly 70% in Daspur and 66% in Bankura.In Bankura, anticipating the temperature - which hovered around 42 degree celsius - political parties had appealed to the Election Commission to pre-pone the poll process by an hour to 7am and end it by 4pm. With the EC choosing to play by the rule book, several people, who had left their homes to vote early hoping to enter the polling booth at 7am had to wait and many of them chose to return back home. The 66% turnout (at 5pm) against 80.36% during the 2011 elections, however, didn't fail to dampen the enthusiasm in Trinamool camp. \"Yes, the voter turnout is less and it will only impact our margin of victory,\" said Minati Mishra, the Trinamool candidate.CPM's Bankura district secretary Amiya Patra didn't comment on the poll outcome immediately. \"We believe we have put up a strong fight. We did well in the rural belts, where our organisational strength lies,\" he said. Bankura district magistrate Golam Ansari said, \"The heat was indeed a cause for concern. We had arranged for makeshift tents and ORS solutions. Though there was no adverse report. The polling, too, has been very peaceful.\"In Daspur, CPM candidate Samar Mukherjee said, \"The polling has been peaceful, barring a few complaints that have been reported to authorities in time. I am hopeful that people have indeed cast their franchise and the result will be positive.\" Trinamool's Mamata Bhunia said: \"I hope to get a mandate to complete the unfinished task which my late husband had set out to achieve. There has been no complaint and people were able to vote freely,\" she said.Heat remained an overriding factor here, where only 73% people managed to cast their votes against the 82.2% the year before. A Trinamool leader admitted: \"If you consider this with nearly 5,000 voters added here since last year, there were about 30,000 less voters.\" Adding to this is the reported Trinamool infighting and one could easily gauge the CPM candidate's optimism. However, such reasoning didn't seem to bother the TMC candidate, who dubbed these as 'mere speculations'. \"The results will prove all these wrong,\" she said.The complaints were reported from Barbharatpur. Sraboni Panja, a school headmistress, alleged she was stopped from casting her vote by Trinamool supporters. Another 250 voters in a local booth there claimed they couldn't cast their votes due to Trinamool intimidation. Ghatal SDO Angshuman Adhikari, however, said, \"There has been no specific complaints. If there is one it will be probed. Voting has been peaceful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069912", "title": "Presidential polls: NCP, SP hint at backing Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) on Tuesday said UPA would give a \"most senior and honourable\" candidate for the presidency, a comment which lent itself to interpretations as political circles refused to see it as an innocuous plug for top aspirant Pranab Mukherjee.Lobbying turned hectic as the Presidential race entered the final leg, with press conferences by NCP and SP stepping up the pressure. In fact, the ostensible reasons for the press meets raised eyebrows about their true intent as many feeling they were intended to tilt opinion in favour of the finance minister.Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Monday invited the press only to tell them that the party had received 300 applications from aspirants for 2014 Lok Sabha polls.A day later, NCP leader D P Tripathi called reporters to announce that the party had launched \"yuvati Congress\" under Supriya Sule for empowerment of young women.The two venues took little time to echo with queries on the presidential election. Tripathi, while saying his party would go by UPA choice, said, \"UPA would meet in two-three days of notification and we would give the senior most, honourable leader as President.\" The \"senior most\" remark was interpreted widely as referring to Mukherjee. NCP sources said the party was confident that Congress would give its nod for the finance minister.A day earlier, Yadav merely said SP would wait for Congress to first name its candidate before giving its mind. However, he made it plain that he would like a \"political person\" and not a \"bureaucrat\" for the top constitutional position. His oft-articulated position is seen to point at Mukherjee above the diplomat-turned-vice-president Hamid Ansari.While NCP and SP have made their preference for veteran Congressman obvious in the run-up to election notification, the unending suspense amid reports of in-house opposition to Mukherjee could have nudged them to come out openly in his support.Sharad Pawar and Yadav have refrained from naming their preference in public but the fit they designed for next occupant of Rashtrapati Bhavan appeared tailored to suit the finance minister.SP sources said the parliamentary board on Monday discussed the President's issue in detail which would be conveyed to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi during consultations. There were indications that the SP and Congress chiefs have already held a round of talks.Despite the lobbying, NCP and SP are likely to stick with Congress irrespective of whom it picks as the candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072120", "title": "Four injured in clash, 5 held", "text": "NASHIK: Four people were injured in a scuffle between two groups in Ambe Bahula village near Vadi Varhe, 20km from Nashik, on Sunday. Both groups have lodged cross-complaints at the Vadi Varhe police station and five people were arrested on Monday. Chhabubai Bagul (50), was one of the persons who suffered injuries in the scuffle.One of the victims said that around 5pm, when they came out of a place of worship in the village after prayers, one Satish Jadhav allegedly almost drove a pick-up vehicle over them and abused them. Soon, 15-16 people allegedly thrashed the victims and pelted stones at their home. Bagul said that since the past year, one Vithhal Barve, who runs a liquor business in the area, has been threatening the group saying he would pull down their place of worship.Vitthal Barve (43), Sunil Barve (25), Mirbai Barve (50), Sunita Barve (25) and Chhotu Barve were arrested on Monday. While cops say a communal touch was being given to the incident for no reason, Abraham Mathai, president of Indian Christian Voice, said cops had got cross-complaints registered in the case to dilute the incidence of communal attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069287", "title": "Centre digs out old reports to justify sub-quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday fell back on empirical studies and recommendations of the Mandal Commission, Sachar Committee and Ranganath Misra Commission to defend its decision to carve out a 4.5% Muslim sub-quota before the Supreme Court on Wednesday.If the Mandal Commission had in a recommendation suggested reservation for other backward classes (OBCs) in 1980 \u2014 implemented after much violence in 1993 \u2014 the Rajinder Sachar Committee in November, 2006, backed an increase in the share of Muslims in government jobs.The Misra commission had in May, 2007, recommended a 10% reservation for Muslims in government jobs and as an alternative suggested carving out of a 6% sub-quota for them within the 27% OBC quota in both jobs and admissions.These three reports, comprising the bulk of documents running into 840 pages, were submitted on Tuesday by additional solicitor general Gourab Banerji to a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar that will hear the HRD ministry's appeal challenging an Andhra Pradesh High Court verdict quashing the 4.5% Muslim sub-quota.The bench had on Monday expressed unhappiness over the manner in which the Muslim sub-quota was created within the OBC reservation last December, and wanted the Centre to explain the basis of the decision backed by documents. The court said the government had failed to present relevant documents to the high court.The SC on Tuesday asked Attorney General G E Vahanvati to explain how the Centre had arrived at the figure of 4.5%, why the decision was taken in December, 2011, and the basis of empirical studies. But with the AG not here on Wednesday, the task of explaining the basis for the Muslim sub-quota and its extent would now be done by Banerji.The Mandal Commission had in 1980 recommended a large reservation for OBCs, stating that they constituted 52% of the population. However, in the Indra Sawhney case, the Supreme Court in August, 1991, ruled that the total reservation in jobs could not exceed 50%. Since, reservations for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes had already been pegged at 22.5%; the OBC quota was limited to 27%.A seven-member committee headed by retired Delhi High Court judge Rajinder Sachar in its November 17, 2006, report highlighted the social, economic and educational status of Muslims in India. Among others, it had recommended increase in employment share of Muslims, particularly jobs involving public dealing.Former Chief Justice of India Ranganath Misra headed National Commission for Religious and Linguistic Minorities in its 412-page report to the government on May 10, 2007, had suggested a variety of steps to improve Muslim and other minority groups' standing both in employment and education.It had said 10% of the central and state government jobs should be reserved for Muslims. It provided an alternative, if 10% reservation for Muslims was not possible. It said: \"We recommend that since according to the Mandal Commission Report the minorities constitute 8.4% of the total OBC population, in the 27% OBC quota an 8.4% sub-quota should be earmarked for the minorities with and internal break up of 6% for the Muslims and 2.4% for other minorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14071929", "title": "Dhoni votes for the first time in life", "text": "RANCHI: Practise what you preach. Team India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , who is also the brand ambassador of the Election Commission , has proved that he actually does it. In fact for the first time in his life, the cricketer cast ballot in an assembly election on Tuesday.Mahi, who has been appealing people to participate in the festival of democracy, reached booth no 269 on the premises of Jawahar Vidya Mandir around 12.30pm on Tuesday with his parents and brother-in-law to cast vote in the Hatia assembly byelection. Sporting a cap and a t-shirt, Dhoni reached the booth amid tight security because of the presence of a large number of fans outside the school premises since early morning. There were at least 200 people apart from men in uniform when Dhoni reached the booth in his SUV.Ritika VJ, A class X student who has come here from Jaipur for summer vacation, kept waiting for almost five hours. \"I have come here for summer vacation at my grandparent's house. When I came to know that Dhoni will vote at the booth I came here to have his glimpse,\" said Ritika who also got an opportunity to shake hand with Ranchi Rambo. BCom student Saurav, who was also waiting since early morning, managed to reach close to Dhoni because of grate crash. \"The crowd was not ready to listen to security men on duty as the main gate of the school. The moment Dhoni came out of his four-wheeler, we rushed towards him and I also got an opportunity to shake hand with him,\" said an overwhelmed Saurav. He kept staring at Dhoni for a few minutes while shaking hands with the youth icon.Sources close to Dhoni's family said this was the first occasion (since he attained 18 years) when he was in the city and cast his vote with his parents. \"He wanted to send a message to the masses that no one should take elections lightly and make it sure that they cast vote to elect a correct representative,\" said a family friend.To the dismay of the fans, Dhoni did not say any thing to them he just shook hand and waved towards the crowd before leaving for his house in the SUV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14072012", "title": "Corporation to install seven high mast lights in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation has taken steps to illuminate all the major locations in the city. Seven high mast lights will light up the city from Wednesday onwards. Mayor A K Premajam will inaugurate the high mast light at Malaparamba junction.The new high mast lamp at Malaparamba junction -- notorious for frequent accidents - is expected to help reduce the number of accidents taking place at this place.With this the Malaparamba bypass will have two 16m high mast lighting with six sodium vapour lamps of 200 watt each. Five 12m high mast light with four sets of 40 watt LED lights have been installed at five other major locations -- in front of the LIC building at Mananchira (it was there already), at Pavangad, Palayam, Stadium junction, Mankkavu junction and in front of BEM High School, Mananchira.The civic body has spent Rs 40.5 lakh for the project envisaged under the Peoples' Plan Programme for the year 2011-2012.Corporation engineer Joseph Paul said the high mast lights would save energy to a great extent. It needs only 50% of the energy needed to illuminate other lamps,\" he said. \"The advantage of the 16m high mast lamp is that it will light up the moment it is turned on. In normal case it takes time for such lamps to illuminate completely,\" said Joseph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14072703", "title": "15 dogs found dead in past 1 week, foul play suspected", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 15 street dogs and pets were found dead in the past one week in Kumudham Nagar and Cheran Maa Nagar in the city. The residents of the area allege that the dogs were poisoned and have demanded a probe into these incidents.C S Sasikumar, a businessman residing at Kumudham Nagar said that his dog was poisoned by unidentified individuals. He had a 5-year-old German Shepherd. Every day, he let the dog out on the streets for a few minutes for his daily exercise. His dog was found dead after his routine exercise on Sunday. Residents alleged that at least 15 dogs were found poisoned in the locality during the last one week.\"We dont know if some antisocial elements are systematically targeting the dogs in this locality or if the local civic body workers are trying to poison the dogs. There are so many street dogs in the area,\" said Sasikumar.Deputy Commissioner of Police, Hema Karunagaran said that the matter was brought to her notice on Tuesday. She said she would ensure that city police would look into it to ascertain if there was any foul play involved in the incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14084337", "title": "Darsheel gets a nose job", "text": "The actor will be seen sporting prosthetics in Deepa Mehta's nextAt 11, Darsheel Safary won millions of hearts with his portrayal of a dyslexic child Ishaan in Aamir Khan's Taare Zameen Par. Five years later, the actor has taken up a role that is more challenging. In Deepa Mehta's adaptation of Salman Rushdie's Midnight's Children, Darsheel who plays the younger Saleem Sinai is sporting a prosthetic nose. In fact, Mirror has learnt that Darsheel was not allowed to remove the artificial nose even when he wasn't shooting. But Darsheel isn't complaining.To TOI, he said nonchalantly, \"Well, Saleem is a very unique character in looks and personality. It wasn't easy playing him. But I am used to tough roles. I did Taare Zameen Par when I was only 11.\"In the novel, as in the screenplay, Saleem has a very unique and long nose. So, Mehta wanted to cast an actor who fits the bill. She got Satya Bhabha (with a fairly large nose) to portray the older Saleem Sinai. And when it came to Darsheel, she decided to fit him with a prosthetic one.Darsheel spent a lot of time hanging out with Satya Bhabha who plays the older Saleem. \"I was told to observe him carefully and use some of his body language. He's a fun guy. We had a lot of man-to-man conversations,\" said the 16-year-old actor.Having completed his shoot for the project, Darsheel also revealed that in the future, he may not continue acting. \"Dancing is also a passion. So I may decide to become a choreographer. Or I may go for a third option. Just because I've been appreciated as an actor doesn't mean I'd get the same love of my fans when I grow up,\" said Darsheel, who when referred to as a child, strikes back, \"Arrey that was when I did Taare. I was born in 1996. So you can calculate how old I am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14072372", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive starts", "text": "NOIDA: Toughening its stand against rampant unauthorized parking across the city, the Noida Authority inspected various residential sectors on Tuesday as part of its 'special drive' against the illegal use of sidewalks and roads.The Authority has constituted a team that surveyed Sectors 16 and 17 on Tuesday to check against encroachments and illegal parking. The team has also begun preparing a list of all spots where several institutions and offices have encroached upon open spaces or sidewalks around their premises for parking. The drive in Sector 16 will also crack down on all such institutions or organizations that use their basements or designated parking spaces for other purposes.According to the Noida Authority ACEO, Pramanshu Kumar, the drive is divided into two phases. In the first week, several teams of the Authority will go around the city to identify sites plagued with encroachments and unauthorized parking. Once the survey is complete, the enforcement department will begin removing these encroachments.\"We have constituted just one team now that began the drive from Sector 16. However, within the next few days, we will form more such teams to go around the entire city. We will also prepare a schedule of the entire drive by tomorrow,\" an official said.\"We have been receiving constant complaints of unauthorized parking on roads, sidewalks, etc, especially around commercial buildings and office spaces. Many such organizations use their basements for storing machinery or other purposes and force their employees to park on the road. This causes a lot of inconvenience to pedestrians as well as motorists. The Authority has decided to get strict this time and ensure that such practice comes to an end,\" the official added.Earlier last week, Noida Authority had sent notices to HCL for unauthorized construction in their offices in Sectors 3 and 17 and for using the pavement around the premises for unauthorized parking. On a visit to the site, Noida Authority officials had found that not only the sidewalk and pavements around the building encroached upon and being used as parking area, but the basement of the buildings that should have ideally been used for parking was being used instead to host a cafeteria, and storing machinery and equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071103", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation may lose JNNURM funds as many projects lie unfinished", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though the stage is set for rolling out the second phase of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), projects worth nearly Rs 800 crore sanctioned under JNNURM-I have not been completed yet by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).Ten projects were not completed due to various reasons such as encroachments on nala catchment areas, land acquisition in Old City and escalation of prices and non-payment of beneficiary contribution for housing projects. If these projects are not completed by December, the sanctioned amount under the scheme might lapse and the civic body might be forced to complete these projects with its own money.The deadline for these projects was 2012 but the Centre gave time till 2014. However, the corporation has to show progress from time to time to get the amount.Sources said the projects have come to a halt due to various reasons and cannot be solved in the near future like removal of encroachments on nalas and acquisition of properties near Charminar for road widening.The Centre had cleared 26 projects worth Rs 2,200 crore of the GHMC under two categories Urban Infrastructure and Governance (UI&G;) and Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) of JNNURM. Most of these works were sanctioned during 2005 and 2006. Of them, 10 works worth about Rs 407 crore were sanctioned under Urban Infrastructure and Governance and another Rs 1,890 crore under BSUP.The sanctioned projects include remodelling of storm water drains, Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP), housing projects and construction of flyovers.Among these, the corporation has completed three flyovers at Chandrayangutta, Greenlands and Punjagutta, and some works under BSUP. The rest were at different stages of completion.\"The corporation had utilised only Rs 210 crore of the Rs 407 crore under UI&G; and Rs 1,200 crore of the Rs 1,890 crore under BSUP. Over Rs 800 crore is still unutilised by the corporation,\" a GHMC official said.Sources said Rs 266 crore was sanctioned under JNNURM in two phases for remodeling of storm water drains Muriki nala, Kukatpally nala and Balkapur channel. \"As removal of over 2,000 encroachments on these drains has become an uphill task, the GHMC could spend only Rs 90 crore in the past five years,\" a GHMC engineering wing official said.For CPP, an amount of Rs 35 crore was sanctioned under JNNURM. Since widening of inner and outer ring road of Charminar are yet to be completed, only Rs 25 crore was utilised for the scheme.With regard to Musi Revitalisation Project, the corporation has recently submitted revised project proposals for Rs 60 crore.GHMC has been facing problems in housing projects due to escalation of cost of construction material and beneficiary contribution.\"There are several incomplete works under JNNURM and GHMC would try to complete these within a year by overcoming all hurdles,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14069134", "title": "30 years on, DDA allots Rohini plots on paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: After waiting for more than 30 years to bag a Delhi Development Authority (DDA) plot, there was little joy among 24,529 allottees of the Rohini Residential Scheme of 1981 who were named in DDA's biggest-ever draw of lots on Tuesday. The very belatedly lucky owners complained there was not so much as an approach road to their plots and that the DDA had merely pulled off a patchwork job ahead of the high court's June 13 deadline.\"This is just a cover-up. The plots allotted to us are underdeveloped. There are no roads in the area, no water or sewer lines or power connection. How do they expect people to move there,\" asked Rahul Gupta, an allottee, who has filed a petition in the Supreme Court demanding allotment of \"only developed plots\".\"After having waited for 31 years, we have been given a raw piece of land,\" said Randhir Kumar Luthra, who heads the association of applicants which has filed a suit against DDA. \"Moreover, the size of the plot has been reduced considerably from what we were promised. The upper limit promised then was 90m under MIG category and 48m in LIG. However, no one has been allotted more than 60m under MIG and 32m under LIG category,\" he claimed.The DDA admitted that the plots were \"under-developed\" but its assurance on laying down the facilities came with a further time lag. \"DDA will process the allotments for possession which may take time because all these registrants are very old registrants and their genuineness and eligibility needs to be verified. Therefore, possession may take some time,\" a DDA statement said. \"The Delhi high court has directed the DJB and local electricity authorities to take up providing services to these plots on a priority basis. It is expected that by the time the cases are processed for possession, all services will be available.\"\"The result of draw has already been uploaded on DDA website,\" the statement added, saying the layout plan for the site was ready and had been put up online too.That is little consolation to the likes of D C Bhargava, 71, whose wait has only got harder with age. \"I had applied for the scheme in 1981 to build a house for myself to live after retirement. But going by the condition of the plot, I don't think I can live my dream at least for the next few years,\" he said.The scheme, when launched in 1981, drew a massive response from some 82,400 applicants. Little did they realize that it would take 31 years and torturous litigation to get hold of their plot. While 24,529 applicants finally got a plot on Tuesday, the remaining 471 registrants of LIG and EWS category will have to wait up to three months more for plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14072828", "title": "Austerity forces 20% cut in Nobel prize money", "text": "LONDON: Nobel Prize will not be the worth as much as it used to be, after the Nobel foundation announced a 20% slash in the value of its prestigious prizes this year, aimed to safeguard its long-term capital prospects.The board of directors of the Nobel Foundation has announced a cut in the prize money to be awarded to 2012 laureates in view of bad investment decisions in the past and to safeguard the economic base of the prestigious prizes.At its meeting this week, the board set the amount of the 2012 Nobel Prizes at Swedish Krona 8.0 million per prize, amounting to a lowering of the prize sum by 20%.\"The Nobel Foundation regards this as a necessary measure in order to avoid an undermining of its capital in a long-term perspective...Another part of the picture is that during the past decade, the average return on the Foundation's capital has fallen short of the overall sum of all Nobel Prizes and operating expenses\", the Foundation said in a press release.\"The Nobel Foundation is responsible for ensuring that the prize sum can be maintained at a high level in the long term. We have made the assessment that it is important to implement necessary measures in good time,\" Lars Heikensten, Executive Director of the Nobel Foundation, said.The announcement comes as Myanmar's pro-democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi - who was awarded the Nobel Peace prize in 1991 - will collect it on Saturday in Oslo, where she is also to deliver the Nobel Lecture.The Foundation said that the capital left behind by scientist and entrepreneur Alfred Nobel must be managed in such a way that it will be possible to award the Nobel Prize in perpetuity, while guaranteeing the independence of the prize-awarding institutions.\"The decision to lower the prize sum...is related to the assessment that the Board of Directors makes of the potential for achieving a good inflation-adjusted return on the Nobel Foundation's capital during the next several years\", the Foundation said in the release.The costs of the Nobel Foundation's central administration and the Nobel festivities are also being reviewed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070974", "title": "Anti-Sikh riots: Sajjan Kumar moves HC against trial court order", "text": "NEW DELHI: Senior Congress leader Sajjan Kumar on Tuesday moved the Delhi high court challenging the trial court's order dismissing his plea to use the statement of a victim given before a judicial commission to defend himself in a 1984 anti-Sikh riots case.Kumar's plea was dismissed on June 2 by the trial court which had said that the witness Jagdish Kaur's statements to judicial commissions cannot be used for any purpose, including that for discrediting her or to impeach her. Kumar's petition is listed for hearing before Justice S P Garg on Wednesday.However, senior counsel H S Phoolka, representing the victims, has written a letter to the registrar general of the high court saying that listing of the case is against the guidelines for listing of urgent matters during vacations.\"The listing of this matter is clearly against the guidelines of 'listing of urgent matters'. During vacations, only those matters are to be listed 'which cannot brook delay' till the normal sitting of the court,\" the senior lawyer said. He also said the trial court has listed the matter for hearing on July 12 and there is no urgency to hear the matter. \"No urgency or happening of any event before July 2 has been alleged in the stay application or in the revision petition....,\" the letter said.Stating that the matter be listed after reopening of courts, the lawyer said, \"The petitioner has got this matter listed by suppression of facts and wants to get the matter listed only during the vacations because both the special public prosecutors appointed by this very court are out of the country and hence are not available during the vacations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071324", "title": "Heritage committee furious over construction at Sitabuldi fort", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Heritage Conservation Committee has taken serious a note of the construction activities going on inside Sitabuldi Fort allegedly without any permission, and has decided to take the issue with municipal commissioner followed by knocking the doors of the high court.The committee, in its meeting held at the office of NMC's Town Planning Department on Tuesday, discussed at length the Sitabuldi Fort issue. Sources told TOI that the committee has decided to take a step further due to no response from the Indian Army. A notice was issued by the committee to the Army for stopping construction and submitting reply as to why no permission was taken before commencement of construction. But the Army in its reply, cited about permissions from its head office.Besides, the Army had to say that permission was not required as the area comes under its jurisdiction.The committee in its next notice, stated that permission was mandatory as the Fort was a heritage site. But there was no reply from the Army. Therefore, the committee will consult the municipal commissioner for further course of action and also may go legal way,\" said sources.The committee in the meeting too discussed other proposals. Chairman of the committee Chitkala Zutshi, members including Ashok Mokha, Shrikant Deshpande and others were present. A senior NMC official said that the Gandhisagar lake's rejuvenation plan got in-principle approval from the committee.\"NMC started the works with the funds sanctioned from the Central government. But the NMC was not aware of the lake coming under heritage structure list. The committee stopped the works three-four months ago. Then NMC applied for the permission. The proposal was discussed and given approval subject to some conditions. NMC's officer in-charge for lakes and rivers Mohammed Israil was present and gave details about the project. Now NMC may restart the works with the instructions from the committee,\" he said.The Heritage Conservation Committee also decided to frame guidelines for taking up annual maintenance including electrification and other works at the High Court building. Besides, the committee accorded approval to the proposal for increasing the height of railing on compound wall of Vidhan Bhavan by 3 metres subject to guidelines of heritage site.Sources said that the proposal for expansion of District Court too came for discussion before the committee. \"Proposal was to undertake construction behind Dagdi Court, heritage structure. The committee asked the Public Works Department to first give presentation of the plan and also submit the design. Thus the proposal was kept pending for the next meeting. The committee had earlier denied demolition of Dagdi Court and suggested for alternate arrangements,\" said the sources.The committee too discussed on other proposals on the agenda in the meeting. Zutshi said that she would be able to comment on the proposals once the minutes of the meeting are prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14035561", "title": "English sermons at Hyderabad mosque a big draw", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the city of Nizams that has metamorphosed into a bustling metropolis, this mosque was possibly in the making. Tucked away in a quiet corner of Banjara Hills, a mosque is playing the part of the Pied Piper for the English-speaking believers in the city, offering them an air-conditioned hall to offer namaz and delivering sermons in English even as the devout read the Quran from Islamic applications on their iPads .The plush interiors of the centrally air conditioned mosque located on Road No. 8 Banjara Hills and with prayer carpets to sink one's feet in, the mosque is a hit with the affluent. Worshippers vouch for the mosque's comfortable ambience which they say is conducive to religious learning. They add that unlike the traditional mullah, the mosque offers lectures and sermons on topical subjects by professionals working with various firms who have a practical approach to religion. Further, a large number of foreign students throng the mosque during Ramzan as lectures are given in English. What clicks with the smart phone-wielding believers here is the contemporary tone of sermons and the practical approach to Islam.Worshippers at the mosque said that understanding the Friday qutbah at other mosques across the city has become increasingly difficult as is delivered in chaste Urdu. Syed Zaheeruddin, a 28-year-old assistant manager in an MNC in Hi-Tec City said, \"Everything the young Muslim does is in English. We were educated in school with English as the medium of instruction. We discharge our professional duties in English. And despite Urdu being our mother tongue, we speak to our children in English at home too. So, everything taught here sinks effortlessly.\"The mosque witnesses around 400 worshippers every Friday out of which around 100 are women. Insiya Abdul Raheem, a 23-year-old psychology graduate said, \"I am more conditioned to listening to English and understand it better than I understand Urdu. And since I have a thirst for understanding religion, it makes sense that I come to this mosque.\"Officials say it was important they reinvented and thus started at the very first step of religious instruction - communication. They added that for Muslims to be able to discharge religious duties, it was important that they understood them first. Mirza Yawar Baig, an IIM-A graduate of 1985 batch and a management consultant serving as both as imam and khateeb of the mosque, said, \"The principle of communication is the transmission of ideas and knowledge. English has become the language of the world and of education of the youth. Ironic as it may seem, it made perfect sense to disseminate knowledge of their own faith in the English language. It is important that I speak in a language that people understand since many understand English better than they understand their own mother tongue. The qutbah aims to help Muslims to understand their lives and current events in the context of the Quran, sunnah (teachings of the Prophet) and Islamic history. The purpose of the qutbah is defeated if people don't understand it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071683", "title": "Railways augment coaches to clear rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways have decided to re-number train numbers 12563/12564 Lokmanya Tilak-Faizabad Express as 22103/22104 Lokmanya Tilak-Faizabad Express train from October 8, 2012 while departing from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus and from October 9, 2012 when departing from Faizabad. The other features like timings, route, stoppages, composition will remain unchanged. On the other hand, in order to clear extra rush of passengers during the summer months, Railways has decided to augment the number of coaches in some of the trains, on temporary basis.Train number 12502/12501 New Delhi-Guwahati-New Delhi Poorvottar Sampark Kranti Express will be augmented by one additional sleeper class coach till June 30 while departing from Guwahati and till July 1 while departing from New Delhi. Train number 15707/15708 Katihar-Amritsar-Katihar Express will be augmented by one additional sleeper class coach till June 30 while departing from Katihar and till July 3 while departing from Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075439", "title": "Lawyers ignore Advocates Association of Bangalore call", "text": "BANGALORE: It was business as usual on Tuesday at Court Hall No.1 where the high court Chief Justice conducts proceedings, not withstanding a boycott by the Advocates Association of Bangalore (AAB).There was not even a token response to the AAB call. Advocates, however, chose to heed the call given by the Karnataka State Bar Council (KSBC ), the apex body for the profession in thestate, and attended the court of Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen.Sloagneering AAB office-bearers led by president KN Subba Reddy stood outside the door of the court hall and urged their fellow members to come out in vain. They ended up jeering at colleagues entering the hall.A few women advocates complained to the chief justice that \"they were pushed and an attempt was made to prevent them from entering from courthall\". \"Wecan only apologize to you for what has happened,\" the chief justice replied. Reddy described the strong police presence at the doors of the court hall as a sign of \"police raj\".The AAB had called for the boycott as a mark of protest against what it termed as the \"failure of the chief justice\" in initiating proper action over the March 2 violence at the city civil court complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073390", "title": "Surge in online applications", "text": "NEW DELHI: The past two days have seen a surge in online applications with the number of forms submitted crossing the 51,000-mark on Tuesday. So far, Delhi University has received payment for 18,500 applications. The traffic increased after corrective measures were taken on June 7-the day the payment gateway became operational.The online application system encountered a major glitch with the payment gateway not being ready. Students were asked to either wait till the gateway was active or pay via bank drafts. It took three days for the gateway to become active.\"Problems with the payment gateway slowed down the traffic initially as many students wanted to pay through debit/credit cards,\" said deputy dean of students' welfare Gurpreet Singh Tuteja. \"So far, 13,500 payments have been made online. About 5,000 candidates have paid through DD,\" added Tuteja. \"We hope to see more submissions as the process draws to a close,\" said dean of students' welfare J M Khurana.New links and the 'status' button added to the index (first page) spurred online applications. Problems arose when students submitted their forms without payment, and assumed that the application process had been completed.\"By pressing the status button, students can find out if their forms have actually been submitted. If the student has not made any payment, the status will be 'transaction not done'. In case of successful completion, the student will get transaction and authorization IDs,\" said Tuteja. In case students forget their application number or details, they can retrieve them by simply submitting their email ID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14076967", "title": "The new face of North Chennai", "text": "Kodungaiyur and Vyasarpadi, contiguous localities in north Chennai, were dens of crime two decades ago. They provided hideouts to notorious felons Asaithambi and Kabilan, their associates and rivals, and gangs of hoodlums who terrorized the area. Kodungaiyur's grubby, nondescript rows of buildings offered the perfect cover for two men who plotted and helped execute Rajiv Gandhi's assassination. Jayakumar and Robert Payas were arrested from Kodungaiyur and Porur, a month after suicide bomber Dhanu detonated the bomb that killed the former prime minister at Sriperumbudur on May 21, 1991.Asaithambi and Kabilan were shot dead in police encounters five years later. It was a part of Chennai that everyone dreaded. If crime is a barometer of low livability, Vyasarpadi and Kodungaiyur were the worst places to live in the city. Two decades later, things have changed. The localities are now thickly populated and vibrant.The crime rate has dropped drastically, land and building prices are rising, restaurants are doing brisk business and people no longer live in fear of hoodlums. Hospitals have come up and the rundown houses have been replaced by new apartment buildings and commercial complexes.The transformation took 20 years, says M Sulochana, 62, who lives in Vyasarpadi. \"When we came to Vyasarpadi in 1975, the place was full of thorny scrub and would not dare to step out after 6pm. On many nights we would hear people screaming for help,\" she said.Residents say rents and property rates are up. S Mani, a resident of Maha Kavi Bharathi Nagar, says he bought a couple of properties in Kodungaiyur and neighbourhoods nearby in the '70s. \"I could charge very little rent because few people wanted to live in the area. These properties now fetch me `50,000 per month.\" Builders are cashing in on the change. Rajarathinam Constructions, for example, has built houses in Madhavaram and Moolakadai. Dominos and other pizzerias have set up shop in Kodungaiyur and Vyasarpadi as have Sangeetha Restaurant and retail chains.Tondiarpet Apollo Hospitals is now a landmark and other healthcare centres with advanced equipment and facilities have opened in localities nearby. Localities like Kodungaiyur, Maha Kavi Bharathi Nagar, Mathur-MMDA, Madhavaram and Tondiarpet are becoming hotspots, with their proximity to Parry's, Egmore and Chennai Central railway stations playing a large part in this change. \"Many Marwaris are moving to MKB Nagar, Kodungaiyur, Korukkupet and Tondiarpet,\" says Mangal Chand Tater, secretary of Sambhavnath Jain Mandir Trust. The proximity to Sowcarpet, where many Marwari businesses are located, has encouraged Marwaris to move to Kodungaiyur.Also, the crime rate in Vyasarpadi has dropped from 15 years ago, says additional superintendent of police S Jayakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14069492", "title": "Anti-child labour day: Rescued children share their success stories", "text": "MYSORE: The phrase 'Today's children are the citizens of tomorrow' has lost its meaning, given the prevalence of child labour across the country. To spread awareness on the social evil among those who blindly practise child-labour, students of different schools took out a jatha. The event commemorated World Anti-Child Labour Day here on Tuesday.Speaking on the occasion, district and sessions judge Mohan Shriprasad Sankolli said that despite laws to curb child labour, the number of children who are forced to work is on the rise.\"It is the responsibility of each individual to strive to curb the practice. It is our duty to give back the golden age of children which they have lost,\" he added.Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, who is also the president of National Child Labour Scheme Society, said children are the wealth of the nation.\"They are the creators of the nation's future. The society must spread awareness against child labour,\" he added.A boy, who was rescued from a garage sometime ago, said he was happy to be able to go to school. But he said his mother still forces him to discontinue studies. He is now studying in Class IX. He had passed Class VIII with 96%.Another child who took part in the jatha was rescued from a furniture factory. After being rescued, he took to athletics. He has represented the district in a state-level athletic meet held at Udupi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074031", "title": "Monkey takes peak hour fast train", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters in a Dadar-Borivli fast local had to share their compartment with a surprise visitor on Tuesday evening. A monkey, which had escaped from its trainer, took refuge in the ladies compartment around 6.35pm at Dadar station. It was rescued half an hour later by forest officials along with the GRP at Andheri station.The sight of the monkey sparked fear among commuters. Those in the compartment alleged that while cops at Dadar had noticed the monkey, they did not make any such announcement at stations, because of which women kept getting into the coach and getting shocked. Some even screamed in fear.Officials said the monkey had crawled under a seat. \"It had rings in its ears, so we realized it must have escaped from a trainer,\" a commuter said. The GRP control room was informed about the situation and finally at Andheri station, forest officials injected the monkey with a sedative and brought it out of the train around 6.52pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071287", "title": "Call data nailed accused in cash-for-bail scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was the telephone call data report (CDR) pertaining to suspended CBI court judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son Ravichandra, retired district judge T Chalapathi Rao, illegal mining case accused Gali Janardhan Reddy's brother and Karnataka MLA Somasekhara Reddy, middleman Yadagiri Rao and others that led to the registration of FIR against the CBI judge and all the other accused charged in the cash-for-bail case.It may be recalled that following a complaint by the CBI about the alleged financial transactions that took place behind the bail order granted to mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy, that the AP high court placed the CBI court judge T Pattabhirama Rao under suspension and ordered an inquiry against him.According to the FIR registered by the ACB in this case, the HC chief justice directed the CBI to request both the state and the Centre to issue a notification for a full-fledged CBI probe into the episode. In the meanwhile, it can forward its complaint to the ACB for registering the case under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, and the relevant IPC sections, the HC's internal communication, which has now been made part of the FIR, says.Pattabhirama Rao granted bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy on May 11, 2012, and the phone call records of the accused on this date and after pointed towards an agreement for bail on payment of huge cash, the FIR says. CBI sleuths recovered Rs 2.74 crore from the five lockers in Corporation Bank's Ashok Nagar branch that were lying in the name of Chalapathi Rao and also from the house of his brother Balaji Rao. The keys of these lockers were found in the possession of Pattabhirama Rao, whose son Ravichandra was found operating them. Neither Chalapathi nor Pattabhi could offer any reasonable explanation for this sudden accumulation of cash that came in the wake of the bail granted to Gali, the FIR says.Chalapathi played a key role in influencing Pattabhi in this regard after he came into contact with Gali Somasekahara Reddy through middleman Yadagiri, the FIR says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14086211", "title": "Even Ude is derogatory: Jatin Das", "text": "Following the govt's decision to take action on the chinki issue, painter Jatin Das reacts to the nomenclature problems.In an attempt to prevent racial discrimination against people from the North East states, the Ministry of Home Affairs has asked to book anyone who commits an act of atrocity against people from the region under the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act. The punishment \u2014 up to five years of imprisonment and denial of anticipatory bail. Though the whole of Odia community doesn't strictly fall under this, when BT asked renowned painter Jatin Das to comment on how he feels when somebody refers to an Odia as \"Ude\", he said, \"One should understand that calling a Bengali Bong or a Gujrati Gujju is different from calling an Odia Ude. Bong and Gujju are just shortened versions of the names of the communities. But when you call us Ude, it's used in a derogatory sense. The term was coined when Odias were the working class in Bengal during the British Raj.\"The painter thinks the Indian government should concern itself with more pressing matters of the country than debate on this. \"Our government should highlight basic problems like food, shelter or illiteracy. They should not waste time on these trivial matters of name-calling. We should also possess a sense of humour to accept these issues. But the lack of proper education is making our countrymen react to the wrong things,\" he signs off.Stereotyping could mean jail!Shaan , Singer and TV anchor Community: Bengali Stereotype: Bong/Macher Jhol We are getting overly-sensitive about being politically correct. People have been using chinki and other stereotypes for years, and no one found anything wrong in using them. Besides, no one uses the words with malicious intent. It was used to refer to the shape of the eyes... even I have been called chinki by friends. We have much larger issues to focus on.Meiyang Chang, Actor/ TV show host Community: North East Stereotype: Chinki I am an Indian and have lived here all my life. But I think people are used to addressing people in a certain way. It is very common \u2014 it is the same way we address Bongs and Sardars. It is funny that a rule as harsh as this has been implemented now.Suchitra Krishnamoorthi, Actor Community: South Indian Stereotype: Idli Sambhar, Madrasi It's absolutely ridiculous. People need to be educated not punished for their stupidity if they choose to insult you. People using these words are ignorant. The government should focus on larger issues. The need of the hour is to educate such people and not to put them behind bars.Cyrus Sahukar, Actor Community: Parsi Stereotype: Bawa Stereotypes are terrible because they separate the individual's personality, person, and point of view and place them in an assembly line. But most people use it without realising that it is insensitive or derogatory. More than punishing people, the focus should be on creating awareness.(Compiled by Melissa D'costa)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14084174", "title": "Rains dampen Vikram\u2019s London shoot of \u2018Thandavam\u2019", "text": "The shooting schedule of Vikram's forthcoming flick Thandavam, directed by A L Vijay, has been thrown into disarray because of heavy rains in the UK Vikram's upcoming action thriller Mollywood flick Thandavam got delayed due to heavy rains in London.Dhananjayan, head-south, UTV Motion Pictures says, \"Heavy rain in London is hampering the shooting of Thandavam. It's a battle against nature to complete the planned portions every day.\" According to him, the unit had planned a big scene in a huge government building with several local junior artists. But heavy rains forced them to abandon the plan. \"The crew is having sleepless nights to complete the shoot on time. Hope the rains stop and the weather helps us,\" Dhananjayan adds.Starring Vikram, Jagapathi Babu, Anushka Shetty and Amy Jackson in lead roles, Thandavam is a bilingual, being made simultaneously in Tamil and Telugu. Music of the film is helmed by G V Prakash Kumar.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14076512", "title": "Biker hits flyover wall in Chinchwad, falls to death", "text": "PUNE: A 23-year-old motorcyclist was killed and his pillion rider suffered serious head injuries when they plunged 40-ft from the Chinchwadgaon flyover near Chaphekar chowk to the road below. Their vehicle had crashed into the protective compound wall of the flyover first on Monday night.Police identified the deceased as Vaibhav Barhate, a resident of Sinhgad college boys' hostel in Dhayari. The injured victim, Sudhir Jogdand , who resides at Aditya Birla memorial hospital quarters, is undergoing treatment at the hospital.The 1-km Chinchwadgaon overbridge is built along the road that links Chinchwad railway station to Thergaon. It provides direct access to Chinchwad station and Thergaon and enables vehicles to avoid the busy Chaphekar square and the old octroi post crossing.The overbridge starts a little before the chowk and ends near the Pavana river point at Thergaon. Vehicles have to negotiate some sharp turns on the flyover. It was thrown open in December 2011, but local residents have complained about the low protective compound wall with no median on the flyover.Police said Barhate and Jogdand were going to Thergaon from Chinchwad station. As they approached the flyover stretch above Valhekarwadi's old octroi post, Barhate lost control and the vehicle crashed into the protective wall. The impact caused both to be thrown off the flyover, police said. The Chinchwad police have registered a case of accident and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14076983", "title": "Monsoon likely in a week", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The south west monsoon is likely to hit Odisha within a week, according to local meteorological centre forecast on Tuesday.\"The south west monsoon approaching Odisha has been slow but is likely to pick up pace in the next two to three days. We expect arrival of the monsoon in the state within a week,\" said director of meteorological centre, Sarat Chandra Sahu. He said several places in the state have started receiving pre-monsoon showers and thunderstorms, leading to a drop in the temperature. The pre-monsoon showers will continue till the monsoon hits the state, Sahu said.Nevertheless, large swathes of the state continued to battle the scorching heat, with Sambalpur recording the day's highest temperature at 44.6 degree Celsius on Tuesday, followed by Jharsuguda (44.0 degree Celsius) and Sundergarh, Talcher and Angul (43.5 degree Celsius) and Hirakud (43.2 degree Celsius). Titlagarh sizzled at 42.5 degree Celsius, while Balangir and Sonepur burned at 42 degree Celsius. Bhubaneswar and Cuttack recorded 39.3 degree Celsius and 39.0 degree Celsius respectively.However, with several places in the state receiving pre-monsoon showers, the government has speeded up preparations to help farmers for the khariff crop season. It has set a target of providing an estimated Rs 3,000 crore crop loan to 15 lakh farmers during the 2012 kharif season. Besides, the government has decided to disburse Rs 600 crore towards agricultural term loan during the 2012-13 financial year, said a government officer.The crop loans would be available to farmer members of the Primary Agricultural Cooperative Societies at an interest of 5%. If the farmers repay the outstanding dues on or before due date, they would be given a rebate of 2% on the interest, the officer added.The sunstroke death toll confirmed by the state government, meanwhile, stood at 35, while unofficially the toll is said to be as high as 159.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "14077685", "title": "East Central Railway to run special trains from Saharsa, Darbhanga", "text": "SAHARSA: The East Central Railway (ECR ) has decided to run a pair of special trains between Saharsa and Ambala and other such pairs of trains between Darbhanga and Ambala in view of the huge rush of passengers.While six pairs of special trains will run between Darbhanga and Ambala, only one pair of special train has provided between Ambala and Saharsa, which will run on June12. Darbhanga-Ambala special trains will run on different dates, railway sources said.ECR senior divisional commercial manager MA Humayan said on Tuesday that railway board officials were approached for increasing the run of special train between Saharsa and Ambala. The passengers, awaiting to board the Ambala-bound regular Jansewa Express had gone berserk and vandalized the Saharsa railway junction Sunday last, when despite confirmed reservations, many of the intending passengers could not board the train, railway sources said.Ahead of the monsoon, there has reportedly been huge rush of migrant labourers, who are travelling to different destinations in Punjab and elsewhere and the long distance trains are generally over-crowded. So much so that a large number of passengers often get disappointed when they fail to board the trains at Saharsa, GRP sources said.Meanwhile, ECR divisional railway manager Satya Prakash Trivedi has deputed ACM Uday Shanker Jaisawal to probe the alleged complaints of passengers, according to which they are forced to pay excess amount on each ticket to the ticket booking personnel at Saharsa railway junction. This was one more reason behind the commuters' resentment which burst into open on Sunday, when they created a huge ruckus at the railway junction last Sunday.ACM Jaisawal has been asked to camp for some days to look into commuters' complaints about excess train fare and other such sundry grievances, senior railway officials disclosed.In the meantime, demand for more direct long-distance trains has been gathering momentum in Saharsa and adjoining districts, informed sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14086446", "title": "Thadhi community's folk science forecasts good rains in western Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: There was an era when there were no scientific gadgets available to map and grasp the progress of monsoon. In those times, the members of Thadhi community of Barmer and Jaisalmer used to forecast weather by creating folk songs. Taking ahead the legacy, the members of the community are still into writing short Rajasthani couplets to predict weather. If it is to be believed, then Rajasthan especially regions of Barmer, Jodhpur and Jaisalmer are going to get good rains.Post November the community members especially the elders who have an average age of sixty years sit together and begin predicting monsoons. Bhuvnesh Jain who works at Nehra Yuva Kendra, Delhi and hails from Barmer has even documented the famous Rajasthani couplets of the community on the weather pattern especially the monsoon.\"Many of them are illiterate and are into farming. Some of them who create these couplets ask others who are literate to jot them down. I sat with them many a times and after going through their Sankhiya(Rajasthani couplet to forecast monsoon) I found that their forecast is accurate. I have also written a book 'Rajasthan Ka Lok Vigyaan' which has the collection of Sankyia as narrated by the community,\" Jain said. For droughts, the Sankiya is \"Din Main Padey Tawado, Ratey Thanda Baav, Bhiyo Kehey Bhailee. E Kala Ro Sawbhav.(Brother tells his sister that if there is blistering heat in the noon while cold breeze during the nights, that means droughts are approaching).\"70-year Bhoparam better known as Bhopji of Kewas village of Barmer district also creates Sankhiyas. When asked to forecast this year's monsoon, he said, \"The production of Kair(a vegetable used in pickles and found in western rajashtan) this year was very poor which suggests that the monsoon will be good this year.\" \"Kaal Kehey Main Badhyo, kair kehey main chadhyo(Drought says I am progressing but Kair says my prices are high because of less production)\". Bhopji said while asserting that this year's monsoon rains would be better in western Rajasthan.Jain added that Kair is a desert vegetable which grows in less water. \"This year its production is less which implies that there is enough moisture and water which is going to be converted into rains,\" he added. Since the production of vegetables in Rajasthan is good this year the community members consolidating their belief on good rains create a new Sankiya(Rajasthani couplet to forecast monsoon) which read 'Sawan Main Suryo Chaley. Bhaad Main Purvayi, Aasoja main Pirwa Chaley, Bharbhar Gada layi(When southerly winds blow in the month of Sawan, easterly winds in the month of Bhadon, and western winds in the month of Aashad, it implies that there would be adequate rain).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073248", "title": "Rescued kids make new start with studies", "text": "NEW DELHI: From an exploited child labourer at a furniture workshop in Mayapuri to a budding child rights activist leading \"Badhte Kadam\" - a federation of 5,000 street and working children - as its national secretary, 17-year-old Vijay has come a long way in six years. And on Tuesday, which was World Day Against Child Labour, he took yet another step forward in his journey towards empowerment, clearing his Class X exams under the National Institute of Open School (NIOS).In a programme at Vigyan Bhawan, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR), along with International Labour Organisation and UNICEF , announced the campaign \"Justice for Children-End of Child Labour\". Before an auditorium packed to capacity with bureaucrats, activists, experts on child rights, newspersons, street children and freed child labourers, Vijay spoke about his struggle and newfound diginity.Until 2006, Vijay was one of the many children exploited in workshops, shops and houses as child labour. A resident of Muzzafarpur in Bihar , he came to Delhi with his brother at the age of 11. Since he failed to find a foothold in the government school where he enrolled, Vijay ended up at a furniture workshop, slogging 12 hours a day and earning Rs 10. Frustration drove him to drug addiction and alcohol. But an encounter with activists from the NGO Childhood Enhancement Through Training &amp; Action (CHETNA) and its federation for children, Badhte Kadam, changed his life.Like Vijay, 15-year-old Chandni gathered the courage to speak of her struggle on the streets selling bhutta (corn on the cob), collecting rags and selling flowers with her mother. She is now enrolled in Class VI.NCPCR chairperson Dr Shanta Sinha said, \"Chandni's experience reflects the harsh reality of life. Legal exploitation of children continues unabated due to the definition of child labour being non-universal. The definition of child needs to be reviewed. There is a need to amend the Child Labour Act to bring it in harmony with the Right to Education Act and to ensure that all forms of child labour stand abolished without drawing distinction between hazardous and non-hazardous labour.\"Sinha said strong legal instruments must be used to abolish the practice in the 14-18 age group. \"Being school dropouts, a large number of them are in the market as wage earners and are trafficked to faraway, unfamiliar workplaces,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070311", "title": "Hate letter to painter Shuvaprasanna: CID launches probe", "text": "KOLKATA: Among the pro-change intellectuals, they still remain the most vocal supporters of chief minister Mamata Banerjee even as others swayed. And they could be paying the price for their unflinching loyalty. The CID is investigating a hate letter to painter Shuvaprasanna that not only denigrates him, dramatist Arpita Ghosh and the chief minister, but also threatens them to \"mend their ways.\"\"I have been receiving many such letters that are derogatory and attack me personally. However, this letter, which I received a fortnight back, crossed all limits. It wasn't only an attack on me but also the chief minister and Arpita Ghosh. Moreover, there were implicit threats in it. I handed over the letter to the chief minister. A few days back, I was advised to lodge a complaint, which I did at Bidhannagar East police station,\" Shuvaprasanna said.Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar said the case has been handed to CID.Mamata blames CPM and its supporters for \"vitiating the atmosphere even at the personal level\". \"They are not sparing the media and journalists, and even targeting veteran artist Shuvaprasanna in their hate campaign. This is also evident on social networking sites. The language used is extremely objectionable. Is this acceptable in any democratic set-up? Can't anyone have a different view? The matter will be investigated,\" she said on Tuesday. \"In their (Left) tenure, they never had to deal with media. Now out-of-power they are using these tools to spread lies and falsehood,\" she was quoted in the party mouthpiece, Jago Bangla.Shuvaprasanna said he'd been ignoring hate letters until now. \"Itpains me that insinuations were made (in the recent letter) that I took financial and other benefits for being a vocal advocate for change. At this stage and age in life, I believe I have crossed all that. But this last letter seemed different. I believe it isn't many people who are writing such derogatory letters, three to four groups primarily, which is evident from the language and tenor. Now police will try to unravel the truth,\" he said.On April 13, this year Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra was arrested for using a housing society e-mail ID (of which he was an assistant secretary) to forward a cartoon that made fun of Mamata Banerjee and railway minister Mukul Roy on the Dinesh Trivedi issue. Even as the government - and Kolkata Police - faced all-round criticism for the arrest, Mamata stuck to her ground and said the word \"vanish\" used in the cartoon (a spoof of the Satyajit Ray classic 'Sonar Kella') actually to meant \"murder\". She even questioned Mahapatra's intention of using an email ID which wasn't his own.CID is probing two complaints lodged the same month by Salt Lake resident Suman Naskar - a Trinamool supporter - and Bikarm Saha, an associate professor of medicine at Midnapore Medical College and Hospital, on posts on their Facebook walls denigrating chief minister Mamata Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14077884", "title": "Monument of faith", "text": "Its central iconic cupola bathed in white marble, with its gold steeple reaching out to the skies, speaks volumes of the spectacular monument erected by Maharaja Ranjit Singh in the year 1839 in remembrance of the birthplace of the tenth Guru of the Sikhs and the founder of the Khalsa Panth, Guru Gobind Singh, who was born at that exact spot in Patna on December 22, 1666.Of the five Takhts bestowed with Sikh temporal authority, the Takht Shri Harmandir Saheb is one, as it is here that the tenth Guru was born. The other four Takhts are the Akal Takht in the Golden Temple in Amritsar, Takht Kesgarh Saheb in Anandpur, Punjab, where the Khalsa Panth was founded by Guru Gobind Singh on March 30, 1699, Takht Damdama Saheb in Bhatinda district of Punjab, and Takht Sachkhand Saheb where Guru Gobind Singh breathed his last at age 42.The glistening, huge marble edifice of the Takht Shri Harmandir Saheb in the Patna City area, with its smaller domes with gold spires encircling the huge central cupola, and two tall staff called the 'nishan saheb' tied with saffron cloth with the Sikh symbol, the 'khanda', at the two corners outside the main structure, draws thousands of devotees to its fold daily. The magnificent monument suffered damages in the 1934 earthquake that shook Bihar. Reconstruction was started in 1954 and continued for the next three years.Today, as soon as one enters the huge, main hall of this monument of faith, the site of the exact birthplace of the tenth Guru enfolds with devotees sitting cross-legged on the floor listening with rapt attention to the kirtan, \"Mitar pyare nu hal murida da kehna\" (the Guru's own words while at war in which he calls God a 'mitr' and tells him of his plight) being sung by three sevaks of the Harmandir Saheb. An original photograph of Guru Gobind Singh with strings of pearls adorning his neck is placed in front of the copy of the holy Guru Granth Sahib. On the right side is placed the scripture of the Adi Granth, the teachings of the five Gurus, and on the right is the Dasham Granth, the teaching of Guru Gobind Singh. A chaur-bearer continuously fans the Guru Granth Sahib, his head bowed in devotion.Thousands of devotees visiting the Takht Shri Harmandir Saheb for 'darshan', also visit the covered well adjacent to the sanctum sanctorum from where the Guru drank water during childhood before circumambulating the pious area. Devotees also get a view of the 'shastra' used by the Guru in childhood and early boyhood including sword, four arrows, kirpan, two chakras, kangha and gulel. Guru Gobind Singh, even in childhood, wore the iron chakra on his pagri with the khanda tucked in the centre. Some relics of the tenth Guru are also preserved in Patna Saheb. Among them is a pangura (cradle) with four stands covered with gold plates. Guru Gobind Singh slept in this cradle. The Hukamnamas of Guru Gobind Singh and Guru Tegh Bahadur contained in a book are also kept here.A pair of Guru Tegh Bahadur's 'kharaon' made of red sandalwood with the edges embossed in gold and a pair of the young Guru Gobind Singh's made of ivory and also embossed in gold (kept in a glass case) are displayed here.Mahendra Singh Sachdeva, a kar sevak at the Takht says, \"Over 2,000 devotees comprising Sikhs, Hindus and Muslims come daily to the holy birthplace of Guru, open for darshan from 3 am to 9 pm throughout the year. All devotees visiting the sanctum sanctorum are served with 'karah parshad' made in equal proportions of flour, sugar and ghee. Almost all devotees coming to pay obeisance here eat at the langar where lentils, roti, rice, vegetables and pickles are served twice a day. It is estimated that over 2,500 eat at the langar daily. Everything that is cooked in the langar comes as part of contributions or 'daan' offered by devotees yearly. \"Wheat comes to us chiefly from Punjab and Lakhimpur Kheri district of Uttar Pradesh,\" said an office-bearer of the Takht committee.Visitors religiously visit the museum within the precincts of the Harmandir Saheb where rare photographs pertaining to the history of the Sikhs are housed. Some war materials, covered in glass panes, are also housed here. Its library is a repository of a rich collection of books and manuscripts related to the history of the Sikhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070540", "title": "Thanks to Mamata, Kolkata will get a 'welcome' sign", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee has a knack of taking decisions on the spot. On Tuesday, she took one on the go - to build a welcome gate outside the airport.Driving through VIP Road on her way to the airport on Tuesday afternoon to catch a flight to Delhi, the chief minister instantly decided that there should be a 'Welcome' signboard just outside the airport to greet people entering in the city.Not one to wait, she called up public words department (PWD) secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan and asked him to install a large 'Welcome-to-Kolkata' signboard at the spot where the road from the airport hits VIP Road.After receiving the call from the CM, Bardhan swung into action and gave instructions to senior PWD officials and engineers to come out with a plan immediately.Sources say that the officials concurred on the words - 'Welcome to Kolkata, the city of joy'. Thanks to the gateway, the city can be assured of a clean-up of VIP Road, or at least the area around the sign.People headed for the airport or into the city have to pass through mounds of garbage that lie rotting on the roadside. The worst stretches are near Kaikhali. Along with it comes the smell that assaults you as soon as you hit VIP Road. Promises have often been made to clean up the garbage but very little has changed.The PWD had in fact planned to install such a signboard at the place for quite some time. The authorities had earlier identified all the illegal billboards on VIP Road and had pulled down many of them as part of the beautification programme. The plan was to put up a large illuminated 'welcome' board for everybody to see.You can see a 'Welcome to Kazi Nazrul Islam Sarani' sign on entering VIP Road from Ultadanga but there are no such boards at the airport-end. And certainly none that says 'Welcome to Kolkata'.Such a symbol would be significant when the state is laying out the red carpet for investors.The PWD is also working on a plan to turn VIP Road into a green corridor. The plan is to beautify the 10-km stretch from Ultadanga till the Kolkata airport and plant more trees.Officials said that the PWD was earlier losing a huge amount of revenue due to unauthorized billboards. It was also found that many of the advertising agencies had not renewed their license and operate without permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071772", "title": "Lucknow University seeks list of courses to clear ambiguity", "text": "LUCKNOW: For the University Grants Commission, MPA stands for Masters in Performing Arts. However, in Lucknow University, the same abbreviation means Masters in Public Administration. As per the UGC, course is MA (Public Administration). This is just one of the ambiguities, which exists in terms of nomenclature of between the Lucknow University and UGC.Barring courses that have failed to attract students in the past, Lucknow University will continue to run even those courses, which do not match with the nomenclature of the University Grants Commission. Reason: These courses are relevant and are drawing good number of students.In this regard, the officials of the admission committee had identified around 75 courses spread across 24 departments that do not figure in the list of UGC recognized courses. Out of this, nearly 48 courses, majority of proficiency and diploma courses have fallen short of students in the past years. Officials believe that there are few post-graduate courses, which are also unrecognised by the UGC. \"We have many courses like this. We need to change its name as per the UGC's nomenclature. And for this, we have asked the respective head of departments to provide a list of such courses,\" said an official.University teachers say that there are some diploma and proficiency courses that are pulling students. For instance proficiency in German and French is running good. But proficiency in languages like Baangla, Marathi, Punjabi, Persian and Tamil are losing its sheen. While these languages proficiencies virtually have no students, there is also no faculty to take care of it. University will have to cut down on courses running with a same name under different departments.For example: Human Resource Management is being run under three different departments - psychology, social work and public administration.A senior university professor recalled, \"At one time, getting through a language is compulsory for submission of PhD thesis. Hence, the proficiency courses are very popular. The European language courses might not have approval from UGC, but the courses are relevant and are demanding. These courses are running for more than five decades.\"Agreeing that there is a need to close some courses, member, admission committee, Prof Yashvir Tyagi said, \"The courses that have to be run must be justified on academic grounds. Closing courses that are falling short on students is fine, but others which are in demand should see changes as per UGC. And, they should not be stopped.\" University professors are of the view that the department that owns diploma and proficiency courses should ensure core competency, and the job prospects in the courses. Not only on the academic front, but the university cannot afford to suspend many diploma and post-graduate courses, as they generate good revenue for the financially poor LU.To note, UGC had asked the universities to scrap the courses that are not included in the list of courses recommended by it. Governor BL Joshi, in this regard, had shot a letter to the universities in March. Having failed to do so, the governor had given an ultimatum to the university to send the list by June 15.Taking strict note, LU vice-chancellor, Prof MK Mishra met the heads of all departments on Monday. Prof Mishra instructed the professors to provide a list of courses that are not in accordance with the UGC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14072418", "title": "Proposal for 5 new fire stations in twin cities sent to government", "text": "NOIDA: Spurt of fires in the district has prompted the administration to send a proposal to the state government for creating five new fire stations in the district - three in Noida and two in Greater Noida. Additionally, the district administration has also sent a proposal to update the existing equipment of the fire department.The proposal to create new, state-of-the-art fire stations has been taken by the administration to update the existing fire safety in the city. \"Currently, in comparison with the population in the district, there are an insufficient number of fire stations,\" admitted an official.Officials said that they plan to open new fire stations in Sectors 39, 67 and 125 in Noida and Surajpur Industrial Area and Dadri in Greater Noida.In 2011 alone, there were 823 fires which led to losses amounting more than Rs 58 crore. Fire officials explained that a main reason for this was lack of adherence to fire safety norms during the construction of houses. Moreover, the fire department in Noida has been ill-equipped for handling fires in the rapidly developing district.With high-rise buildings in group housing societies and commercial areas on the rise, literally, the fire department seems ill-prepared to handle emergencies, with only one hydraulic platform reaching a height of 30 metres. Keeping this in mind, the district administration has requested for two hydraulic machines that can reach up to 60 metres. \"We have also requested for chemical tenders and other essential and modern equipment for better fire safety in the district,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14073921", "title": "Killed man failed to spot train", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old man died after being hit by a moving train. He was trying to cross the tracks illegally with his daughter. The deceased, Rajesh Thakur, was a barber who belonged to Madhubani district in Bihar. His daughter, Pooja, has been admitted to Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital.\"It seems that Thakur failed to spot the speeding train that was headed towards Karnal in Haryana from Delhi as another train had just crossed the tracks from the opposite side. Though both victims were rushed to the hospital, Thakur was declared dead on arrival,\" said a railway officer. Thakur lived with his wife Rinku Devi and three daughters - Rani (5), Kusum (3) and Pooja. He was the family's sole breadwinner. The incident is being probed by the railway police.A senior railway officer said that the number of accidents at tracks would come down if people paid heed to basic safety measures.However, locals said there were inadequate overbridges in the area which forced them to cross tracks dangerously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14085710", "title": "NRI bank clerk jailed for fraud in UK", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin clerk, who worked for a UK branch of ICICI and stole 80,000 pounds from customers to pay his rent and furnish his house, has been jailed for a year.Harprit Shari, 27, was working in ICICI's Coventry branch when the illegal transfers of money occurred.He used his access to sensitive computer systems to transfer huge sums after falling behind with his household bills, the Old Bailey was told on Friday.Shari also cheated an elderly woman of 5,000 pounds after realising she had the same name as his wife.The fraud took place in January and February, 2011. Shari had earlier admitted three counts of fraud by abuse of position.Court recorder Nigel Peters told Shari that he had committed the scam \"openly and wilfully\", and added: \"You were put into a position of trust by the bank and you abused it\".The courts rightfully have to take a serious view in respect of anyone who commits offences of this kind, \"for otherwise there would be no deterrent to people in your position\".The bank's counter-fraud department began investigating on February 7 last year after being told that one of its customers, a Birmingham-based student, had received a suspicious 50,000 pounds deposit from an ICICI account.It later transpired the transfer had been authorised by Shari, and further transactions were blocked after the original account-holder said she had not tried to move any money.Investigators then uncovered another dodgy transaction he had carried out just six days earlier, in which 25,000 pounds were moved from an ICICI account to NatWest bank.By this time, the money had already been transferred to HBOS accounts in his own name.On the day the anti-fraud inquiry began, Shari met with 70-year-old Baljit Kaur, who wanted to deposit a cheque for 5,000 pounds in an account she had just opened.Instead, he paid the money to his wife of the same name. Mukhtiar Ubhi, defending lawyer, said: \"He has urged me to reinforce to the court that he will never commit any type of offence again\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074886", "title": "Activists slam Maharashtra govt for nod to new hill station in Pune", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposal to develope a hill station in Mulshi taluka of Pune district has drawn the ire of environmentalists, all the more because a recent independent committee on the Western Ghats marked this area as \"ecologically sensitive zone 1\" or an area of \"highest\" ecological sensitivity.Madhav Gadgil, who headed the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP), told TOI that Mulshi would fall under the forest areas of Paud and Wadgaon. The panel's report recommends that there should be \"no special economic zones and no new hill stations\" in ESZ 1. The Union ministry of environment and forests is yet to take a final decision on the report.\"We are not suggesting that the report is final, but believe that grassroots and local communities should be involved and their opinions taken into consideration before the state government or the Centre takes any decision on a new hill station here,\" said Gadgil.Other environmentalists were more vocal in their opposition. \"Other hill stations in the area were meant to take the load off places such as Matheran and Mahabaleshwar, but became gated communities instead,\" said environmentalist Debi Goenka, adding that one more hill station in the area would completely cut off the northern and southern parts of the ghats. \"This is undesirable from an environmental point of view.\"Environmentalist Sumaira Abdulali, too, pointed out that experience had shown that such hill stations did not really help preserve the natural environment. \"The fact that recommendations of the WGEEP report were not taken into consideration before deliberating on such a project only goes to show that the state government is putting economic development before the environment and not giving enough importance to the opinion of experts,\" she said.Stalin D of voluntary organization Vanashakti said the state's consideration of another hill station in the area was \"totally uncalled for and absolutely not essential\".Suniti S R of the National Alliance of People's Movements (NAPM), who had been leading the protests against the Lavasa project, said her outfit would continue to oppose such \"hill cities\". She alleged that these only degraded the environment, displaced farmers and locals and were destructive in nature.(Inputs from Sandeep Ashar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073368", "title": "Auto drivers held for robbing bar patrons", "text": "MUMBAI: Two auto drivers, Omprakash and Rakesh Tiwari, and a woman, Kavita Pillai, have been arrested for robbing men walking out of bars along the highway at Kashimira in Mira Road.The woman Kavita Pillai, a resident of Naigaon was used as a bait to trap men as they left the bars in an inebriated state. Drivers Omprakash Tiwari (36), a resident of Naigaon and Rakesh Tiwari, residing in Poisar, Kandivli (west) has been arrested under sections 328 and 379 of the IPC.Omprakash and Rakesh waited outside bars on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway at Kashimira on the pretext of plying customers. After a customer hired the auto, they would get into a conversation. The auto driver would then boast of supplying girls to the victim.If the victim fell into their trap, they would telephone Pillai who would be waiting at a distance. The victim would be convinced to have a drink which would be spiked. They would then rob the victim of his cash, jewellery and belongings.If a customer refused to share a drink, Pillai would threaten to scream 'rape', forcing the victim to part with his cash and belongings. The victim would then be dropped at an isolated location on the highway.The Kashimira police formed a squad to nab the case after a victim approached the police on June 6. The victim, a resident of Vasai, had visited an orchestra bar at Kashimira.The auto driver offered to drop him to his home. After the victim got into the auto, the accused drivers along with Pillai looted cash and jewellery worth Rs 1.20 lakhs. He lodged a complaint with Kashimira police.Acting on a tip-off the police laid a trap near Millennium 2000 bar at Kashimira. The drivers fell into the police trap. They have been remanded to police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14076289", "title": "Ketan Parekh can go to UK", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A magisterial court hearing special CBI cases on Tuesday granted Ketan Parekh permission to visit the UK for two months on condition that he deposit Rs 15 lakh before leaving.Parekh is the main defaulter and accused in the multi-crore scam that ultimately led to the closure of the Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank Ltd (MMCB). Previously, the Supreme Court had permitted Parekh to leave the country on certain conditions. This time, the CBI and the bank authorities vehemently objected Parekh's request.The reason mentioned in Parekh's application is that he would like to visit the UK for the medical treatment of one of his daughters and a marriage ceremony of another daughter. The court granted permission on condition of depositing the money besides furnishing surety by two reputed guarantors. Parekh would also have to furnish all information about his trip to the CBI.Meanwhile, in connection with an application seeking cancellation of Parekh's bail, the probe agency sought time to submit its further reply. The court has adjourned the hearing till June 16 and has also pulled up the CBI for causing delay in filing its reply in connection with the revised application against discharge of two accused persons in this case \u2014 Dharmesh Doshi and Mukesh Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070555", "title": "IIT-Delhi alumni open to talks on CET row", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after HRD minister Kapil Sibal said that the government had no intention to impinge on IITs' autonomy, IIT Delhi Alumni Association said that while a legal recourse was an option, it would be willing to discuss the differences.IIT Delhi Alumni president Somnath Bharti said that it was deeply worried about Sibal's decision not to rollback. \"The new JEE will not only ruin IITs' autonomy but will also be detrimental to the interests of the students from rural India and the move, if properly analyzed, seems benefitting to no one but coaching institutes \u2014 a fact belying the claims of MHRD,'' he said.Bharti added that the alumni were willing to discuss issues but seeking legal recourse would remain an option.When asked about the controversy over the common entrance test for IITs, Sibal, who is Washington, said, \"Quite frankly this is not the minister's decisions. This is the unanimous decision of the IIT Council, consisted of all the IIT directors and chairmen. Then we have the triple IIT Council representatives there, we have NIT Council representatives there. All of them decided unanimously for a particular course of action,\" he said.\"In terms of the IIT Act, there is an IIT Council. In terms of that Act the Council is entitled to take certain decisions by virtue of a statue. The Council has endorsed those decisions. I do not know what the exact objections to it are? I will go back and find out the exact nature of these objections and will surely address it,\" he said.\"But one thing I want to make clear that there is no intent to impact on the IIT system's autonomy. That is quite clear. The academic autonomy of the IIT system has to be maintained and must be maintained. The exam that is being contemplated is going to be set by the IIT, not by the government, not by anybody else,\" he added.Meanwhile, All India IIT faculty federation secretary Prof A K Mittal on Tuesday said that IIT-Kanpur's decision had \"set the tone for other IITs that do not agree with the current HRD proposal of common entrance test.''Mittal said the faculty members had no personal agenda and that it was their responsibility to \"defend and protect the academic excellence and autonomy of these great institutions envisioned by Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru from any political interference...In opposing the HRD ministry's test, we are not trying to achieve elitist status but protect the sanctity of academic freedom granted to these institutions by an act of Parliament (Institutes of Technology Act, 1961) and ensure that only the best students get selected by a fair process,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14070379", "title": "Radar shutdown delays flights in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: As many as 10 afternoon flights in and out of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose airport were delayed by 15-20 minutes on Tuesday following the shutdown of radar for maintenance.Though the shutdown was planned and notices had been issued to carriers in advance, the delays were inevitable as separation or distance between aircraft was increased to ensure safety.From 1.30pm to 3pm, operations were conducted by voice through VHF transmitter. The radar service resumed thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14071261", "title": "Officer\u2019s leave delays corporation's punching-card project", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The punching-card system for Kudumbasree workers, engaged in door-to-door waste collection, is delayed after the corporation cited the absence of a health officer as the reason for not implementing the project. The corporation's health officer is on leave for an year.\"Only the health officer, who is on a year-long leave received training on how to implement the project. I have not received any training,\" said the new corporation health supervisor, Madhavan . \"We have requested the company to impart training on how the system works so that we can implement the scheme at the earliest,\" he said. Health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni said that she is unaware of this project.Bengaluru-based MAXrad software India Pvt Ltd, entrusted with the implementation of the project, has already fixed radio frequency identification device (RFID) tags at select houses in ten wards of the corporation. The engineering section, monitoring the work, has trained 60 Kudumbasree workers and health staff on how to use this new system.The fixed tag has a small chip that stores information like name of the house owner, ward number and amount of waste generated at the house. Kudumbasree workers will be given RFID card reader and a SIM to activate global position remote sensing. Information such as name of Kudumbasree worker, time and date of waste collected will be recorded automatically when the worker swipes the card reader in the fixed RFID tag after collecting waste. The same data will be automatically transferred to a computer attached to the health officer. The health officer would be able to monitor the waste collection from his office.The Rs6.3 lakh project was envisaged under the service bench marking (SLB) initiative of the ministry of urban development as part of its information system improvement programme. The civic body was to implement the project on a pilot basis in 5,000 houses in the ten wards of Chakorathukulam, Malaparamba, Thiruthiyad, Puthiyangadi, West Hill, Kottuli North, Payyanakkal, Thiruvannur, Kallai and Pottammal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14083874", "title": "Freida doffs her hat to Kareena", "text": "She is Michael Winterbottom's Trishna - a girl who hacks away at wheat fields, scrubs the floor on her hands and knees and balances trays on her wrist. Though Freida Pinto onscreen may be unable to make her own choices, in real life, the actress is quite the opposite.The free-spirited actress in a recent interview with a magazine, referred to Kareena Kapoor's remuneration in Heroine and said, \"This year, we've experienced a shift in humanity. In India, there has been a large disparity in how much a female and a male actor gets paid. But this year, one actress changed all that.\"Anurag Kashyap for a Hindi script expressing her willingness to work in a full fledged Bollywood project, however isn't too happy with the way the media back home is fixated on how far she has strayed from her country. \"When I was promoting this big budget film, the Indian media reported that I was being a diva, and that's the reason I didn't want to come to India to promote the film,\" the actress told the magazine.Interestingly, when a security guard confused Freida for an American actress and wondered whether she was the one in Fast and Furious 5 , instead of getting angry, she simply smiled and quipped, \"That security guard is so colour blind. I love him. I wish he was every casting agent in town.\" She refused to accept that 'the Indian woman' is all she had to play.The magazine called Freida 'Museum quality beauty' and termed her interview as 'The elegant resistance', as the fiercely independent actress revealed that it was her catholic upbringing that taught her some sneaky ways to rebel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14070030", "title": "World Bank raises funds for Gujarat roads to $550 million", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a major boost for Gujarat's roads, the World Bank (WB) has agreed to a state government request to revise upwards its proposal to fund Gujarat State Highways Project (GSHP-II) from $350 million to $550 million. A WB note, made available here, says \"improvement of about 1,100 km (650 km widening and 450 km strengthening) would be accommodated within this amount.\"The Gujarat government had earlier asked for the amount to be raised to $600 million. It applied for GSHP-II loan in 2009 after successfully executing the $550 million GSHP-I project between 2001 and 2007. WB had characterized the GSHP-I project as \"highly satisfactory\" and \"exemplary\" for other states to follow. A senior official said the government expected to get the WB funding in early 2013. About 20 per cent of the amount would be used for roads in tribal areas.Now, solar panels along Gujarat highway project? The World Bank (WB) has said that \"good potential\" exists to introduce a set of green measures, more particularly by introducing solar photovoltaic (PV) panels, along selected locations of the 1,100 to 1,500 km road stretch proposed under the 550 million dollar Gujarat State Highway Project (GSHP)-II, which is in the final stages of the top bank's clearance.A WB note, prepared on the basis of the WB mission's visit to Gujarat in May this year, said, \"Among the many green measures, the use of solar panels to generate renewable power along the linear road network emerged as having significant potential and needed to be demonstrated as a pilot.\"Calling it a \"Green Highway (GH)\" measure it may be interesting in funding, the note said, \"The mission visited Gondal-Atkot to explore its appropriateness. Following deliberations, it was agreed that a selected section of Mehsana-Himmatnagar would be suitable as a pilot.\"The mission, led by Arnab Bandyopadhyay, discussed installing solar PV panels with officials of the state roads and buildings department , Gujarat Energy Development Agency (GEDA) and Gujarat Energy Research &amp; Management Institute (GERMI), and identified, in all, seven \"possible locations\" where panels could be put.The note said, \"It was gathered that a similar initiative was being done as a pilot along a 1 km stretch of the Narmada canal. Back-of-the-envelope calculations revealed that about 15 KW or about 70KWh/ units per day per km of the road corridor could be generated from installations along the median in a typical four-lane road.\"The note further said, \"The power so generated could be gainfully used at the intersections and along habitations for street lighting. This would consume about 20-30 per cent of the power generated and the rest could be fed back into the grid. This would result in making road corridors as renewable power producers. Apart from the medians, it is also possible to consider installations in public buildings alongside the road corridor.\"Saying that the solar PV suppliers are \"accustomed to choosing their locations and making their own investments (aided at times with capital subsidy)\", the note underlined the importance, in this context, of the Gujarat government's \"power purchase agreements for the sale of renewable power to the electricity boards at a preferential rate\".Apart from solar PV installations, other GH initiatives discussed included use of construction technologies which emit fewer greenhouse gases, use of warm mix technologies, recycling the existing pavements, use of alternative materials like fly ash , storm water harvesting, roadside tree plantation and creating green tunnels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14073442", "title": "Western Railway stations to host anti-plastic campaign", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway has planned an awareness campaign against the use of plastic at some stations on June 18. It also organized a drive at Churchgate, Bandra and Andheri stations along with volunteers, Scouts &amp; Guides, RPF and ticket checking staffon June 12, 13 for the cause. Students from schools and colleges displayed banners and placards showing the hazards and evils of the use of plastic in public premises.They also educated the passengers on this issue so as to discourage the use of plastic by them at stations and in trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14075650", "title": "Raj Thackeray declares war on toll nakas", "text": "THANE: MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday said his party would soon launch an all-out offensive against toll collection centres as there is a \"complete lack of transparency\" in the funds recovered so far and the daily vehicle turnout at these posts.\"These toll nakas have turned into daylight robbing centres.There is zero transparency about the funds recovered from toll collections so far,\" Thackeray said while addressing a meeting of party workers here.Thackeray said in many instances the state has recovered the costs involved in building bridges or roads but still the contract has been awarded to collect toll money from users.He cited the case of a private firm, Mumbai Entry Points Ltd, which was awarded a contract by the state government in 2010 for collection of toll at five entry points \u2014Vashi, Airoli, Mulund LBS Marg, Mulund eastern express highway and at Dahisar. The company paid the state Rs 2,110 crore in return for the contract to collect toll at these entry points till 2027.The MEPL is tasked with the maintainence and upkeep of 26 flyovers spread across Raigad, Navi Mumbai, Thane and Mumbai in return for the toll collected at Mumbai's entry points.Records reveal that since April 1999 up to September 2011, the total amount recovered from toll at these five posts was Rs 2,387 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14087061", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation prepares budget to extend building", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Chandigarh Municipal Corporation has finally prepared the budget of around rupees 19 crores to extend the MC building. As the building has two floors presently which will be extended upto six floors and four more floors would be added into it.The matter of extension of MC building will be coming up in the monthly house meeting of the civic body on Tuesday for the detailed discussion and approval of the members.Vishal Gupta, executive engineer of the MC after confirming the development said, \"We have prepared the entire financial details regarding the extension of the building and the same would go to the house for the approval. After the approval, the construction work will be started\",The matter concerning the extension of MC building is pending from last five years and the issue expedited after the transfer of two prominent departments -primary health and primary education- to the MC from Chandigarh administration, as the present premises don't have much space for the employees and officials of the newly transferred wings.Sources in the MC said that if house approves the amount in the monthly house meeting of June, then they would be able to initiate the construction work with the period of two months after completing tender process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14082984", "title": "Groom in the making - Ram Charan", "text": "For the event, the Mega Star's house is being decorated in traditional style. \"White and red is the colour theme,\" reveals Ch Sumalatha, who is doing the flower decor for the ceremony.Jasmines from Madurai, lilies from Coimbatore and carnations from Calcutta are being flown in.A big flower umbrella, we learn, will occupy centrestage on the dais. The groom will be seated under the umbrella for the ceremony. Even the lunch is going to be traditional Andhra fare that will be served onplantain leaves.For the past one week, Chiranjeevi's residence was a cynosure of all eyes as his place sported a new look each day for the various pre-wedding ceremonies. One of the parties even had Bollywood star Salman Khan in attendance.Yesterday, the house was decorated for the mehndi ceremony in Rajasthani style. Orange, pink and green was the theme for the Mehendi event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14069801", "title": "50% Hand pumps in Dharwad district go defunct", "text": "DHARWAD: Lack of coordination among the officials in the zilla panchayat engineering section and Hescom has resulted in nearly 50 per cent of the borewells drilled in Dharwad district going defunct. Thus the money spent for drilling borewells has gone down the drain. The borewells were meant to help solve the problem of drinking water in rural areas of the district which is reeling under drought.The matter came up for discussion at the meeting to review the progress of works under Karnataka Development Programmes (KDP) held here. As admitted by the officers of ZP engineering section as many as 2,834 borewells have been drilled in the district and of them 1,301 have been rendered useless.The officers cited failure of Hescom in energizing these borewells as the reason for them going defunct. The officials also failed to give convincing explanation as to why they did not ensure that the borewells were protected. This irked ZP president Adiveppa Manami and who took the officials to task and instructed them to coordinate with Hescom and solve the problem post-haste.ZP CEO P A Meghannavar stated that the officials of both the departments have to shun their differences and make a collective effort to supply water to the villagers. The officers informed that an action plan of Rs 66 crore has been prepared for effective supply of water.Besides, 256 minor works worth Rs 2.53 crore under task force have been launched out of which 186 works have been completed. Coming down heavily on the zilla panchayat officials for their lackadaisical attitude Manami directed the officials to consult the elected representatives and take them into confidence before preparing the action plan.Sowing operations Agriculture department joint director Ganesh Naik informed that monsoon has not entered completely in the district, hence the sowing operations were yet to gain momentum. Farmers have been asked to go for small term crops. There is adequate quantity of seeds and fertilizers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074321", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan raps Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority for delay in Metro work", "text": "MUMBAI: The delay in Metro work got a rap from chief minister on Tuesday. The city's first Metro line is running a year behind schedule, said CM Prithviraj Chavan, urging that the work be speeded up. He also indicated that he was displeased with the way the Ghatkopar Metro station had been built.Chavan, who had gone on a personal inspection of the major infrastructure projects being built by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) with senior government and police officials, said work on the Metro should be undertaken on a war-footing as the line would be opened to the public in March 2013, a year behind schedule. He also said that the Ghatkopar Metro station had been built in a very cramped area.Speaking to the media after the inspection, Chavan said he would take up the Metro construction issue in a meeting with the management. However, he said that the Monorail project from Chembur to Wadala should be ready by December-January while the Eastern Freeway and the Anik Panjrapole Link Road will also be ready by December.Replying to questions about the way in which the government was handling the construction of infrastructure projects with delays and spiralling construction costs, the CM said in spite of detailed planning, \"delays take place'' and that \"no project report can anticipate all problems\".Chavan said he was hopeful of getting five of the large projects declared as national projects so as to enhance funding from the Centre. These are the multimodal corridor from Virar to Alibaug, the ring road around Mumbai City, the trans-harbour link , the Middle Vaitarna project and Navi Mumbai airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14071966", "title": "PWD minister orders probe into anomalies during BSP regime", "text": "LUCKNOW: PWD minister Shivpal Yadav on Tuesday landed a punch at his predecessor, Naseemuddin Siddiqui by announcing to hold an inquiry into the large-scale irregularities committed under him and take stringent action against those found guilty of corruption and embezzling funds meant for construction of roads and bridges. Yadav stated this on the floor of the assembly, while presenting the departmental grants of around Rs 7,000 crore for 2012-13 for the consideration of the House. Yadav's assertion has come in line with the action taken by him on Monday to suspend 16 Nirman Nigam officials (including four of the rank of general manager) and recommend departmental proceedings against them.Mincing no words in denouncing Siddiqui, the PWD minister said that his predecessor ran the department as his fiefdom and made it the address of corruption. \"Dishonesty and bribery became a fact of life in the department, where the contractor-engineers nexus ruled the roost. And surprisingly, everything was allowed to happen under the political patronage,\" the minister said.\"Road fund was diverted to construct parks, work estimates were increased from 150% to 200% for embezzling development fund and payments were done without getting the work done in the previous regime,\" the minister said, adding that nobody responsible for this would be allowed to go scot free and the guilty would be sent to the jail after the inquiry. The result of this is for everyone to see and this is best reflected by the conditions of the roads, which are in bad shape today in the state, the minister said.Notably, the minister's reply came in support of the allegations levelled by Vivek Singh of Congress, who had earlier described Siddiqui as a bad patch on the glorious history of Banda, which is the hometown of both Singh and Siddiqui. Associated with the Lord Ram, Singh said, \"Banda, which has a glorious history of providing sustenance to great saints/poets like Maharshi Balmiki, Tulsidas, Soordas and a host of others, is now linked with persons like Naseemuddin Siddiqui and many others akin to him.\"The Congress MLA said that Siddiqui did not even hesitate to rob his own hometown. The proof of this was the bridge, which got collapsed within 40 days of its construction in Banda. \"All this was because the building material used in the bridge was of sub-standard quality and no technical parameters were followed in its construction,\" Vivek Singh said. What was most disturbing, he said was that no inquiry was held into the incident and the guilty were not punished. \"This was due to the patronage of Siddiqui to the contractors and engineers,\" Singh said, while demanding action against Siddiqui.Conceding his demand, the PWD minister assured the House that inquiry would be held into the matter and action would be taken against the offenders. Assuring the members of working to improve the road and bridge network in the state, the minister said that the government is committed to serve the state with quality roads, which would be better than the neighbouring states. In spite of the fact that the previous government had surrendered Rs 1,263 crore, the minister said that the budget of the PWD had not been allowed to be slashed. The budget could have been increased further, if the previous government had not committed the folly of not using the available fund.As for linking villages, the minister said that the government had proposed to connect all majras with a population of 250 by roads in the next five years and provide road links to all 696 unserved villages under the Prime Minister Grameen Sarak Yojna within this year. With regard to the demand raised by MLAs to give them discretion of sanctioning at least 7 kilometres of roads within their constituencies, the minister said that the matter would be studied and any decision on this would be taken on the basis of the availability of resources. Seeking their cooperation in ensuring the quality construction of the roads, the minister said that he would appeal them to keep a strict vigilance on the road construction and bring the matter of corruption and irregularities to his notice immediately.The cut motion moved by T Ram of BSP was rejected with the House later passing the grants with a voice vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14070393", "title": "Nepal, Bangladesh more peaceful than India: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Global Peace Index (GPI) for 158 countries, released on Tuesday, claimed that the world was more peaceful in 2011 as powerful nations had austerity-driven defence cuts. However, India's rank slipped to 142 as compared to 137 last year, while Pakistan ranked 149.The study, conducted by Australia and US-based Institute for Economics and Peace (IEP), said that some of the Saarc nations like Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh are more peaceful than India. Sri Lanka has moved up 27 positions \u2014 the emerald island's best show in GPI so far.The survey founder Steve Killelea, an Australian entrepreneur who had created the initial index six years ago, said that in the past 12 months India's relation with its neighbours has improved. \"We expect this to continue for betterment of the entire region,\" he added.The survey studied 23 indicators across 158 countries, ranging from measures of civil unrest and crime to military spending, involvement in armed conflict and ties with neighbours. The report claims that except the deterioration in West Asia, every other region in the world showed at least some form of improvement.The GPI showed that for the first time, sub-Saharan Africa was no longer the world's least peaceful region, losing that dubious distinction to West Asia and North Africa in the aftermath of the \"Arab Spring\".The Asia-Pacific region is the fourth most peaceful region in the world as its overall GPI score improved remarkably from last year. Bhutan experienced a robust gain in its GPI score and broke into top 20 for the first time, ranking 19th , thanks to the easing of the ethic-Nepali refugee crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14085749", "title": "Ram Charan Teja's starry sangeet ceremony", "text": "Though Katrina Kaif was not there for Ramcharan Teja's sangeet ceremony her Chikni chameli item number was ubiquitous.The Sangeet ceremony which started at 8 pm went on till 4 am.It was a resounding success with the who's who of the Telugu film industry trooping in..Says a VIP invitee, \"There were around 800 guests.From Mumbai there was Ramcharan's Zanjeer director Apoorva Lakhia and producers, Shabina Khan who used to design Rancharan's clothes earlier ,and some others.The arrangement was awesome. Three banquet halls were decorated like film sets. One of them was entirely devoted to food items. There was Hyerabadi, Americam , Chinese and Italian cuisine. And a whole section of the menu was devoted to desserts. That section was called 'Moulin Rouge.'All of Ramcharan's colleagues were there. Rana Daggubatti and Allu Arvind hosted the Sangeet ceremony and also danced to Telugu hits. At least four of Rancharan's top Telugu heroines danced to Katrina's Chikni chameli.\"The highlight of the evening was Ramcharan and Upasana dancing to Tujhe dekha to yeh jaana sanam from Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge.Say the invitee, \"Ram did a perfect impersonation of Shah Rukh Khan's movements including famous hands-in-the-air signature step. Wonder what his Bollywood godfather Salman would have said to that if he were around!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14072353", "title": "D-Park: A saga of apathy by Noida Authority", "text": "NOIDA: Nearly five years after its inception and launch two years ago, the Noida Authority has finally woken up from its slumber to the risk of losing one of the city's largest parks. The Authority has kick-started the process of reviving the D-Park in Sector 62 and promised to complete it within the next fortnight. Till now the unique green haven, which houses a 1,500 sqm, artificial lake had continued to remain non-functional and was slowly falling to neglect and decay.Residents have been trying to get the Authority to maintain the park and start use of the artificial lake, but to no avail. \"If the Authority cannot manage it, they should hand it over to a private player who can sponsor the development and maintenance of the park in exchange for advertising space,\" said Parvati Sharma, a resident.Littered with plastic and other refuse, moss-covered and encroached on all sides, the only artificial lake in Noida is a perfect example of poor management and sheer apathy. But if Authority officials are to be believed, all this is about to change. When contacted, director (horticulture), B Prabhakar, said that funds had been sanctioned for repairs and maintenance of the park. \"The plan is to complete the cleaning and minor repairing of the lake area and then fill it up with water. We will also fence the lake to make the area safe and secure,\" said Prabhakar.Estimated to have cost Rs 7.5 crores, the D-Park was launched with much fanfare and was to boast many firsts, but today it lacks basic maintenance and cleanliness. Proclaimed to be a unique place for leisure, where one could gather, relax, play, and experience a bit of nature, besides enjoy the artificially created lake for paddle boating, the park sprawling across 19 acres currently just houses a large grassy expanse. \"The initial plan was to make boating available to visitors with four paddle boats. But since no consensus on fees to be charged to visitors was reached, this facility is yet to be opened to the public,\" Prabhakar said.The park is also still awaiting completion of the butterfly dome that is modelled on the lines of the one located in Singapore . It is touted to be the biggest butterfly conservatory of its kind in North India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14071286", "title": "Developing world holds key to keep Rio principles alive", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh slated to attend the Rio summit on sustainable development, the government has prepared the grounds to help 'friendly' Brazil but not accept the adverse conditions that Europe is keen to impose at the event, which culminates with the meeting of heads of state from June 20 to 22.Sources in the Indian team warned that while Brazil would be looking for a 'successful' and substantial results from the high-profile meeting, there is a risk of the existing Rio principles being junked unless the developing world sticks together as it has done so far.\"The fundamental principles for all international environmental negotiations were set up under the Rio Declaration 20 years ago. The balanced terms, which have become the basis for talks like on climate change, had all come out of these Rio principles. Now, the developed countries want to discard those principles and completely take away the very framework of environmental negotiations,\" an Indian negotiator for the Rio summit told TOI.The pitched battles for a final declaration by the negotiators from more than 180 countries have been on through the year, and are reaching a crescendo as the summit dates draw closer. Wide disagreements largely remain over two issues - thematic areas and sustainable development goals (SDGs).The developed countries, India believes, are putting the horse before the cart since they are pushing for an elaborate list of environmental concerns where nations need to take time-bound actions against fixed targets. This concern is being highlighted even as they want to remove the differential between rich and developing countries. The G77 and China have stuck together to demand that the large principles of how SDGs will function be agreed to before the world negotiates over areas for action.This would ensure that the responsibility to meet the global targets is distributed, based on respective capabilities of the countries and not by playing blind to their socio-economic needs.Observers say a large consensus is emerging that the SDGs might be agreed to in principle and the details worked out over the next three years. However, in such diplomatic negotiations countries often tend to hold the cards close to their chest till the end.\"It's instructive how the developed world is pushing for a rewrite of the climate convention as well as the Rio principles by 2015. It suggests that they want an overhaul of all existing international environmental regulations. One must not be fooled that the developed world is looking at this as economic instruments to be moulded to their best interests,\" a negotiator told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071868", "title": "Academicians lament falling standards of engineering education in Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: It's the same old story since last many years - the falling standards of education in Nagpur University, especially of the professional courses. This year's BE first year engineering results again turned out to be dismal at 37.22%. For many years, ever since the number of colleges mushroomed, the results were more or less the same as per Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane.About 21,865 candidates appeared for the BE exam from 55 engineering colleges (Three are autonomous - Ramdeobaba, YCCE and GH Raisoni) under NU, of which 8,138 managed to clear it. 2,926 girls cleared it with 42.24 passing percentage while 5,212 boys passed with success rate of 34.88%. Among all students, the success rate of ex-students is even dismal at 31.68% as compared to 40.80% of regular ones.Nuva College of Engineering topped the list with 77.56% followed by Tulsiramji Gaikwad-Patil with 77.56% and National Power Training Institute (NPTI) at 76.19%. Among those who fared badly included - Central India College of Engineering at Lonara at 4.65% followed by Suryodaya College of Engineering at Vihigaon at 8.39% and Wardha-based Om College of Engineering at 8.51%. Even Government College of Engineering, Chandrapur, fared badly with 45.10% passing percentage and didn't figure among top ten in the NU list.The CoE attributed the poor results to degrading quality of education imparted to the students in the colleges nowadays. \"The trend has been going on for many years,\" he said while denying that introduction of semester pattern in first year from this academic session would further reduce the success rate.Engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar, however, blamed low eligibility criteria for the dismal performance. \"Though there is slight increase in this year's results, those are still labelled as poor. If students getting 45% are getting admission to engineering courses, such results are no surprise,\" he said.He added that though number of seats was on the rise, quality has been the biggest casualty. \"Severe shortage of good lecturers and principals is adding to the woes of the students,\" he said.Endorsing him, Nuva College vice principal BS Bhowmick said they paid personal attention to individual students and had targeted for 100% results. \"Every lecturer has been given charge of 15 students to groom them personally and academically. We've a year-long planning and students mentoring programmes throughout the year that helps in getting good results,\" he said.Tulsiramji Gaikwad-Patil College director Mohan Gaikwad said that low eligibility criteria was of course one of the factors, but certainly not an excuse. \"We worked hard on every student just like nursery teachers do it on kids. We introduced innovative teaching methods and also emphasized on revision to get these results,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071434", "title": "Lack of skilled workers hits realty sector in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: Acute shortage of skilled labourers has been taking its toll on the realty sector in Kerala already hit by the sharp increase in the price of various raw materials. Builders are hence finding it difficulty to complete projects on time.The shortage, caused by inadequate supply against demand of skilled labourers including masons and carpenters, has resulted in projects getting delayed, according to people in the construction industry.\"Migrant labourers being recruited from northern states like West Bengal, Bihar and Orissa are unskilled workers. Their productivity and skill level are much lower than those available locally, said A C Joseph, director, AC City Builders and Developers, a construction company based in Kochi.In order to meet their requirements companies are now training migrant workers on skilled jobs, he added.Construction companies have been incurring heavy financial losses on account of their projects being delayed, as price of raw materials, carrying costs and other costs keep increasing.Ironically, as wages keep increasing, labour shortage becomes more acute as skilled workers who earn wages of up to Rs 750 a day, refuse to work throughout the week.\"Skilled labourers in the state are presently earning, on an average Rs 15,000 to Rs 25,000 a month. But there isn't much change in their lifestyle. Since they can now earn what they were earning in a week earlier by working just two or three days, many are reluctant to toil throughout the week, said M V Antony, president, Kochi Chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India.The severe shortage in supply of skilled labourers has also contributed to an unhealthy competition among builders for securing the service of skilled workers employed by a rival firm by paying more. People in the realty sector cited this as one of the main reasons for daily remunerations of skilled workers going up unchecked.Some of the builders said they were planning to take up the issue with the association and enter into an agreement among themselves on not poaching workers from rival companies.However, M V Antony said that it might not be possible for builders to enter into such a no-poaching agreement as skilled labourers were not permanent employees of any company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075897", "title": "Is land mafia eyeing prime property?", "text": "BANGALORE: Is there more to the Nityananda saga than allegations of moral impropriety ? Speculation is rife that the 23 acres of land which the ashram occupies might be a significant factor in the unfolding drama. Bidadi, just 35km from Bangalore, is an emerging industrial hub. Land prices have shown sharp appreciation in the area over the last five years. Realty sources said they have appreciated over 500% in the last few years and today quote between Rs 50 lakh and Rs 1 crore per acre.Given that a four-lane Bangalore-Mysore Road scythes through the area, the price of this parcel of land is expected to rise in future. Housing plots there are traded for anywhere between Rs 800 and Rs 1000 per sqft, villagers said.With an automobile major already based in Bidadi and another automotive and industrial technology giant slated to shift its Bangalore operations to the area, expectations are high in the realty market about its future prospects.TIMING PUZZLES MANYNityananda made headlines after a private TV channel aired scenes of him allegedly having a romp with an actress. After a brief spell in jail, he got bail and his cases entered the labyrinthine stage of adjudication. Though the controversial godman hasn't exactly been subdued since, the timing of the fresh controversy has puzzled villagers.\"This is purely an issue connected with the land mafia, which wants to usurp prime property in an area seeing a spurt in industrial activity. Biscuit factories, an amusement park, a film city and world-class golf course have come up here. Several big industrial houses are keen on investing in the area,\" Banandur Chandrappa, a resident of Bidadi told TOI. \"We have no issues with the ashram or ashramites. The land lies next to the four-lane Bangalore-M ysore highway. There is good rail and road connectivity. Naturally, those in real estate business will be happy to get large tracts of land owned by the ahsram,\" said BG Channappa, another villager.\"Bidadi may look like any other village, but it is a self-contained area and people prefer to settle here,\" resident N Ramesh summed up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071912", "title": "New stop for Kerala Express", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala Express train plying between New Delhi and Thiruvananthapuram will stop at Ottappalam on experimental basis from June 15 to December 31.Train 12625 Thiruvanathapuram-New Delhi Kerala Express will reach Otttapalam station at 6.09pm and will leave at 6.10pm, during this period. On return, train 12626 New Delhi-Thiruvananthapuram Kerala Express will reach Ottapalam at 6. 54am and leave at 6.55am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14076806", "title": "Jailbirds to nurture their namesakes", "text": "CHENNAI: Nalini, 'Mattu' Ravi and Dr Prakash could soon be the names of neem trees or coconut palms in Tamil Nadu prisons. The prisons department has decided to assign the names of a convict to each plant in jails across the state to make the prisoner responsible for caring for the plant till it grows into a tree.The novel idea, according to ADGP (prisons) S K Dogra, is an attempt to make a prisoner feel that a plant belongs to him. \"Prisoners will then take good care of plants and water them regularly,\" he said. \"We are going to plant a lot of trees.\"The prisons department has procured many hybrid varieties of fruit trees like guava, mango , sapota and lemon from private nurseries and jail farms. \"The saplings will be planted inside the campuses of the nine major prisons and 134 sub-jails in the state,\" Dogra said. \"There are nearly 7,000 convicts in the state, so we can expect them to nurture around the same number of saplings.\"As part of the plan, the prison authorities will attach a tag with the prisoner's name to each plant. \"Some prisoners love gardening and take care of the trees like they would take care of their children,\" the ADGP said. \"The prisoners will be given enough time to take care of the plants.\"He said prisoners, especially those in depression , are likely to benefit from the activity.The programme was formally inaugurated with prisoners planting saplings at Central Prison, Madurai, on Sunday.\"We are developing farms inside the prisons. We have more than 7,000 saplings at the Coimbatore prison and 2,500 saplings at the Madurai prison. We are ready to give these saplings to schools, colleges and other agencies, whoever wants tree and plant saplings at free of cost,\" Dogra said, adding that one would only need to contact the superintendent of prisons to get the saplings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14071172", "title": "Heavy rains plunge Bhopal into darkness, disrupt traffic", "text": "BHOPAL: Tall claims of the district administration and Power discom about pre-monsoon maintenance was exposed when the first intense spell of pre-monsoon showers coupled with gusty winds on Tuesday evening plunged the entire city into darkness, besides flooding most parts.Traffic was stranded as trees and hoardings were uprooted. People returning home from work and studies found it extremely difficult as the traffic remained blocked on all the prominent junctions in the city. It took over an hour and half for people to cross Aera hills and Jyoti traffic square.\"When the rains started the power supply of almost 75% of the city was snapped instantly. This included vast areas in both the old and the New Bhopal\", says M S Yadav, city engineer of the MP Electricity Board.Central city areas worst hitThe heavy rain uprooted trees and flooded the city roads in the central parts of the city. MS Yadav, MPEB city enginner, who was busy directing his staff to restore the power supply said, \"The worst affected localities were centrally located areas like Retghat, Bhadbhada, Arera Hills, Professors' Colony , Shyamlla hills, Vallabh Bhavan area, Piplani, Berkheda and Shakti Nagar among others. These were the localities where the maximum incidents of trees and hoardings falling on supply line took place severing power supply\". The MPEB staff is doing its best to restore the lines as soon as possible, however, we are looking into the safety aspects as well, he added.\"It's water all around. We have to use cranes to remove the tree logs and hoardings. We have to take all precautions before restoring the supply\", he said. Places like CM House, the Raj Bhavan, locations of the best of the city hotels, important government offices, all the newspaper offices and the posh localities like on Shyamla hills, Arera hills, Professor's Colony and the Arera colony were the worst affected and power could not be restored for many hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14073955", "title": "Panchkula BJP youth president ends life", "text": "PANCHKULA: Panchkula BJP youth president Arun Guleria committed suicide at his residence on Tuesday afternoon, hanging himself from the ceiling fan. Guleria was a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula. Guleria was rushed to General Hospital in Sector 6, Panchkula where he was declared brought dead. The deceased is survived by wife and eight-month-old son.\"On Tuesday afternoon Guleria was sitting and having a discussion with his family. The discussion ended in a heated argument, following which Guleria locked himself in his room in a fit of anger,\" said Lakshmi Chand, additional station house officer of the Sector-14 police station. He added, \"When Guleria refused to open the door for his family on repeated requests, the family broke the bedroom lock to find him hanging from the ceiling fan.\" According to sources, at the time of the incident Guleria's father was out for work and his mother and wife were at home. A case has been registered at Sector-14 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "14077549", "title": "LPG cylinders explode at Mukhiya's 'shraddh' venue", "text": "ARA: Panic prevailed in Khopira, the native village of slain Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, on Tuesday as leaping flames went up in the air after 20-odd LPG cylinders exploded on the village outskirts where preparations were afoot for his 'shraddh' on Wednesday.Many received burn injuries while trying to control the fire which threatened to engulf the village had the fire tenders not come in time. The preparations came to a halt for about six hours. Normalcy was returning with the concerted efforts of the villagers and the district administration.Around 50,000 plastic chairs had been lined up in huge 'pandals' for the Mukhiyaji's supporters, sympathizers, political leaders and relatives who were expected to attend the 'shraddh' ceremony. A large number of cooks were already busy cooking meals for the visitors coming in hordes every day.Three 'pandals' were reduced to ashes. So were a large quantity of vegetables, rice and flour still packaged in gunny bags stocked in the 'pandals'. At least 4,000 chairs and tables were also burned. Though neither villagers nor the administration could explain the reason behind the fire, reports said one of the cooks was lowering the flame of a stove when the regulator got detached from the LPG cylinder and the cylinder caught fire. The reports said there were around 75 LPG cylinders at the venue and at least 20 stoves. However, Ara SDO Dharmesh Kumar Singh said only 12 cylinders caught fireVillagers said the 'shraddh' would be performed as per the programme and guests treated as per the plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14078467", "title": "300 cases filed against Madurai auto drivers", "text": "MADURAI: More than 300 cases have been filed against auto rickshaw drivers on charges of overloading, extra fittings, accommodating passengers in driver seats, for not wearing their uniforms among others. The move comes following the district police's warning to the drivers on June 3 to abide by the rules.With the norms against auto rickshaws being tightened, drivers in the city took out a rally and staged a demonstration on Tuesday in front of the collectorate. They charged that the police are taking stringent measures against them and that they are not able to work peacefully.Police have seized nearly 90 auto rickshaws for alterations and booked numerous cases on them, they said. N Rajkumar, president of Share Auto Rickshaw Drivers Association in Madurai said that many are buying the bigger auto rickshaws with the intention of using them as share autos. Hence, they should be allowed to board seven passengers from the existing norm of three passengers. \"We are paying higher costs for these vehicles and such strict action will deprive our daily income. Besides, we are also seeking some space near bus stands so that we take passengers,\" he said.However, the district police are strict on implementing the traffic rules in the district and arrested 60 persons for drunken driving on Monday night in an hour's time between 9pm and 10pm. From the earlier practice of imposing fine for drunken driving, they were arrested and left on bail later, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075502", "title": "In school and happy to be there", "text": "BANGALORE: They almost lost their childhood. But for some good Samaritans who rescued them from drudgery, these children would not have started out on a new life. On Tuesday, observed as Anti-Child Labour Day, these children spelt hope that the social evil called child labour can, indeed, be wiped out. But there are many more unlucky ones who are still trapped in the system.Sathyavelu S, 12, from Chandra Layout, was pushed to work at a construction site, after his father passed away a year ago. Rescued by the labour department, he is now studying in Ashraya Colony school in Kanchiramanagar. \"My father passed away in a road accident. My mother, who works as a maid, made me work and I stopped going to school. But I am now studying in Class 6. I am so happy,\" he says.M Akash, a former child labourer, worked in a garage until Paraspara trust, an NGO working to eradicate child labour, rescued him and put him in Yeshwanthpur Government High School. Akash was also given a cash award on Tuesday. \"I used to work in a garage near Yeshwanthpur, and earned just Rs 600 a month. I never thought I would complete SSLC and join college. It all looks like a fairytale,\" Akash told TOI. He secured 64% in SSLC.Venkatesh, 16, cannot remember his parents. \"I was brought up by my grandmother in Magadi. I don't know my parents ' names and have no initials, like others. I used to make garlands and sell flowers, and earn Rs 150 a day. I was rescued when I was selling flowers in Magadi, now I've passed my SSLC with a first class. It is a memorable day,\" said Venkatesh, who's joined St Joseph's PU College. \"I want to become a dancer,\" he says.Veeresh, a 13-year old slumdweller, is not so lucky. Once rescued, he is now back at work, and is missing studies. But his parents won't allow him to return because it means the family loses out on Rs 125 which he earns as a construction worker. Said Veeresh: \"I was once rescued by CRY (Child Rights and You). They also arranged for my schooling and admitted me to a Telugu school in Ulsoor. I went to school for a few months, but had to discontinue because my parents want me to work as a labourer and support the family.\" Veeresh has now buried his dream to get educated and become a civic contractor; instead, he is back at the construction site.Lakshmi (name changed), 14, from Bangalore Rural, has a different story to tell. Lakshmi's father worked as a labourer in a vegetable farm. When she turned 10, she was enrolled to work. She too was rescued by CRY about a year ago. The NGO's officials spoke to Lakshmi's parents, who were motivated to admit her to school. Today, she is studying in Class 9 and is happy to go to school. \"I want to be well-educated and earn respect in society. I wish we could eradicate child labour from our society,\" says Lakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14072155", "title": "One killed after car hits bike head-on", "text": "NASHIK: Biker Vithoba Gawli (38), a resident of Namo Gurudev Society, Panchavati, on Tuesday succumbed to injuries sustained in an accident on Monday. According to the complaint registered at the Panchavati police station, Gawli was driving with his children Jayesh and Yogesh seated behind him when a car rammed into his bike head-on near the Irrigation Colony, Makhmalabad Road. Balu Waychale and his friend, who was driving the car, tried to flee from the scene but were caught by locals, who handed them over to the police. A case of negligent driving has been registered by the police.Two chain-snatchings: Two incidents of chain-snatching were reported in two different parts of the city. As per the complaint registered at Adgaon police station, Indumati Pawar (50), an Old Adgaon Naka resident, was walking past Panchavati College on Monday when two persons riding a black bike snatched her gold chain, worth Rs 35,800.Also, Mahin Rohington lodged a complaint with the Deolali Camp police after her gold chain worth Rs 32,000 was snatched at Rehman Nagar. When Rohington slowed down her bike near a pit, three bystanders grabbed her chain and fled.Valuables worth 78K stolen: A house break-in complaint was registered with the Indira Nagar police by Sushil Mahajan, a resident of Vinay Nagar. Mahajan said he was out of station from June 5 to June 11, and after coming back found his belongings had been stolen. Gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 65,000 and Rs 13,000 in cash were reported missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14076721", "title": "Carry your PC in a memory stick", "text": "LONDON: There are times when people need to use a computer \u2014 and not leave a trace.Now, a clever piece of software lets one carry their own personal computer which can easily be carried inside the pocket \u2014 and once the person has finished using it, no one will ever know.Technically, the PC that people would be carrying is not a whole computer \u2014 instead , it is a simple USB memory stick.But within it is a full operating system (like Windows), and when you plug it into a PC, that computer will restart into your own personal setup , called Tails.When you have finished, simply shut down the computer , put the USB stick back in the pocket, and the PC will never know that it has been used, the Daily Mail reported.As everything the user does is contained within Tails, the software on a stick, not a single trace is left on the original PC. That means no cookies of websites browsed, no chance of documents being left in a recycle bin.As with any technology, there are both good and bad sides to the idea.Critics say this may allow people to carry out illegal activities in secrecy \u2014 indeed, even technically on other PCs, whereas privacy advocates will laud the idea of being able to work in complete secrecy.Naturally, using anything on the web will leave a trace somewhere. If you use Google to search for something , Google will have a record on their end.But with Tails, at least on your end of the connection, you can feel secure that noone will be able to check your documents or follow your movements when your PC is either turned on in front of you, or squirreled away in your pocket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14072908", "title": "Chavan-Patil tussle delays IPS transfers", "text": "MUMBAI: The political tussle between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil has delayed the much-awaited reshuffle of high-ranking IPS officers by over 15 days.IPS officers are usually transferred in the last week of May, but this isn't the case in the state this year. With Chavan and Patil not seeing eye to eye, uncertainty looms large over postings, promotions and transfers of IPS officers even in June. \"We have submitted a revised proposal to the CM's office. Now, it is up to him to take a decision,\" an senior NCP minister told TOI on Tuesday.According to an high-ranking IPS officer, the director general of police (DGP) meets the home minister for an interaction before the final transfer list is prepared. The transfer list is drawn up keeping in mind requests of leading cabinet members, MPs and politicians.\"It is well known that the home minister takes into account the requests of his cabinet colleagues and politicians while finalizing the list,\" he said.Sources said Patil was surprised when the DGP submitted a signed comprehensive proposal on postings, promotions and transfers . Apparently, the DGP submitted the proposal in keeping with the guidelines prescribed by the apex court in the Prakash Singh case on IPS officers.An upset Patil is is believed to have completely changed the DGP's proposal and submitted his revised proposal. Chavan was reportedly disturbed when the two proposals reached his office; he was upset that Chavan was disturbed over the manner in which the DGP's proposal was changed for obvious political reasons.\"Chavan told Patil that he will clear only those proposals which are in accordance with the landmark law on transfers,\" said the IPS officer.\"Our information is that CM asked the home department to submit a revised list on the basis of the one submitted by the DGP. Accordingly, a new proposal has been submitted,\" said the IPS officer. \"The dispute is over the posts of joint commissioner of police (law and order), Mumbai, and Pune police commissioner. Over a dozen IG-rank officers are vying for the post of JCP and more than half-a-dozen additional DG-rank officers for that of Pune CP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14082827", "title": "Anaesthesia machine replaced by a carton of shoe soles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nine years on, PGI (Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research) is yet to recover payment of the imported machine which was replaced by a carton of shoe soles.They ordered a machine of some Rs 16 lakhs for saving lives and instead got shoe soles , nuts and bolts. This was an audit objection raised by the country's premier medical institute, PGI in 2003. But it has failed to bother the officials who have selectively gone into amnesia.Neither did the machine ever reach the grounds of PGI, despite the full payment, nor has the money been recovered after the audit objection.\"The anaesthesia machine ordered from Singapore, has till date never been obtained and the officials are sleeping over it. The weird case has conveniently slipped out of memory. The case is too old and we are not able to trace such a report\", said official spokesperson, PGI.In the same year two more machines were obtained including gas liquid chromatography and a gel scanner. Both amounted to a crore. The audit objected to both these machines were malfunctioned. \"The report mentioned that these machines were sealed and were non-functional. These were sold a year ago and that money has been utilized for the PGI fund,\" said an official in PGI.This was one of the rarest cases of purchase in the institute ever. \"The PGI had been waiting for the anaesthesia machine which was halted at the customs. In fact another Rs 1,25000 was paid for the custom clearance by the institute, recalled a technician from the department. But what happened to the machine and the money recovery, no one knows,\" he said.There is an annual audit at the PGI which questions the deficiencies on which the PGI acts and furnishes its reply. \"However, in this matter the PGI wrote to the Singapore company once and did not pursue further,\" noted an official in the purchase department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14082597", "title": "Cap on US H-1B visa reached", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services has announced that it has reached the cap on Congressionally mandated 65,000 H-1B work visas, the most sought after by Indian professionals.This is for the first time in several years, in particular during the recent economic crisis, that the cap on H-1B visas, for technology professionals, has been reached mid-year.In the past few years, it either crossed over to next year or the cap was reached later in the year.\"USCIS announced today that it has received a sufficient number of H-1B petitions to reach the statutory cap of 65,000 for fiscal year (FY) 2013.\"Yesterday, June 11, was the final receipt date for new H-1B specialty occupation petitions requesting an employment start date in FY 2013,\" an official statement said.In a statement, USCIS said it will consider properly filed cases as received on the date that it physically received the petition; not the date that the petition was postmarked.USCIS will reject cap-subject petitions for new H-1B specialty occupation workers if they arrive after June 11, 2012 and seek an employment start date in FY 2013, it said.As of June 7, USCIS had already received more than 20,000 H-1B petitions filed on behalf of persons exempt from the cap under the \"advanced degree\" exemption.USCIS will continue to accept and process petitions that are otherwise exempt from the cap, it said.In addition, petitions filed on behalf of current H-1B workers who have been counted previously against the cap will not be counted toward the FY 2013 H-1B cap.As such, USCIS will continue to accept and process these petitions to extend the amount of time a current H-1B worker may remain in the US; change the terms of employment for current H-1B workers; allow current H-1B workers to change employers; and allow current H-1B workers to work concurrently in a second H-1B position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14071392", "title": "Health department plans super chlorination drive in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to control the spread of epidemics during monsoon, the district health department and sanitation mission will start a super chlorination drive from Thursday. As part of the week-long drive, health volunteers will chlorinate about 50,000 water sources including wells and ponds in the district.District health officer P N Sreenivasan said the department observes chlorination day on the seventh of every month and the week-long super chlorination is an additional initiative. \"Every month health volunteers chlorinate about 12,000 water sources across the district and clean their surroundings. During the super chlorination process our plan is to continuously chlorinate water sources and make them safe for use,\" he said.The health officer said that during last year's chlorination day, they had chlorinated more than 67,732 water sources. For chlorinating water sources, health volunteers add about 2.5 grams of bleaching powder with 33% chlorine in every 1,000 litres of water.An official at the district sanitation mission said people residing in eastern parts of the district are more prone to vector-borne diseases like dengue fever.\"A major reason is that shells used for collecting latex are not properly covered during monsoon and it becomes a breeding ground for mosquitoes. We have given strict instructions to health officials to initiate strict actions against violators under the Public Health Act if any plantation is seen without rain guards for latex collecting shells,\" he said.A high-level meet to discuss prevention of epidemics urged that every panchayat should have a waste management programme and public representatives must take initiative to tackle waste management issue.The health department will rope in students and teachers to boost their campaign on garbage dumping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14086582", "title": "Service lane on Ferozepur Road to be functional soon", "text": "LUDHIANA: For making service lane on Ferozepur Road functional the district administration is going to axe trees falling on this road. A 7.45 kilometers long stretch was acquired by the municipal corporation from Jagraon Bridge to octroi post for developing a service lane for small vehicles and reducing burden from main Ferozepur Road. The matter has been taken up with municipal corporation and forest department and very soon both the departments would take final decision.Even after acquiring the land MC failed in developing it due to which land has been encroached on several points. Most of the commercial buildings, hotels and malls are situated on this stretch and the owners have encroached the lane as the cars or vehicles are being parked there. A few of them have also converted the service lane into parking lots while at some places the officials have not even developed it into road.While confirming the same deputy commissioner Rahul Tiwari said, \"We are taking up the matter with concerned departments and very soon positive results could be seen.\"\"Service lane should become functional as it could reduce the number of accidents on Ferozepur Road because small vehicles could use the service lane instead of passing through main Ferozepur Road from where heavy traffic passes,\" expresses Harpreet Singh a businessman and resident of Aggar Nagar.Echoing the same a student and resident of civil lines Kunal Rao said, \"Before axing trees the departments should plant trees in other parts of the city for maintaining equilibrium.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14071295", "title": "Brinda draws Antony\u2019s attention to Navy\u2019s `bias\u2019 against women officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing deep concern over the \"discriminatory'' practices followed by the Navy, CPM leader and former Rajya Sabha member Brinda Karat has written to defence minister A K Antony pointing out that despite assurances to Parliament, women officers were not being offered permanent commission.In her letter written to Antony on Tuesday, Karat said that the government's 2008 decision to offer permanent commission to women officers of the three services has been implemented in the Navy in a ``selected and discriminatory way'.'She added, \"It is regrettable that in spite of your assurances to Parliament that there will be no discrimination against women officers in the armed services, such discrimination continues. The most recent case is that against lady officers of the navy who joined service as short commission officers before 2009. Whereas male short commission officers who joined the navy prior to 2009 are being offered permanent commission in a number of branches, women officers are being denied the same right. This is highly discriminatory.''Giving the example of women officers of the Logistics branch, Karat said that they are allowed to serve for 14 years (which is the tenure for short service commission) but not for 20 years. \"On the other hand, male officers in branches like ATC, logistics, education are offered permanent commission even though they do not have sea tenure. Even with the revised policy of according permanent commission to women, a lady officer in the navy can only join in the short service commission category. She has to apply for permanent commission only after six years. However a male officer who joins the navy in a non-combat post can be inducted on permanent commission right from the start,'' the communication said.The armed forces have offered permanent commission to women after a Delhi High Court order. The order was implemented by the Air Force, while the Army followed suit only after the Supreme Court intervened.Urging Antony to intervene, Karat asked, ``Is it not a loss to the national exchequer when highly trained and motivated officers are forced to leave service, because of their gender?''She also pointed out that the parliamentary panel on empowerment of women had faulted the defence services on grounds of their ``utterly patriarchal and insensitive approach'' to women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14074758", "title": "YSR Cong youth leader goes \u2018missing\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: A YSR Congress youth wing leader from OU campus went missing under suspicious circumstances on Monday night.At about 10.30 pm on Monday, Rahul Reddy, 23, of Saidabad, an LLB fourth year student of University College of Law, OU, spoke to his friends near Hindi Maha Vidyalaya in Nallakunta and went home. At 11.09 pm, Rahul called up some of his friends claiming that he got some threat calls and wanted to meet them immediately. Rahul told them that he was waiting near University College of Commerce and Business Management on the OU campus.However, when his friends reached the college, they found Rahul's Hyundai Accent car parked there with keys in the ignition socket. As Rahul was not there, they tried calling him on the mobile, but it was found switched off, OU inspector P Ashok said.After failing to find him, Rahul's friends, Siddharth and Raju, approached the OU police and lodged a complaint at 12.30 am. A missing case was booked.With the help of cell phone call details, police discovered that Rahul did not receive any anonymous calls between 10.30 pm and 11 pm when he actually claimed to have got a threat call. They also found that when he made the last call to his friends at 11.09 pm his location was near Victory Playground in Chaderghat and not on the OU campus where he said he was.\"There are several suspicious things about the entire episode. We are working on some leads to trace the whereabouts of Rahul,\" the inspector said.Rahul Reddy's father Hitender Reddy is an executive engineer with the R&B; department in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14070961", "title": "Tata Consultancy Services may get lease deed for SEZ by month-end", "text": "INDORE: Information technology major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is likely to get the lease deed for setting up the SEZ at Super Corridor on the outskirts of the city by month-end. Jaikishan T Bhagchandani, project head, Tata Realty and Infrastructure Development, hinted about the latest development on the much-awaited IT project during his day-long visit to the city on Tuesday.Tata Realty and Infrastructure Development is a subsidiary of Tata group, which is responsible for development of SEZs for the company. The sources, familiar with the development said that Bhagchandani also told the government officials that it was only a courtesy visit. Still, he hinted that the lease deed may be signed by the month-end.Once the lease deed is signed, the land will be in their possession and then the IT firm can start the work for the project. The sources added that Bhagchandani, who was leading a four-member delegation, also interacted with the officials concerned at the collectorate. The state government has already handed over about 100 acre of land to the company for setting the IT SEZ. On the other hand, another IT major Infosys has also started work on its SEZ project. The Bangalore-based company has been handed over the land measuring about 130 acre for the purpose.However, Infosy has not got lease deed so far.The Tata group officials also inquired about various facilities to be provided at the proposed SEZ including water supply and electricity.The company was likely to get water from Yeshwant Sagar reservoir initially, said a senior government official on condition of anonymity. TCS will deposit money towards the lease of the 100 acre land for the SEZ only after signing the lease deed and inking the MoU for the project. The government has allotted the land at Rs 1 crore per acre to the IT majors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14071259", "title": "Nagpur doctors save life of Jabalpur woman", "text": "NAGPUR: Doctors at the Orange City Hospital and Research Institute (OCHRI) saved the life of a 51-year-old woman who had swallowed the bud of a Banyan tree during the Vat Savitri puja and landed up with severe breathing and other problems. She was referred to OCHRI after taking treatment at the Government Medical College in Jabalpur.She was treated by Dr Sudhir Tomey (GI Surgery) with provisional diagnosis of 'Post Esophageal Foreign Body with Esophageal Perforation' in medical terminology. The patient was complaining of dysphagia (difficulty in swallowing), pain in neck region and generalized weakness.Since swallowing the bud or seed as a ritual of the puja, she was feeling 'choked' and had difficulty in swallowing. So, she went to her family doctor who advised her to have liquids and bananas but she had no relief. Then she was referred to an ENT specialist, also at Jabalpur. He tried to remove the seed with some instrument but was unable to do so.Dr Tomey advised CAT scan of neck &amp; chest which revealed the cause and abscess in oesophagus. The upper gastro intestinal tract endoscopy showed bulge in pharynx. Dr Tomey performed a surgery to cure the problem. The patient is now stable and maintaining vital parameters. Dr Kavita Dhurve assisted Dr Sudhir Tomey during the surgery whereas Dr Anita Pande administered anaesthesia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14074049", "title": "Scheduled power cuts from today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After witnessing long unscheduled power cuts in the scorching heat, city residents should now prepare themselves for scheduled cuts. The power department had decided to implement scheduled cuts from Wednesday and these will remain thought summer. However, it has been decided that the duration of these cuts will not be more than an hour.Chandigarh electricity department has observed that there is an overloading of the power transformers at grid sub-station at sectors 34 and 52. The department has to resort to power cuts in order to save the costly power transformer from damage.UT gets approximately 320 MW of power. Interestingly, according to the demand the supply is not short, but there is a problem of over loading. So this year too, the sectors which have the problem of over loading will face these scheduled power cuts. These include southern sectors and some centrally located sectors.The electricity department had also requested residents to restrict the use of air conditioners and make sure that the temperature setting of the AC is not below 25-26 degree celsius. Also consumers are requested to fill up the \"Self Declaration of Load\" form and get their unauthorized load regularized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "south city (west)", "code": "14073784", "title": "She writes, sings, tweets in same breath", "text": "SOUTH CITY (WEST): The Yamaha PSR 730 has been wired to a power socket and its multi-effect equalizer knob is turned on with the instrumental backup. The distinctive wheeze and whine of retro electronic riff blare loud.South City (West) resident Nomita Khanna is all set to bring the relic from the epochal Mohammad Rafi era.Her eyes move over the neatly arranged detectives, cops, journalists, psychopaths, and seductresses in her study. She stops at Agatha Christie's 1972 \"Endless Night\" and hums a melody.The 42-year-old homemaker has done this before.\"A cathartic release through a fountain of creative gush... Come into the world of us modern and old homemaker women,\" she quips, singing the classic \"Suhaani raat dhal chuki\" with her refined vocals. Nomita, who once wrote short crime stories for magazines, often found her plots after her these sessions.With her evil intrigues, she swept Mont Blanc and Cartier pens and won trips to London and Australia.Getting her kids married, domestic chores and growing responsibilities have shrunk her writing but she still finds new ways to keep herself entertained.A peek into modern housewives' worldThe 'jugalbandi' of writing, singing and tweeting comes easily to Nomita Khanna, a resident of South City (West).From gathering news on her Apple iPad while sauntering around the pool to tweeting and finding new art deals on the internet, she knows her job.Her daughter-in-law Aakriti, a BSc in mathematics and economics from UK and Bharatnatyam dancer, has now become her new chum at home. The 25-year-old sings while Nomita plays the synthesizer.When that gets boring, the duo plugs their full-scale karaoke to the home theatre system, bringing the house down with their power-packed performance.\"I think music has really brought us closer. I feel so triumphant after our 'jugalbandi' that I want to send her to reality shows. I have been a mother and I am learning to be a mother-in-law,\" she says.Since summer began, the two have even taken up classes to learn \"dholaki\". One plays the dholak and the other produces sharp staccato sound with a spoon.They stop. They shriek. There's a giggle. \"Come join us to take a peek into modern housewives' world,\" she says again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14074999", "title": "Parsis lead the way on charity housing", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's biggest private landlord, the Bombay Parsi Punchayet (BPP), on Tuesday explained how it had fixed a monthly income of Rs 90,000 as the upper eligibility limit for getting new community flats in Panthaky Baug in Andheri (E).\"These flats are available for Rs 20 lakh each. The trustees decided that only those earning a minimum Rs 25,000 to Rs 90,000 a month would be able to afford the outgoings and loan repayments,\" BPP chairman Dinshaw Mehta said. \"We realized that anyone earning less than Rs 25,000 a month will not be able to afford these flats.\" The Rs-90,000 limit was not a general definition of poverty, he said.Young Parsi couples who plan to marry are being given first preference to buy the Panthaky Baug flats, the BPP said.The punchayet controls 5,500 flats between Colaba in south Mumbai and Jogeshwari in the western suburbs. In a city of more than 12 million people, Zoroastrians number 45,000, of whom 15,000 reside in punchayat flats.Despite the widely-held belief that the community is affluent, there is an underprivileged section, members of which lead a hand-to-mouth existence and depend on monthly doles and food rations from Parsi charities and trusts.The BPP said underprivileged community members were already being provided charity flats at low rents. These flats are only allotted to those earning Rs 5,000-50,000 a month. The rents are Rs 500-5,000 a month.The BPP has three categories of flats, said Mehta. The first are for low-income people and have low rents. Flats in the second category are allotted after the payment of refundable deposits.Occupants are allowed to encash the tenancy if they want to sell it to another community member; 50% of the sale proceeds are retained by the seller and the rest goes to the BPP.The third category comprises ownership flats, allotted mainly to those who can afford to pay a deposit of more than Rs 1 crore. Spacious apartments in Cusrow Baug, Colaba, for instance, have fetched the BPP up to Rs 5 crore.The BPP, which in the past has been accused of manipulating the merit-rating system while allotting flats, said its cross-subsidy scheme is the only way it can raise money to build more houses for low-income community members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14069821", "title": "Row over annual fee for open space", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A controversy erupted in the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) over levying of higher annual fee for the open space in the Sports Club of Gujarat Ltd premises, located on both sides of Sardar Patel Stadium. The opposition leader of the Congress, Bhadruddin Sheikh, has resigned from the membership of the Sports Club after demanding a higher fee to be levied on the open space.During major events in the stadium, the open space doubles up as parking space for vehicles, but on regular days the space is rented out to private individuals for holding events. The AMC has now proposed to levy a charge of Rs 4 lakh a year as rent for using the space.Opposition leader Sheikh protested against the levy of lesser annual fee. \"The Sports Club rents off the space at a much higher cost to private individuals who hold marriages, birthday parties, cultural programmes and even annual general meetings. The rent to be levied by AMC should be much higher,\" says Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14071255", "title": "CBI says Gali intimidated 3 key witnesses", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Tuesday informed the AP high court that three witnesses, who deposed against Gali Janardhana Reddy , the prime accused in the illegal mining case, were later threatened by him. The terrified witnesses were taken under the protective custody of the CBI and provided round-the-clock security, senior counsel Ashok Bhan appearing for the investigative agency told Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu while urging the court to cancel the bail that was granted to Gali by the trial court. The counsel then handed over to the judge relevant documents to substantiate his claim in this regard.The judge sought to know from the CBI's counsel the grounds under which a high court could intervene in a trial court order. To this, the counsel, quoting several orders of the Supreme Court, said that the higher courts can cancel the trial court's order if the latter fails to take relevant material into consideration and instead relies on irrelevant ones.When Bhan spoke at length on the loot of national wealth committed by Gali in the form of illegal mining of iron ore, the judge sought to know from the Centre's counsel the quantum of area where iron ore is available in the country. While iron ore could be available in lakhs of hectares across the country, the papers placed before me say that Gali was given lease over an extent of 68 hectares, the judge said.The CBI counsel put the loss to the national exchequer on account of Gali's illegal mining in both AP and Karnataka at Rs 884 crore. He also informed the court that Gali did not mine much in the 68 hectares given to him by the AP government because the OMC owner was aware it will not yield good quality ore.Alluding to a possible divine punishment,Ashok Bhan informed the judge that Gali in his greed had even destroyed the Sugalamma temple in the Bellary reserve forest area on Sept 5, 2006, while indiscriminately excavating the iron ore in unauthorized areas. \"Gali faced the consequence for this misdeed exactly on the same day after five years he was arrested on Sept 5, 2011, in the illegal mining scam case,\" Bhan said.The CBI counsel went on to explain to the court how Gali procured the mining lease in AP in connivance with officials like the then industries and mines department secretary Y Srilakshmi, director of mines wing V D Rajagopal and others. \"Srilakshmi was responsible for creating note file words like 'captive mining' which successfully eliminated other contenders for the same mine and for removing the same crucial words by the time the GOs were issued,\" the counsel said.Gali proposed to set up Brahmani Steels in Kadapa district and wrote in his application that the ore he would extract from the AP mine would be used exclusively in the Brahmani steel plant for producing steel, Bhan said. However, Gali and the AP officials played a huge mischief in this regard and as a result of this, the OMC owner could sell in the open market iron ore worth crores of rupees which was allotted to him for producing steel, the CBI counsel said. The hearing would continue on Wednesday also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14075038", "title": "Queasy BBMP won\u2019t clean drains", "text": "BANGALORE: Don't complain about stinking storm water drains. For, BBMP says the drains are too unhygienic for it to clear the muck.It's official: In its quarterly progress report, the Palike admitted that remodelling of drains cannot be completed as per schedule. On its website, in the column where the reasons for the delay have to be listed, BBMP has stated: \"Unhygienic conditions prevailing to take up the work.\"One of the much-hyped projects taken up under the Union government grants of JnNURM was the remodelling of storm water drains. And the civic body has given the same reason for the delay in not cleaning four storm water drains on Vrishabhavathi, Hebbal, Challaghatta and Koramangala valleys. These projects were tendered in 2005. Work which began in 2007, is expected to be completed in March 2013. However, the project never saw the required momentum . Not even 50% of the work is completed, according to sources.When TOI contacted, SM Ramaprasad, chief finance officer, JnNURM project, BBMP, about Palike's reluctance to take up the drain work, he had just this to say: \"I have not seen the updated website . I will take a look at it.\"In 2009, when six-year-old Abhishek was washed away in a storm water drain, the rescue squad of BBMP had a tough time searching for the boy in the drain due to toxic gases and filth. Three years down the line, nothing seems to have changed: BBMP is yet to take up 'operation drain work' on a war footing. With monsoon already set in, drains are a cause for worry. Storm water drains are designed to catch and carry rain water. But both BBMP and BWSSB have not been able to divert the sewage lines that have been connected to storm water drains.The delay in the progress of the work is affecting the condition of the roads. For instance, in Shivaji Nagar, the work is halted and it leads to flooding of the drain during monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-13"}
